the Worst birthday not for the first time , an argument have break out over breakfast at number four , Privet Drive . Mr. Vernon Dursley have be wake in the early hour of the morning by a loud , hoot noise from his nephew Harry 's room . " third time this week ! " he roar across the table . " if you ca n't control that owl , it will have to go ! " Harry try , yet again , to explain . " she be bore , " he say . " she be use to fly around outside . if I could just let her out at night -- " " do I look stupid ? " snarl Uncle Vernon , a bit of fried egg dangle from his bushy mustache . " I know what will happen if that owl be let out . " he exchange dark look with his wife , Petunia . Harry try to argue back but his word be drown by a long , loud belch from the Dursley ' son , Dudley . " I want more bacon . " " there be more in the fry pan , sweetums , " say Aunt Petunia , turn misty eye on her massive son . " we must build you up while we have get the chance . ... I do n't like the sound of that school food . ... " " nonsense , Petunia , I never go hungry when I be at Smeltings , " say Uncle Vernon heartily . " Dudley get enough , do n't you , son ? " Dudley , who be so large his bottom droop over either side of the kitchen chair , grin and turn to Harry . " pass the fry pan . " " you have forget the magic word , " say Harry irritably . the effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family be incredible : Dudley gasp and fall off his chair with a crash that shake the whole kitchen ; Mrs. Dursley give a small scream and clap her hand to her mouth ; Mr. Dursley jump to his foot , vein throb in his temple . " I mean ' please ' ! " say Harry quickly . " I do n't mean -- " " what HAVE I TOLD you , " thunder his uncle , spray spit over the table , " ABOUT SAYING THE ' M ' Word in OUR HOUSE ? " " but I -- " " How Dare you THREATEN Dudley ! " roar Uncle Vernon , pound the table with his fist . " I just -- " " I warn you ! I Will NOT TOLERATE Mention of YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER This Roof ! " Harry stare from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who be try to heave Dudley to his foot . " all right , " say Harry , " all right ... " Uncle Vernon sit back down , breathe like a winded rhinoceros and watch Harry closely out of the corner of his small , sharp eye . ever since Harry have come home for the summer holiday , Uncle Vernon have be treat him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter be n't a normal boy . as a matter of fact , he be as not normal as it be possible to be . Harry Potter be a wizard -- a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . and if the Dursley be unhappy to have him back for the holiday , it be nothing to how Harry feel . he miss Hogwarts so much it be like have a constant stomachache . he miss the castle , with its secret passageway and ghost , his class ( though perhaps not Snape , the potion master ) , the mail arrive by owl , eat banquet in the Great Hall , sleep in his four-poster bed in the tower dormitory , visit the gamekeeper , Hagrid , in his cabin next to the Forbidden Forest in the ground , and , especially , Quidditch , the most popular sport in the wizarding world ( six tall goal post , four fly ball , and fourteen player on broomstick ) . all Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robe , cauldron , and top-of-the-line Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick have be lock in a cupboard under the stair by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry have come home . what do the Dursley care if Harry lose his place on the House Quidditch team because he have n't practice all summer ? what be it to the Dursley if Harry go back to school without any of his homework do ? the Dursley be what wizard call Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their vein ) , and as far as they be concerned , have a wizard in the family be a matter of deep shame . Uncle Vernon have even padlock Harry 's owl , Hedwig , inside her cage , to stop her from carry message to anyone in the wizarding world . Harry look nothing like the rest of the family . Uncle Vernon be large and neckless , with an enormous black mustache ; Aunt Petunia be horse-faced and bony ; Dudley be blond , pink , and porky . Harry , on the other hand , be small and skinny , with brilliant green eye and jet-black hair that be always untidy . he wear round glass , and on his forehead be a thin , lightning-shaped scar . it be this scar that make Harry so particularly unusual , even for a wizard . this scar be the only hint of Harry 's very mysterious past , of the reason he have be leave on the Dursley ' doorstep eleven year before . at the age of one year old , Harry have somehow survive a curse from the great dark sorcerer of all time , Lord Voldemort , whose name most witch and wizard still fear to speak . Harry 's parent have die in Voldemort 's attack , but Harry have escape with his lightning scar , and somehow -- nobody understand why -- Voldemort 's power have be destroy the instant he have fail to kill Harry . so Harry have be bring up by his dead mother 's sister and her husband . he have spend ten year with the Dursley , never understand why he keep make odd thing happen without mean to , believe the Dursley ' story that he have get his scar in the car crash that have kill his parent . and then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts have write to Harry , and the whole story have come out . Harry have take up his place at wizard school , where he and his scar be famous ... but now the school year be over , and he be back with the Dursley for the summer , back to be treat like a dog that have roll in something smelly . the Dursley have n't even remember that today happen to be Harry 's twelfth birthday . of course , his hope have n't be high ; they have never give him a real present , let alone a cake -- but to ignore it completely ... at that moment , Uncle Vernon clear his throat importantly and say , " now , as we all know , today be a very important day . " Harry look up , hardly dare to believe it . " this could well be the day I make the big deal of my career , " say Uncle Vernon . Harry go back to his toast . of course , he think bitterly , Uncle Vernon be talk about the stupid dinner party . he have be talk of nothing else for two week . some rich builder and his wife be come to dinner and Uncle Vernon be hope to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company make drill ) . " I think we should run through the schedule one more time , " say Uncle Vernon . " we should all be in position at eight o'clock . Petunia , you will be -- ? " " in the lounge , " say Aunt Petunia promptly , " wait to welcome them graciously to our home . " " good , good . and Dudley ? " " I will be wait to open the door . " Dudley put on a foul , simper smile . " may I take your coat , Mr. and Mrs. Mason ? " " they will love him ! " cry Aunt Petunia rapturously . " excellent , Dudley , " say Uncle Vernon . then he round on Harry . " and you ? " " I will be in my bedroom , make no noise and pretend I be not there , " say Harry tonelessly . " exactly , " say Uncle Vernon nastily . " I will lead them into the lounge , introduce you , Petunia , and pour them drink . at eight-fifteen -- " " I will announce dinner , " say Aunt Petunia . " and , Dudley , you will say -- " " may I take you through to the dining room , Mrs. Mason ? " say Dudley , offer his fat arm to an invisible woman . " my perfect little gentleman ! " sniff Aunt Petunia . " and you ? " say Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry . " I will be in my room , make no noise and pretend I be not there , " say Harry dully . " precisely . now , we should aim to get in a few good compliment at dinner . Petunia , any idea ? " " Vernon tell me you be a wonderful golfer , Mr. Mason . ... do tell me where you buy your dress , Mrs. Mason . ... " " Perfect ... Dudley ? " " how about -- ' we have to write an essay about our hero at school , Mr. Mason , and I write about you . ' " this be too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry . aunt Petunia burst into tear and hug her son , while Harry duck under the table so they would n't see him laughing . " and you , boy ? " Harry fight to keep his face straight as he emerge . " I will be in my room , make no noise and pretend I be not there , " he say . " too right , you will , " say Uncle Vernon forcefully . " the mason do n't know anything about you and it be go to stay that way . when dinner be over , you take Mrs. Mason back to the lounge for coffee , Petunia , and I will bring the subject around to drill . with any luck , I will have the deal sign and seal before the news at ten . we will be shop for a vacation home in Majorca this time tomorrow . " Harry could n't feel too excited about this . he do n't think the Dursley would like him any good in Majorca than they do on Privet Drive . " right -- I be off into town to pick up the dinner jacket for Dudley and me . and you , " he snarl at Harry . " you stay out of your aunt 's way while she be clean . " Harry leave through the back door . it be a brilliant , sunny day . he cross the lawn , slump down on the garden bench , and sing under his breath : " happy birthday to me ... happy birthday to me ... " no card , no present , and he would be spend the evening pretend not to exist . he gaze miserably into the hedge . he have never feel so lonely . more than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than play Quidditch , Harry miss his good friend , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger . they , however , do n't seem to be miss him at all . neither of them have write to him all summer , even though Ron have say he be go to ask Harry to come and stay . countless time , Harry have be on the point of unlock Hedwig 's cage by magic and send her to Ron and Hermione with a letter , but it be n't worth the risk . underage wizard be n't allow to use magic outside of school . Harry have n't tell the Dursley this ; he know it be only their terror that he might turn them all into dung beetle that stop them from lock him in the cupboard under the stair with his wand and broomstick . for the first couple of week back , Harry have enjoy mutter nonsense word under his breath and watch Dudley tear out of the room as fast as his fat leg would carry him . but the long silence from Ron and Hermione have make Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunt Dudley have lose its appeal -- and now Ron and Hermione have forget his birthday . what would n't he give now for a message from Hogwarts ? from any witch or wizard ? he will almost be glad of a sight of his archenemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it have n't all be a dream . ... not that his whole year at Hogwarts have be fun . at the very end of last term , Harry have come face-to-face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself . Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he be still terrifying , still cunning , still determine to regain power . Harry have slip through Voldemort 's clutch for a second time , but it have be a narrow escape , and even now , week later , Harry keep wake in the night , drench in cold sweat , wonder where Voldemort be now , remember his livid face , his wide , mad eye - Harry suddenly sit bolt upright on the garden bench . he have be stare absent-mindedly into the hedge -- and the hedge be stare back . two enormous green eye have appear among the leaf . Harry jump to his foot just as a jeer voice float across the lawn . " I know what day it be , " sing Dudley , waddle toward him . the huge eye blink and vanish . " what ? " say Harry , not take his eye off the spot where they have be . " I know what day it be , " Dudley repeat , come right up to him . " well do , " say Harry . " so you have finally learn the day of the week . " " today be your birthday , " sneer Dudley . " how come you have n't get any card ? have n't you even get friend at that freak place ? " " well not let your mum hear you talk about my school , " say Harry coolly . Dudley hitch up his trouser , which be slip down his fat bottom . " why be you stare at the hedge ? " he say suspiciously . " I be try to decide what would be the good spell to set it on fire , " say Harry . Dudley stumble backward at once , a look of panic on his fat face . " you c-ca n't -- Dad tell you you be not to do m-magic -- he say he will chuck you out of the house -- and you have n't get anywhere else to go -- you have n't get any friend to take you -- " " Jiggery pokery ! " say Harry in a fierce voice . " hocus pocus -- squiggly wiggly -- " " MUUUUUUM ! " howl Dudley , trip over his foot as he dash back toward the house . " MUUUUM ! he be do you know what ! " Harry pay dearly for his moment of fun . as neither Dudley nor the hedge be in any way hurt , Aunt Petunia know he have n't really do magic , but he still have to duck as she aim a heavy blow at his head with the soapy frying pan . then she give him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he have finish . while Dudley loll around watch and eat ice cream , Harry clean the window , wash the car , mow the lawn , trim the flowerbed , prune and water the rose , and repaint the garden bench . the sun blaze overhead , burn the back of his neck . Harry know he should n't have rise to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley have say the very thing Harry have be think himself ... maybe he do n't have any friend at Hogwarts . ... Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he think savagely as he spread manure on the flower bed , his back ache , sweat run down his face . it be half past seven in the evening when at last , exhaust , he hear Aunt Petunia call him . " get in here ! and walk on the newspaper ! " Harry move gladly into the shade of the gleam kitchen . on top of the fridge stand tonight 's pudding : a huge mound of whip cream and sugared violet . a loin of roast pork be sizzle in the oven . " eat quickly ! the Masons will be here soon ! " snap Aunt Petunia , point to two slice of bread and a lump of cheese on the kitchen table . she be already wear a salmon-pink cocktail dress . Harry wash his hand and bolt down his pitiful supper . the moment he have finish , Aunt Petunia whisk away his plate . " upstairs ! hurry ! " as he pass the door to the live room , Harry catch a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow tie and dinner jacket . he have only just reach the upstairs landing when the doorbell ring and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appear at the foot of the stair . " remember , boy -- one sound -- " Harry cross to his bedroom on tiptoe , slip inside , close the door , and turn to collapse on his bed . the trouble be , there be already someone sit on it . Dobby 's Warning Harry manage not to shout out , but it be a close thing . the little creature on the bed have large , bat-like ear and bulge green eye the size of tennis ball . Harry know instantly that this be what have be watch him out of the garden hedge that morning . as they stare at each other , Harry hear Dudley 's voice from the hall . " may I take your coat , Mr. and Mrs. Mason ? " the creature slip off the bed and bow so low that the end of its long , thin nose touch the carpet . Harry notice that it be wear what look like an old pillowcase , with rip for arm- and leg-holes . " er -- hello , " say Harry nervously . " Harry Potter ! " say the creature in a high-pitched voice Harry be sure would carry down the stair . " so long have Dobby want to meet you , sir ... such an honor it be . ... " " Th-thank you , " say Harry , edge along the wall and sink into his desk chair , next to Hedwig , who be asleep in her large cage . he want to ask , " what be you ? " but think it would sound too rude , so instead he say , " who be you ? " " Dobby , sir . just Dobby . Dobby the house-elf , " say the creature . " oh -- really ? " say Harry . " er -- I do n't want to be rude or anything , but -- this be n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom . " aunt Petunia be high , false laugh sound from the live room . the elf hang his head . " not that I be not please to meet you , " say Harry quickly , " but , er , be there any particular reason you be here ? " " oh , yes , sir , " say Dobby earnestly . " Dobby have come to tell you , sir ... it be difficult , sir ... Dobby wonder where to begin . ... " " sit down , " say Harry politely , point at the bed . to his horror , the elf burst into tear -- very noisy tear . " S-sit down ! " he wail . " never ... never ever ... " Harry think he hear the voice downstairs falter . " I be sorry , " he whisper , " I do n't mean to offend you or anything -- " " Offend Dobby ! " choke the elf . " Dobby have never be ask to sit down by a wizard -- like an equal -- " Harry , try to say " Shh ! " and look comforting at the same time , usher Dobby back onto the bed where he sit hiccough , look like a large and very ugly doll . at last he manage to control himself , and sit with his great eye fix on Harry in an expression of watery adoration . " you ca n't have meet many decent wizard , " say Harry , try to cheer him up . Dobby shake his head . then , without warning , he leap up and start bang his head furiously on the window , shout , " Bad Dobby ! bad Dobby ! " " do n't -- what be you do ? " Harry hiss , spring up and pull Dobby back onto the bed -- Hedwig have wake up with a particularly loud screech and be beat her wing wildly against the bar of her cage . " Dobby have to punish himself , sir , " say the elf , who have go slightly cross-eyed . " Dobby almost speak ill of his family , sir . ... " " your family ? " " the wizard family Dobby serve , sir . ... Dobby be a house-elf -- bind to serve one house and one family forever . ... " " do they know you be here ? " ask Harry curiously . Dobby shudder . " oh , no , sir , no ... Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously for come to see you , sir . Dobby will have to shut his ear in the oven door for this . if they ever know , sir -- " " but wo n't they notice if you shut your ear in the oven door ? " " Dobby doubt it , sir . Dobby be always have to punish himself for something , sir . they let Dobby get on with it , sir . sometimes they remind me to do extra punishment . ... " " but why do n't you leave ? escape ? " " a house-elf must be set free , sir . and the family will never set Dobby free ... Dobby will serve the family until he die , sir . ... " Harry stare . " and I think I have it bad stay here for another four week , " he say . " this make the Dursley sound almost human . can n't anyone help you ? can n't I ? " almost at once , Harry wish he have n't speak . Dobby dissolve again into wail of gratitude . " please , " Harry whisper frantically , " please be quiet . if the Dursley hear anything , if they know you be here -- " " Harry Potter ask if he can help Dobby ... Dobby have hear of your greatness , sir , but of your goodness , Dobby never know . ... " Harry , who be feel distinctly hot in the face , say , " whatever you have hear about my greatness be a load of rubbish . I be not even top of my year at Hogwarts ; that be Hermione , she -- " but he stop quickly , because think about Hermione be painful . " Harry Potter be humble and modest , " say Dobby reverently , his orb-like eye aglow . " Harry Potter speak not of his triumph over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named -- " " Voldemort ? " say Harry . Dobby clap his hand over his bat ear and moan , " ah , speak not the name , sir ! speak not the name ! " " sorry , " say Harry quickly . " I know lot of people do n't like it . my friend Ron -- " he stop again . think about Ron be painful , too . Dobby lean toward Harry , his eye wide as headlight . " Dobby hear tell , " he say hoarsely , " that Harry Potter meet the Dark Lord for a second time , just week ago ... that Harry Potter escape yet again . " Harry nod and Dobby 's eye suddenly shine with tear . " ah , sir , " he gasp , dab his face with a corner of the grubby pillowcase he be wear . " Harry Potter be valiant and bold ! he have brave so many danger already ! but Dobby have come to protect Harry Potter , to warn him , even if he do have to shut his ear in the oven door later . ... Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts . " there be a silence break only by the chink of knife and fork from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon 's voice . " W-what ? " Harry stammer . " but I have get to go back -- term start on September first . it be all that be keep me go . you do n't know what it be like here . I do n't belong here . I belong in your world -- at Hogwarts . " " no , no , no , " squeak Dobby , shake his head so hard his ear flap . " Harry Potter must stay where he be safe . he be too great , too good , to lose . if Harry Potter go back to Hogwarts , he will be in mortal danger . " " why ? " say Harry in surprise . " there be a plot , Harry Potter . a plot to make most terrible thing happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year , " whisper Dobby , suddenly tremble all over . " Dobby have know it for month , sir . Harry Potter must not put himself in peril . he be too important , sir ! " " what terrible thing ? " say Harry at once . " who be plot them ? " Dobby make a funny choke noise and then bang his head frantically against the wall . " all right ! " cry Harry , grab the elf 's arm to stop him . " you ca n't tell me . I understand . but why be you warn me ? " a sudden , unpleasant thought strike him . " hang on -- this have n't get anything to do with Vol -- sorry -- with You-Know-Who , have it ? you could just shake or nod , " he add hastily as Dobby 's head tilt worryingly close to the wall again . slowly , Dobby shake his head . " not -- not He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named , sir -- " but Dobby 's eye be wide and he seem to be try to give Harry a hint . Harry , however , be completely lose . " he have n't get a brother , have he ? " Dobby shake his head , his eye wide than ever . " well then , I ca n't think who else would have a chance of make horrible thing happen at Hogwarts , " say Harry . " I mean , there be Dumbledore , for one thing -- you know who Dumbledore be , do n't you ? " Dobby bow his head . " Albus Dumbledore be the great headmaster Hogwarts have ever have . Dobby know it , sir . Dobby have hear Dumbledore 's power rival those of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named at the height of his strength . but , sir " -- Dobby 's voice drop to an urgent whisper -- " there be power Dumbledore do n't ... power no decent wizard ... " and before Harry could stop him , Dobby bound off the bed , seize Harry 's desk lamp , and start beat himself around the head with earsplitting yelp . a sudden silence fall downstairs . two second later Harry , heart thud madly , hear Uncle Vernon come into the hall , call , " Dudley must have leave his television on again , the little tyke ! " " quick ! in the closet ! " hiss Harry , stuff Dobby in , shut the door , and fling himself onto the bed just as the door handle turn . " what -- the -- devil -- be -- you -- do ? " say Uncle Vernon through grit tooth , his face horribly close to Harry 's . " you have just ruin the punch line of my Japanese golfer joke . ... one more sound and you will wish you have never be bear , boy ! " he stomp flat-footed from the room . shake , Harry let Dobby out of the closet . " see what it be like here ? " he say . " see why I have get to go back to Hogwarts ? it be the only place I have get -- well , I think I have get friend . " " friend who do n't even write to Harry Potter ? " say Dobby slyly . " I expect they have just be -- wait a minute , " say Harry , frown . " how do you know my friend have n't be write to me ? " Dobby shuffle his foot . " Harry Potter must n't be angry with Dobby . Dobby do it for the good -- " " have you be stop my letter ? " " Dobby have them here , sir , " say the elf . step nimbly out of Harry 's reach , he pull a thick wad of envelope from the inside of the pillowcase he be wear . Harry could make out Hermione 's neat writing , Ron 's untidy scrawl , and even a scribble that look as though it be from the Hogwarts gamekeeper , Hagrid . Dobby blink anxiously up at Harry . " Harry Potter must n't be angry . ... Dobby hope ... if Harry Potter think his friend have forget him ... Harry Potter might not want to go back to school , sir . ... " Harry be n't listen . he make a grab for the letter , but Dobby jump out of reach . " Harry Potter will have them , sir , if he give Dobby his word that he will not return to Hogwarts . ah , sir , this be a danger you must not face ! say you wo n't go back , sir ! " " no , " say Harry angrily . " give me my friend ' letter ! " " then Harry Potter leave Dobby no choice , " say the elf sadly . before Harry could move , Dobby have dart to the bedroom door , pull it open , and sprint down the stair . mouth dry , stomach lurch , Harry spring after him , try not to make a sound . he jump the last six step , land catlike on the hall carpet , look around for Dobby . from the dining room he hear Uncle Vernon say , " ... tell Petunia that very funny story about those American plumber , Mr. Mason . she have be die to hear ... " Harry run up the hall into the kitchen and feel his stomach disappear . aunt Petunia 's masterpiece of a pudding , the mountain of cream and sugared violet , be float up near the ceiling . on top of a cupboard in the corner crouch Dobby . " no , " croak Harry."Please ... they will kill me . ... " " Harry Potter must say he be not go back to school -- " " Dobby ... please ... " " say it , sir -- " " I ca n't -- " Dobby give him a tragic look . " then Dobby must do it , sir , for Harry Potter 's own good . " the pudding fall to the floor with a heart-stopping crash . cream splatter the window and wall as the dish shatter . with a crack like a whip , Dobby vanish . there be scream from the dining room and Uncle Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry , rigid with shock , cover from head to foot in Aunt Petunia 's pudding . at first , it look as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over . ( " just our nephew -- very disturbed -- meeting stranger upset him , so we keep him upstairs . ... " ) he shoo the shocked mason back into the dining room , promise Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons have leave , and hand him a mop . aunt Petunia dig some ice cream out of the freezer and Harry , still shake , start scrub the kitchen clean . Uncle Vernon might still have be able to make his deal -- if it have n't be for the owl . aunt Petunia be just pass around a box of after-dinner mint when a huge barn owl swoop through the dining room window , drop a letter on Mrs. Mason 's head , and swoop out again . Mrs. Mason scream like a banshee and run from the house shout about lunatic . Mr. Mason stay just long enough to tell the Dursley that his wife be mortally afraid of bird of all shape and size , and to ask whether this be their idea of a joke . Harry stand in the kitchen , clutch the mop for support , as Uncle Vernon advance on him , a demonic glint in his tiny eye . " read it ! " he hiss evilly , brandish the letter the owl have deliver . " go on -- read it ! " Harry take it . it do not contain birthday greeting . Dear Mr. Potter , we have receive intelligence that a Hover Charm be use at your place of residence this evening at twelve minute past nine . as you know , underage wizard be not permit to perform spell outside school , and further spellwork on your part may lead to expulsion from say school ( decree for the reasonable restriction of Underage Sorcery , @card@ , Paragraph C ) . we would also ask you to remember that any magical activity that risk notice by member of the non-magical community ( Muggles ) be a serious offense under section @card@ of the International Confederation of Warlocks ' statute of secrecy . enjoy your holiday ! yours sincerely , Mafalda Hopkirk IMPROPER Use of Magic Office Ministry of Magic Harry look up from the letter and gulp . " you do n't tell us you be n't allow to use magic outside school , " say Uncle Vernon , a mad gleam dancing in his eye . " forget to mention it . ... slip your mind , I daresay . ... " he be bear down on Harry like a great bulldog , all his tooth bare . " well , I have get news for you , boy . ... I be lock you up . ... you be never go back to that school ... never ... and if you try and magic yourself out -- they will expel you ! " and laugh like a maniac , he drag Harry back upstairs . Uncle Vernon be as bad as his word . the follow morning , he pay a man to fit bar on Harry 's window . he himself fit a cat-flap in the bedroom door , so that small amount of food could be push inside three time a day . they let Harry out to use the bathroom morning and evening . otherwise , he be lock in his room around the clock . three day later , the Dursley be show no sign of relent , and Harry could n't see any way out of his situation . he lie on his bed watch the sun sink behind the bar on the window and wonder miserably what be go to happen to him . what be the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for do it ? yet life at Privet Drive have reach an all-time low . now that the Dursley know they be n't go to wake up as fruit bat , he have lose his only weapon . Dobby might have save Harry from horrible happening at Hogwarts , but the way thing be go , he will probably starve to death anyway . the cat-flap rattle and Aunt Petunia 's hand appear , push a bowl of canned soup into the room . Harry , whose inside be ache with hunger , jump off his bed and seize it . the soup be stone-cold , but he drink half of it in one gulp . then he cross the room to Hedwig 's cage and tip the soggy vegetable at the bottom of the bowl into her empty food tray . she ruffle her feather and give him a look of deep disgust . " it be no good turn your beak up at it -- that be all we have get , " say Harry grimly . he put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lie back down on the bed , somehow even hungry than he have be before the soup . suppose he be still alive in another four week , what would happen if he do n't turn up at Hogwarts ? would someone be send to see why he have n't come back ? would they be able to make the Dursley let him go ? the room be grow dark . exhaust , stomach rumble , mind spin over the same unanswerable question , Harry fall into an uneasy sleep . he dream that he be on show in a zoo , with a card read UNDERAGE WIZARD attach to his cage . people goggle through the bar at him as he lie , starve and weak , on a bed of straw . he see Dobby 's face in the crowd and shout out , ask for help , but Dobby call , " Harry Potter be safe there , sir ! " and vanish . then the Dursley appear and Dudley rattle the bar of the cage , laugh at him . " stop it , " Harry mutter as the rattle pound in his sore head . " leave me alone ... cut it out ... I be try to sleep . ... " he open his eye . moonlight be shine through the bar on the window . and someone be goggle through the bar at him : a freckle-faced , red-haired , long-nosed someone . Ron Weasley be outside Harry 's window . the Burrow " Ron ! " breathe Harry , creep to the window and push it up so they could talk through the bar . " Ron , how do you -- what the -- ? " Harry 's mouth fall open as the full impact of what he be see hit him . Ron be lean out of the back window of an old turquoise car , which be park in midair . grin at Harry from the front seat be Fred and George , Ron 's elder twin brother . " all right , Harry ? " ask George . " what have be go on ? " say Ron . " why have n't you be answer my letter ? I have ask you to stay about twelve time , and then Dad come home and say you have get an official warning for use magic in front of Muggles -- " " it be n't me -- and how do he know ? " " he work for the Ministry , " say Ron . " you know we be not suppose to do spell outside school -- " " you should talk , " say Harry , stare at the floating car . " oh , this do n't count , " say Ron . " we be only borrow this . it be Dad 's , we do n't enchant it . but do magic in front of those Muggles you live with -- " " I tell you , I do n't -- but it will take too long to explain now -- look , can you tell them at Hogwarts that the Dursley have lock me up and wo n't let me come back , and obviously I ca n't magic myself out , because the Ministry will think that be the second spell I have do in three day , so -- " " Stop gibber , " say Ron . " we have come to take you home with us . " " but you ca n't magic me out either -- " " we do n't need to , " say Ron , jerk his head toward the front seat and grin . " you forget who I have get with me . " " tie that around the bar , " say Fred , throw the end of a rope to Harry . " if the Dursley wake up , I be dead , " say Harry as he tie the rope tightly around a bar and Fred rev up the car . " do n't worry , " say Fred , " and stand back . " Harry move back into the shadow next to Hedwig , who seem to have realize how important this be and keep still and silent . the car rev louder and louder and suddenly , with a crunch noise , the bar be pull clean out of the window as Fred drive straight up in the air . Harry run back to the window to see the bar dangle a few foot above the ground . pant , Ron hoist them up into the car . Harry listen anxiously , but there be no sound from the Dursley ' bedroom . when the bar be safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reverse as close as possible to Harry 's window . " get in , " Ron say . " but all my Hogwarts stuff -- my wand -- my broomstick -- " " where be it ? " " lock in the cupboard under the stair , and I ca n't get out of this room -- " " no problem , " say George from the front passenger seat . " out of the way , Harry . " Fred and George climb catlike through the window into Harry 's room . you have to hand it to them , think Harry , as George take an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and start to pick the lock . " a lot of wizard think it be a waste of time , know this sort of Muggle trick , " say Fred , " but we feel they be skill worth learning , even if they be a bit slow . " there be a small click and the door swing open . " so -- we will get your trunk -- you grab anything you need from your room and hand it out to Ron , " whisper George . " watch out for the bottom stair -- it creak , " Harry whisper back as the twin disappear onto the dark landing . Harry dash around his room , collect his thing and pass them out of the window to Ron . then he go to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the stair . Harry hear Uncle Vernon cough . at last , pant , they reach the landing , then carry the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window . Fred climb back into the car to pull with Ron , and Harry and George push from the bedroom side . inch by inch , the trunk slide through the window . Uncle Vernon cough again . " a bit more , " pant Fred , who be pull from inside the car . " one good push -- " Harry and George throw their shoulder against the trunk and it slide out of the window into the back seat of the car . " okay , let be go , " George whisper . but as Harry climb onto the windowsill there come a sudden loud screech from behind him , follow immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice . " that Ruddy OWL ! " " I have forget Hedwig ! " Harry tear back across the room as the landing light click on -- he snatch up Hedwig 's cage , dash to the window , and pass it out to Ron . he be scramble back onto the chest of drawer when Uncle Vernon hammer on the unlock door -- and it crash open . for a split second , Uncle Vernon stand frame in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dive at Harry , grab him by the ankle . Ron , Fred , and George seize Harry 's arm and pull as hard as they could . " petunia ! " roar Uncle Vernon . " he be get away ! he be GETTING AWAY ! " but the Weasleys give a gigantic tug and Harry 's leg slide out of Uncle Vernon 's grasp -- Harry be in the car -- he have slam the door shut - " put your foot down , Fred ! " yell Ron , and the car shoot suddenly toward the moon . Harry could n't believe it -- he be free . he roll down the window , the night air whip his hair , and look back at the shrink rooftop of Privet Drive . Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and Dudley be all hanging , dumbstruck , out of Harry 's window . " see you next summer ! " Harry yell . the Weasleys roar with laughter and Harry settle back in his seat , grin from ear to ear . " let Hedwig out , " he tell Ron . " she can fly behind us . she have n't have a chance to stretch her wing for age . " George hand the hairpin to Ron and , a moment later , Hedwig soar joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost . " so -- what be the story , Harry ? " say Ron impatiently . " what have be happen ? " Harry tell them all about Dobby , the warning he have give Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding . there be a long , shocked silence when he have finish . " very fishy , " say Fred finally . " definitely dodgy , " agree George . " so he would n't even tell you who be suppose to be plot all this stuff ? " " I do n't think he could , " say Harry . " I tell you , every time he get close to let something slip , he start bang his head against the wall . " he see Fred and George look at each other . " what , you think he be lie to me ? " say Harry . " well , " say Fred , " put it this way -- house-elves have get powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission . I reckon old Dobby be send to stop you come back to Hogwarts . someone 's idea of a joke . can you think of anyone at school with a grudge against you ? " " yes , " say Harry and Ron together , instantly . " Draco Malfoy , " Harry explain . " he hate me . " " Draco Malfoy ? " say George , turn around . " not Lucius Malfoy 's son ? " " must be , it be not a very common name , be it ? " say Harry . " why ? " " I have hear Dad talk about him , " say George . " he be a big supporter of You-Know-Who . " " and when You-Know-Who disappear , " say Fred , crane around to look at Harry , " Lucius Malfoy come back say he have never mean any of it . load of dung -- Dad reckon he be right in You-Know-Who 's inner circle . " Harry have hear these rumor about Malfoy 's family before , and they do n't surprise him at all . Malfoy make Dudley Dursley look like a kind , thoughtful , and sensitive boy . " I do n't know whether the Malfoys own a house-elf . ... " say Harry . " well , whoever own him will be an old wizarding family , and they will be rich , " say Fred . " yeah , Mum be always wish we have a house-elf to do the ironing , " say George . " but all we have get be a lousy old ghoul in the attic and gnome all over the garden . House-elves come with big old manor and castle and place like that ; you would n't catch one in our house . ... " Harry be silent . judge by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually have the good of everything , his family be roll in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strut around a large manor house . send the family servant to stop Harry from go back to Hogwarts also sound exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do . have Harry be stupid to take Dobby seriously ? " I be glad we come to get you , anyway , " say Ron . " I be get really worried when you do n't answer any of my letter . I think it be Errol 's fault at first -- " " who be Errol ? " " our owl . he be ancient . it would n't be the first time he have collapse on a delivery . so then I try to borrow Hermes -- " " who ? " " the owl Mum and Dad buy Percy when he be make prefect , " say Fred from the front . " but Percy would n't lend him to me , " say Ron . " say he need him . " " Percy have be act very oddly this summer , " say George , frown . " and he have be send a lot of letter and spend a load of time shut up in his room . ... I mean , there be only so many time you can polish a prefect badge . ... you be drive too far west , Fred , " he add , point at a compass on the dashboard . Fred twiddle the steering wheel . " so , do your dad know you have get the car ? " say Harry , guess the answer . " er , no , " say Ron , " he have to work tonight . hopefully we will be able to get it back in the garage without Mum notice we fly it . " " what do your dad do at the Ministry of Magic , anyway ? " " he work in the most boring department , " say Ron . " the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office . " " the what ? " " it be all to do with bewitch thing that be Muggle-made , you know , in case they end up back in a Muggle shop or house . like , last year , some old witch die and her tea set be sell to an antique shop . this Muggle woman buy it , take it home , and try to serve her friend tea in it . it be a nightmare -- Dad be work overtime for week . " " what happen ? " " the teapot go berserk and squirt boiling tea all over the place and one man end up in the hospital with the sugar tong clamp to his nose . Dad be go frantic -- it be only him and an old warlock call Perkins in the office -- and they have to do Memory Charms and all sort of stuff to cover it up -- " " but your dad -- this car -- " Fred laugh . " yeah , Dad be crazy about everything to do with Muggles ; our shed be full of Muggle stuff . he take it apart , put spell on it , and put it back together again . if he raid our house he will have to put himself under arrest . it drive Mum mad . " " that be the main road , " say George , peer down through the windshield . " we will be there in ten minute . ... just as well , it be get light . ... " a faint pinkish glow be visible along the horizon to the east . Fred bring the car lower , and Harry see a dark patchwork of field and clump of tree . " we be a little way outside the village , " say George . " Ottery St. Catchpole . " low and low go the fly car . the edge of a brilliant red sun be now gleam through the tree . " touchdown ! " say Fred as , with a slight bump , they hit the ground . they have land next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard , and Harry look out for the first time at Ron 's house . it look as though it have once be a large stone pigpen , but extra room have be add here and there until it be several story high and so crook it look as though it be hold up by magic ( which , Harry remind himself , it probably be ) . four or five chimney be perch on top of the red roof . a lopsided sign stick in the ground near the entrance read , the Burrow . around the front door lie a jumble of rubber boot and a very rusty cauldron . several fat brown chicken be peck their way around the yard . " it be not much , " say Ron . " it be wonderful , " say Harry happily , think of Privet Drive . they get out of the car . " now , we will go upstairs really quietly , " say Fred , " and wait for Mum to call us for breakfast . then , Ron , you come bound downstairs go , ' Mum , look who turn up in the night ! ' and she will be all please to see Harry and no one need ever know we fly the car . " " right , " say Ron . " come on , Harry , I sleep at the -- at the top -- " Ron have go a nasty greenish color , his eye fix on the house . the other three wheel around . Mrs. Weasley be march across the yard , scatter chicken , and for a short , plump , kind-faced woman , it be remarkable how much she look like a saber-toothed tiger . " ah , " say Fred . " oh , dear , " say George . Mrs. Weasley come to a halt in front of them , her hand on her hip , stare from one guilty face to the next . she be wear a flowered apron with a wand stick out of the pocket . " so , " she say . " ' Morning , Mum , " say George , in what he clearly think be a jaunty , winning voice . " have you any idea how worried I have be ? " say Mrs. Weasley in a deadly whisper . " sorry , Mum , but see , we have to -- " all three of Mrs. Weasley 's son be tall than she be , but they cower as her rage break over them . " bed empty ! no note ! car go -- could have crash -- out of my mind with worry -- do you care ? -- never , as long as I have live -- you wait until your father get home , we never have trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy -- " " Perfect Percy , " mutter Fred . " you COULD do WITH TAKING A Leaf Out of Percy 's book ! " yell Mrs. Weasley , prod a finger in Fred 's chest . " you could have die , you could have be see , you could have lose your father his job -- " it seem to go on for hour . Mrs. Weasley have shout herself hoarse before she turn on Harry , who back away . " I be very please to see you , Harry , dear , " she say . " come in and have some breakfast . " she turn and walk back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nod encouragingly , follow her . the kitchen be small and rather cramped . there be a scrub wooden table and chair in the middle , and Harry sit down on the edge of his seat , look around . he have never be in a wizard house before . the clock on the wall opposite him have only one hand and no number at all . write around the edge be thing like Time to make tea , time to feed the chicken , and you be late . book be stack three deep on the mantelpiece , book with title like Charm your Own Cheese , enchantment in Baking , and one minute feast -- it be Magic ! and unless Harry 's ear be deceive him , the old radio next to the sink have just announce that come up be " Witching Hour , with the popular singing sorceress , Celestina Warbeck . " Mrs. Weasley be clatter around , cook breakfast a little haphazardly , throw dirty look at her son as she throw sausage into the fry pan . every now and then she mutter thing like " do n't know what you be think of , " and " never would have believe it . " " I do n't blame you , dear , " she assure Harry , tip eight or nine sausage onto his plate . " Arthur and I have be worry about you , too . just last night we be say we will come and get you ourselves if you have n't write back to Ron by Friday . but really " ( she be now add three fried egg to his plate ) , " fly an illegal car halfway across the country -- anyone could have see you -- " she flick her wand casually at the dish in the sink , which begin to clean themselves , clink gently in the background . " it be cloudy , Mum ! " say Fred . " you keep your mouth close while you be eat ! " Mrs. Weasley snap . " they be starve him , Mum ! " say George . " and you ! " say Mrs. Weasley , but it be with a slightly soften expression that she start cut Harry bread and butter it for him . at that moment there be a diversion in the form of a small , redheaded figure in a long nightdress , who appear in the kitchen , give a small squeal , and run out again . " Ginny , " say Ron in an undertone to Harry . " my sister . she have be talk about you all summer . " " yeah , she will be want your autograph , Harry , " Fred say with a grin , but he catch his mother 's eye and bend his face over his plate without another word . nothing more be say until all four plate be clean , which take a surprisingly short time . " Blimey , I be tired , " yawn Fred , set down his knife and fork at last . " I think I will go to bed and -- " " you will not , " snap Mrs. Weasley . " it be your own fault you have be up all night . you be go to de-gnome the garden for me ; they be get completely out of hand again -- " " oh , Mum -- " " and you two , " she say , glare at Ron and Fred . " you can go up to bed , dear , " she add to Harry . " you do n't ask them to fly that wretched car -- " but Harry , who feel wide awake , say quickly , " I will help Ron . I have never see a de-gnoming -- " " that be very sweet of you , dear , but it be dull work , " say Mrs. Weasley . " now , let be see what Lockhart be get to say on the subject -- " and she pull a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece . George groan . " mum , we know how to de-gnome a garden -- " Harry look at the cover of Mrs. Weasley 's book . write across it in fancy gold letter be the word Gilderoy Lockhart 's Guide to Household Pests . there be a big photograph on the front of a very good-looking wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eye . as always in the wizarding world , the photograph be move ; the wizard , who Harry suppose be Gilderoy Lockhart , keep wink cheekily up at them all . Mrs. Weasley beam down at him . " oh , he be marvelous , " she say . " he know his household pest , all right , it be a wonderful book . ... " " Mum fancy him , " say Fred , in a very audible whisper . " do n't be so ridiculous , Fred , " say Mrs. Weasley , her cheek rather pink . " all right , if you think you know good than Lockhart , you can go and get on with it , and woe betide you if there be a single gnome in that garden when I come out to inspect it . " yawn and grumble , the Weasleys slouch outside with Harry behind them . the garden be large , and in Harry 's eye , exactly what a garden should be . the Dursley would n't have like it -- there be plenty of weed , and the grass need cut -- but there be gnarled tree all around the wall , plant Harry have never see spill from every flower bed , and a big green pond full of frog . " Muggles have garden gnome , too , you know , " Harry tell Ron as they cross the lawn . " yeah , I have see those thing they think be gnome , " say Ron , bend double with his head in a peony bush , " like fat little Santa clause with fishing rod . ... " there be a violent scuffle noise , the peony bush shudder , and Ron straighten up . " this be a gnome , " he say grimly . " Gerroff me ! Gerroff me ! " squeal the gnome . it be certainly nothing like Santa Claus . it be small and leathery look , with a large , knobby , bald head exactly like a potato . Ron hold it at arm 's length as it kick out at him with its horny little foot ; he grasp it around the ankle and turn it upside down . " this be what you have to do , " he say . he raise the gnome above his head ( " Gerroff me ! " ) and start to swing it in great circle like a lasso . see the shocked look on Harry 's face , Ron add , " it do n't hurt them -- you have just get to make them really dizzy so they ca n't find their way back to the gnomeholes . " he let go of the gnome 's ankle : it fly twenty foot into the air and land with a thud in the field over the hedge . " pitiful , " say Fred . " I bet I can get mine beyond that stump . " Harry learn quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnome . he decide just to drop the first one he catch over the hedge , but the gnome , sense weakness , sink its razor-sharp tooth into Harry 's finger and he have a hard job shake it off -- until - " Wow , Harry -- that must have be fifty foot . ... " the air be soon thick with fly gnome . " see , they be not too bright , " say George , seize five or six gnome at once . " the moment they know the de-gnoming be go on they storm up to have a look . you will think they will have learn by now just to stay put . " soon , the crowd of gnome in the field start walk away in a straggle line , their little shoulder hunch . " they will be back , " say Ron as they watch the gnome disappear into the hedge on the other side of the field . " they love it here . ... Dad 's too soft with them ; he think they be funny . ... " just then , the front door slam . " he be back ! " say George . " Dad 's home ! " they hurry through the garden and back into the house . Mr. Weasley be slump in a kitchen chair with his glass off and his eye close . he be a thin man , go bald , but the little hair he have be as red as any of his child 's . he be wear long green robe , which be dusty and travel-worn . " what a night , " he mumble , grope for the teapot as they all sit down around him . " nine raid . nine ! and old Mundungus Fletcher try to put a hex on me when I have my back turn . ... " Mr. Weasley take a long gulp of tea and sigh . " find anything , Dad ? " say Fred eagerly . " all I get be a few shrink door key and a biting kettle , " yawn Mr. Weasley . " there be some pretty nasty stuff that be n't my department , though . Mortlake be take away for question about some extremely odd ferret , but that be the Committee on Experimental Charms , thank goodness . ... " " why would anyone bother make door key shrink ? " say George . " just Muggle-baiting , " sigh Mr. Weasley . " sell them a key that keep shrink to nothing so they can never find it when they need it . ... of course , it be very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keep shrink -- they will insist they just keep lose it . bless them , they will go to any length to ignore magic , even if it be stare them in the face . ... but the thing our lot have take to enchant , you would n't believe -- " " Like CARS , for Instance ? " Mrs. Weasley have appear , hold a long poker like a sword . Mr. Weasley 's eye jerk open . he stare guiltily at his wife . " C-cars , Molly , dear ? " " yes , Arthur , car , " say Mrs. Weasley , her eye flash . " imagine a wizard buy a rusty old car and tell his wife all he want to do with it be take it apart to see how it work , while really he be enchant it to make it fly . " Mr. Weasley blink . " well , dear , I think you will find that he would be quite within the law to do that , even if -- er -- he maybe would have do well to , um , tell his wife the truth . ... there be a loophole in the law , you will find . ... as long as he be n't intend to fly the car , the fact that the car could fly would n't -- " " Arthur Weasley , you make sure there be a loophole when you write that law ! " shout Mrs. Weasley . " just so you could carry on tinker with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed ! and for your information , Harry arrive this morning in the car you be n't intend to fly ! " " Harry ? " say Mr. Weasley blankly . " harry who ? " he look around , see Harry , and jump . " good lord , be it Harry Potter ? very please to meet you , Ron 's tell us so much about -- " " your son fly that car to Harry 's house and back last night ! " shout Mrs. Weasley . " what have you get to say about that , eh ? " " do you really ? " say Mr. Weasley eagerly . " do it go all right ? I -- I mean , " he falter as spark fly from Mrs. Weasley 's eye , " that -- that be very wrong , boy -- very wrong indeed . ... " " let be leave them to it , " Ron mutter to Harry as Mrs. Weasley swell like a bullfrog . " come on , I will show you my bedroom . " they slip out of the kitchen and down a narrow passageway to an uneven staircase , which wind its way , zigzag up through the house . on the third landing , a door stand ajar . Harry just catch sight of a pair of bright brown eye stare at him before it close with a snap . " Ginny , " say Ron . " you do n't know how weird it be for her to be this shy . she never shut up normally -- " they climb two more flight until they reach a door with peel paint and a small plaque on it , say Ronald 's Room . Harry step in , his head almost touch the sloping ceiling , and blink . it be like walk into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seem to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the wall , even the ceiling . then Harry realize that Ron have cover nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with poster of the same seven witch and wizard , all wear bright orange robe , carry broomstick , and wave energetically . " your Quidditch team ? " say Harry . " the Chudley Cannons , " say Ron , point at the orange bedspread , which be emblazon with two giant black C 's and a speeding cannonball . " ninth in the league . " Ron 's school spellbooks be stack untidily in a corner , next to a pile of comic that all seem to feature the Adventures of Martin Miggs , the Mad Muggle . Ron 's magic wand be lie on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the windowsill , next to his fat gray rat , Scabbers , who be snooze in a patch of sun . Harry step over a pack of Self-Shuffling play card on the floor and look out of the tiny window . in the field far below he could see a gang of gnome sneak one by one back through the Weasleys ' hedge . then he turn to look at Ron , who be watch him almost nervously , as though wait for his opinion . " it be a bit small , " say Ron quickly . " not like that room you have with the Muggles . and I be right underneath the ghoul in the attic ; he be always bang on the pipe and groan . ... " but Harry , grin widely , say , " this be the good house I have ever be in . " Ron 's ear go pink . at Flourish and Blotts Life at the Burrow be as different as possible from life on Privet Drive . the Dursley like everything neat and order ; the Weasleys ' house burst with the strange and unexpected . Harry get a shock the first time he look in the mirror over the kitchen mantelpiece and it shout , " Tuck your shirt in , scruffy ! " the ghoul in the attic howl and drop pipe whenever he feel thing be get too quiet , and small explosion from Fred and George 's bedroom be consider perfectly normal . what Harry find most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , be n't the talk mirror or the clank ghoul : it be the fact that everybody there seem to like him . Mrs. Weasley fuss over the state of his sock and try to force him to eat fourth helping at every meal . Mr. Weasley like Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with question about life with Muggles , ask him to explain how thing like plug and the postal service work . " fascinating ! " he would say as Harry talk him through use a telephone . " ingenious , really , how many way Muggles have find of get along without magic . " Harry hear from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he have arrive at the Burrow . he and Ron go down to breakfast to find Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny already sit at the kitchen table . the moment she see Harry , Ginny accidentally knock her porridge bowl to the floor with a loud clatter . Ginny seem very prone to knock thing over whenever Harry enter a room . she dive under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerge with her face glow like the set sun . pretend he have n't notice this , Harry sit down and take the toast Mrs. Weasley offer him . " letter from school , " say Mr. Weasley , pass Harry and Ron identical envelope of yellowish parchment , address in green ink . " Dumbledore already know you be here , Harry -- do n't miss a trick , that man . you two have get them , too , " he add , as Fred and George amble in , still in their pajamas . for a few minute there be silence as they all read their letter . Harry 's tell him to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King 's Cross station on September first . there be also a list of the new book he will need for the come year . second-year STUDENTS Will REQUIRE : the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ by Miranda Goshawk break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart Fred , who have finish his own list , peer over at Harry 's . " you have be tell to get all Lockhart 's book , too ! " he say . " the new defense against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan -- bet it be a witch . " at this point , Fred catch his mother 's eye and quickly busy himself with the marmalade . " that lot wo n't come cheap , " say George , with a quick look at his parent . " Lockhart 's book be really expensive . ... " " well , we will manage , " say Mrs. Weasley , but she look worried . " I expect we will be able to pick up a lot of Ginny 's thing secondhand . " " oh , be you start at Hogwarts this year ? " Harry ask Ginny . she nod , blush to the root of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish . fortunately no one see this except Harry , because just then Ron 's elder brother Percy walk in . he be already dress , his Hogwarts prefect badge pin to his sweater vest . " morning , all , " say Percy briskly . " lovely day . " he sit down in the only remain chair but leap up again almost immediately , pull from underneath him a molt , gray feather duster -- at least , that be what Harry think it be , until he see that it be breathe . " Errol ! " say Ron , take the limp owl from Percy and extract a letter from under its wing . " finally -- he have get Hermione 's answer . I write to her say we be go to try and rescue you from the Dursley . " he carry Errol to a perch just inside the back door and try to stand him on it , but Errol flop straight off again so Ron lay him on the drain board instead , mutter , " Pathetic . " then he rip open Hermione 's letter and read it out loud : " ' Dear Ron , and Harry if you be there , " ' I hope everything go all right and that Harry be okay and that you do n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too . I have be really worry and if Harry be all right , will you please let me know at once , but perhaps it would be good if you use a different owl , because I think another delivery might finish your one off . " ' I be very busy with schoolwork , of course ' -- how can she be ? " say Ron in horror . " we be on vacation ! -- ' and we be go to London next Wednesday to buy my new book . why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ? " ' let me know what be happen as soon as you can . love from Hermione . ' " " well , that fit in nicely , we can go and get all your thing then , too , " say Mrs. Weasley , start to clear the table . " what be you all up to today ? " Harry , Ron , Fred , and George be plan to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys own . it be surround by tree that block it from view of the village below , mean that they could practice Quidditch there , as long as they do n't fly too high . they could n't use real Quidditch ball , which would have be hard to explain if they have escape and flow away over the village ; instead they throw apple for one another to catch . they take turn ride Harry 's Nimbus Two Thousand , which be easily the good broom ; Ron 's old Shooting Star be often outstrip by pass butterfly . five minute later they be march up the hill , broomstick over their shoulder . they have ask Percy if he want to join them , but he have say he be busy . Harry have only see Percy at mealtime so far ; he stay shut in his room the rest of the time . " wish I know what he be up to , " say Fred , frown . " he be not himself . his exam result come the day before you do ; twelve O.W.L.s and he hardly gloat at all . " " ordinary Wizarding Levels , " George explain , see Harry 's puzzle look . " Bill get twelve , too . if we be not careful , we will have another Head Boy in the family . I do n't think I could stand the shame . " bill be the old Weasley brother . he and the next brother , Charlie , have already leave Hogwarts . Harry have never meet either of them , but know that Charlie be in Romania study dragon and Bill in Egypt work for the wizard 's bank , Gringotts . " dunno how Mum and Dad be go to afford all our school stuff this year , " say George after a while . " five set of Lockhart book ! and Ginny need robe and a wand and everything . ... " Harry say nothing . he feel a bit awkward . store in an underground vault at Gringotts in London be a small fortune that his parent have leave him . of course , it be only in the wizarding world that he have money ; you could n't use Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts in Muggle shop . he have never mention his Gringotts bank account to the Dursley ; he do n't think their horror of anything connect with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold . Mrs. Weasley wake them all early the follow Wednesday . after a quick half a dozen bacon sandwich each , they pull on their coat and Mrs. Weasley take a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peer inside . " we be run low , Arthur , " she sigh . " we will have to buy some more today . ... ah well , guest first ! after you , Harry dear ! " and she offer him the flowerpot . Harry stare at them all watch him . " W-what be I suppose to do ? " he stammer . " he be never travel by Floo powder , " say Ron suddenly . " sorry , Harry , I forget . " " never ? " say Mr. Weasley . " but how do you get to Diagon Alley to buy your school thing last year ? " " I go on the underground -- " " really ? " say Mr. Weasley eagerly . " be there escapators ? how exactly -- " " not now , Arthur , " say Mrs. Weasley . " Floo powder be a lot quicker , dear , but goodness me , if you have never use it before -- " " he will be all right , Mum , " say Fred . " Harry , watch us first . " he take a pinch of glitter powder out of the flowerpot , step up to the fire , and throw the powder into the flame . with a roar , the fire turn emerald green and rise high than Fred , who step right into it , shout , " Diagon Alley ! " and vanish . " you must speak clearly , dear , " Mrs. Weasley tell Harry as George dip his hand into the flowerpot . " and be sure to get out at the right grate . ... " " the right what ? " say Harry nervously as the fire roar and whip George out of sight , too . " well , there be an awful lot of wizard fire to choose from , you know , but as long as you have speak clearly -- " " he will be fine , Molly , do n't fuss , " say Mr. Weasley , help himself to Floo powder , too . " but , dear , if he get lose , how would we ever explain to his aunt and uncle ? " " they would n't mind , " Harry reassure her . " Dudley would think it be a brilliant joke if I get lose up a chimney , do n't worry about that -- " " well ... all right ... you go after Arthur , " say Mrs. Weasley . " now , when you get into the fire , say where you be go -- " " and keep your elbow tuck in , " Ron advise . " and your eye shut , " say Mrs. Weasley . " the soot -- " " do n't fidget , " say Ron . " or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace -- " " but do n't panic and get out too early ; wait until you see Fred and George . " try hard to bear all this in mind , Harry take a pinch of Floo powder and walk to the edge of the fire . he take a deep breath , scatter the powder into the flame , and step forward ; the fire feel like a warm breeze ; he open his mouth and immediately swallow a lot of hot ash . " D-Dia-gon Alley , " he cough . it feel as though he be be suck down a giant drain . he seem to be spin very fast -- the roaring in his ear be deafen -- he try to keep his eye open but the whirl of green flame make him feel sick -- something hard knock his elbow and he tuck it in tightly , still spin and spin -- now it feel as though cold hand be slap his face -- squint through his glass he see a blur stream of fireplace and snatch glimpse of the room beyond -- his bacon sandwich be churn inside him -- he close his eye again wish it would stop , and then - he fall , face forward , onto cold stone and feel the bridge of his glass snap . dizzy and bruise , cover in soot , he get gingerly to his foot , hold his break glass up to his eye . he be quite alone , but where he be , he have no idea . all he could tell be that he be stand in the stone fireplace of what look like a large , dimly light wizard 's shop -- but nothing in here be ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list . a glass case nearby hold a wither hand on a cushion , a bloodstained pack of card , and a stare glass eye . evil-looking mask stare down from the wall , an assortment of human bone lie upon the counter , and rusty , spiked instrument hang from the ceiling . even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window be definitely not Diagon Alley . the sooner he get out of here , the well . nose still stinging where it have hit the hearth , Harry make his way swiftly and silently toward the door , but before he have get halfway toward it , two people appear on the other side of the glass -- and one of them be the very last person Harry want to meet when he be lose , cover in soot , and wear break glass : Draco Malfoy . Harry look quickly around and spot a large black cabinet to his left ; he shoot inside it and pull the door close , leave a small crack to peer through . second later , a bell clang , and Malfoy step into the shop . the man who follow could only be Draco 's father . he have the same pale , point face and identical cold , gray eye . Mr. Malfoy cross the shop , look lazily at the item on display , and ring a bell on the counter before turn to his son and say , " Touch nothing , Draco . " Malfoy , who have reach for the glass eye , say , " I think you be go to buy me a present . " " I say I would buy you a racing broom , " say his father , drum his finger on the counter . " what be the good of that if I be not on the House team ? " say Malfoy , look sulky and bad-tempered . " Harry Potter get a Nimbus Two Thousand last year . special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor . he be not even that good , it be just because he be famous ... famous for have a stupid scar on his forehead . ... " Malfoy bend down to examine a shelf full of skull . " ... everyone think he be so smart , wonderful Potter with his scar and his broomstick -- " " you have tell me this at least a dozen time already , " say Mr. Malfoy , with a quell look at his son . " and I would remind you that it be not -- prudent -- to appear less than fond of Harry Potter , not when most of our kind regard him as the hero who make the Dark Lord disappear -- ah , Mr. Borgin . " a stoop man have appear behind the counter , smooth his greasy hair back from his face . " Mr. Malfoy , what a pleasure to see you again , " say Mr. Borgin in a voice as oily as his hair . " delighted -- and young Master Malfoy , too -- charm . how may I be of assistance ? I must show you , just in today , and very reasonably price -- " " I be not buy today , Mr. Borgin , but sell , " say Mr. Malfoy . " sell ? " the smile fade slightly from Mr. Borgin 's face . " you have hear , of course , that the Ministry be conduct more raid , " say Mr. Malfoy , take a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravel it for Mr. Borgin to read . " I have a few -- ah -- item at home that might embarrass me , if the Ministry be to call . ... " Mr. Borgin fix a pair of pince-nez to his nose and look down the list . " the Ministry would n't presume to trouble you , sir , surely ? " Mr. Malfoy 's lip curl . " I have not be visit yet . the name Malfoy still command a certain respect , yet the Ministry grow ever more meddlesome . there be rumor about a new Muggle Protection Act -- no doubt that flea-bitten , Muggle-loving fool Arthur Weasley be behind it -- " Harry feel a hot surge of anger . " - and as you see , certain of these poison might make it appear -- " " I understand , sir , of course , " say Mr. Borgin . " let me see ... " " can I have that ? " interrupted Draco , point at the wither hand on its cushion . " ah , the Hand of Glory ! " say Mr. Borgin , abandon Mr. Malfoy 's list and scurry over to Draco . " insert a candle and it give light only to the holder ! good friend of thief and plunderer ! your son have fine taste , sir . " " I hope my son will amount to more than a thief or a plunderer , Borgin , " say Mr. Malfoy coldly , and Mr. Borgin say quickly , " no offense , sir , no offense mean -- " " Though if his grade do n't pick up , " say Mr. Malfoy , more coldly still , " that may indeed be all he be fit for -- " " it be not my fault , " retort Draco . " the teacher all have favorite , that Hermione Granger -- " " I would have think you will be ashamed that a girl of no wizard family beat you in every exam , " snap Mr. Malfoy . " Ha ! " say Harry under his breath , please to see Draco look both abash and angry . " it be the same all over , " say Mr. Borgin , in his oily voice . " wizard blood be count for less everywhere -- " " not with me , " say Mr. Malfoy , his long nostril flare . " no , sir , nor with me , sir , " say Mr. Borgin , with a deep bow . " in that case , perhaps we can return to my list , " say Mr. Malfoy shortly . " I be in something of a hurry , Borgin , I have important business elsewhere today -- " they start to haggle . Harry watch nervously as Draco draw near and near to his hiding place , examine the object for sale . Draco pause to examine a long coil of hangman 's rope and to read , smirk , the card prop on a magnificent necklace of opal , caution : do not Touch . curse -- have claim the life of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date . Draco turn away and see the cabinet right in front of him . he walk forward -- he stretch out his hand for the handle - " Done , " say Mr. Malfoy at the counter . " come , Draco -- " Harry wipe his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turn away . " good day to you , Mr. Borgin . I will expect you at the manor tomorrow to pick up the good . " the moment the door have close , Mr. Borgin drop his oily manner . " good day yourself , Mister Malfoy , and if the story be true , you have n't sell me half of what be hide in your manor . ... " Muttering darkly , Mr. Borgin disappear into a back room . Harry wait for a minute in case he come back , then , quietly as he could , slip out of the cabinet , past the glass case , and out of the shop door . clutch his break glass to his face , Harry stare around . he have emerge into a dingy alleyway that seem to be make up entirely of shop devote to the dark art . the one he have just leave , Borgin and Burkes , look like the large , but opposite be a nasty window display of shrunken head and , two door down , a large cage be alive with gigantic black spider . two shabby-looking wizard be watch him from the shadow of a doorway , mutter to each other . feel jumpy , Harry set off , try to hold his glass on straight and hope against hope he will be able to find a way out of here . an old wooden street sign hang over a shop sell poisonous candle tell him he be in Knockturn Alley . this do n't help , as Harry have never hear of such a place . he suppose he have n't speak clearly enough through his mouthful of ash back in the Weasleys ' fire . try to stay calm , he wonder what to do . " not lose be you , my dear ? " say a voice in his ear , make him jump . an age witch stand in front of him , hold a tray of what look horribly like whole human fingernail . she leer at him , show mossy tooth . Harry back away . " I be fine , thanks , " he say . " I be just -- " " Harry ! what d'yeh think yer doin ' down there ? " Harry 's heart leap . so do the witch ; a load of fingernail cascade down over her foot and she curse as the massive form of Hagrid , the Hogwarts gamekeeper , come stride toward them , beetle-black eye flash over his great bristle beard . " Hagrid ! " Harry croak in relief . " I be lose -- Floo powder -- " Hagrid seize Harry by the scruff of the neck and pull him away from the witch , knock the tray right out of her hand . her shriek follow them all the way along the twist alleyway out into bright sunlight . Harry see a familiar , snow-white marble building in the distance -- Gringotts Bank . Hagrid have steer him right into Diagon Alley . " Yer a mess ! " say Hagrid gruffly , brush soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knock him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary . " Skulkin ' around Knockturn Alley , I dunno -- dodgy place , Harry -- don ' want no one ter see yeh down there -- " " I realize that , " say Harry , duck as Hagrid make to brush him off again . " I tell you , I be lose -- what be you do down there , anyway ? " " I be lookin ' fer a Flesh-Eatin ' Slug Repellent , " growl Hagrid . " they be ruinin ' the school cabbage . Yer not on yer own ? " " I be stay with the Weasleys but we get separate , " Harry explain . " I have get to go and find them . ... " they set off together down the street . " how come yeh never write back ter me ? " say Hagrid as Harry jog alongside him ( he have to take three step to every stride of Hagrid 's enormous boot ) . Harry explain all about Dobby and the Dursley . " lousy Muggles , " growl Hagrid . " if I will have know -- " " Harry ! Harry ! over here ! " Harry look up and see Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of step to Gringotts . she run down to meet them , her bushy brown hair fly behind her . " what happen to your glass ? hello , Hagrid -- oh , it be wonderful to see you two again -- be you come into Gringotts , Harry ? " " as soon as I have find the Weasleys , " say Harry . " Yeh wo n't have long ter wait , " Hagrid say with a grin . Harry and Hermione look around : sprint up the crowded street be Ron , Fred , George , Percy , and Mr. Weasley . " Harry , " Mr. Weasley pant . " we hope you have only go one grate too far . ... " he mop his glisten bald patch . " Molly 's frantic -- she be come now -- " " where do you come out ? " Ron ask . " Knockturn Alley , " say Hagrid grimly . " excellent ! " say Fred and George together . " we have never be allow in , " say Ron enviously . " I should ruddy well think not , " growl Hagrid . Mrs. Weasley now come gallop into view , her handbag swing wildly in one hand , Ginny just cling onto the other . " oh , Harry -- oh , my dear -- you could have be anywhere -- " Gasping for breath she pull a large clothes brush out of her bag and begin sweep off the soot Hagrid have n't manage to beat away . Mr. Weasley take Harry 's glass , give them a tap of his wand , and return them , good as new . " well , gotta be off , " say Hagrid , who be have his hand wring by Mrs. Weasley ( " Knockturn Alley ! if you have n't find him , Hagrid ! " ) . " see yer at Hogwarts ! " and he stride away , head and shoulder tall than anyone else in the packed street . " guess who I see in Borgin and Burkes ? " Harry ask Ron and Hermione as they climb the Gringotts step . " Malfoy and his father . " " do Lucius Malfoy buy anything ? " say Mr. Weasley sharply behind them . " no , he be sell -- " " so he be worried , " say Mr. Weasley with grim satisfaction . " oh , I will love to get Lucius Malfoy for something . ... " " you be careful , Arthur , " say Mrs. Weasley sharply as they be bow into the bank by a goblin at the door . " that family 's trouble . do n't go bite off more than you can chew -- " " so you do n't think I be a match for Lucius Malfoy ? " say Mr. Weasley indignantly , but he be distract almost at once by the sight of Hermione 's parent , who be stand nervously at the counter that run all along the great marble hall , wait for Hermione to introduce them . " but you be Muggles ! " say Mr. Weasley delightedly . " we must have a drink ! what be that you have get there ? oh , you be change Muggle money . Molly , look ! " he point excitedly at the ten-pound note in Mr. Granger 's hand . " meet you back here , " Ron say to Hermione as the Weasleys and Harry be lead off to their underground vault by another Gringotts goblin . the vault be reach by mean of small , goblin-driven cart that speed along minature train track through the bank 's underground tunnel . Harry enjoy the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys ' vault , but feel dreadful , far bad than he have in Knock-turn Alley , when it be open . there be a very small pile of silver Sickles inside , and just one gold Galleon . Mrs. Weasley feel right into the corner before sweep the whole lot into her bag . Harry feel even bad when they reach his vault . he try to block the content from view as he hastily shove handful of coin into a leather bag . back outside on the marble step , they all separate . Percy mutter vaguely about need a new quill . Fred and George have spot their friend from Hogwarts , Lee Jordan . Mrs. Weasley and Ginny be go to a secondhand robe shop . Mr. Weasley be insist on take the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink . " we will all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an hour to buy your schoolbook , " say Mrs. Weasley , set off with Ginny . " and not one step down Knockturn Alley ! " she shout at the twin ' retreat back . Harry , Ron , and Hermione stroll off along the winding , cobble street . the bag of gold , silver , and bronze jangle cheerfully in Harry 's pocket be clamor to be spend , so he buy three large strawberry-and-peanut-butter ice cream , which they slurp happily as they wander up the alley , examine the fascinating shop window . Ron gaze longingly at a full set of Chudley Cannon robe in the window of Quality Quidditch Supplies until Hermione drag them off to buy ink and parchment next door . in Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop , they meet Fred , George , and Lee Jordan , who be stock up on Dr. Filibuster 's Fabulous Wet-Start , No-Heat Fireworks , and in a tiny junk shop full of break wand , lopsided brass scale , and old cloak cover in potion stain they find Percy , deeply immerse in a small and deeply boring book call Prefects who Gained Power . " a study of Hogwarts prefect and their late career , " Ron read aloud off the back cover . " that sound fascinating . ... " " go away , " Percy snap . " ' Course , he be very ambitious , Percy , he have get it all plan out . ... he want to be Minister of Magic ... " Ron tell Harry and Hermione in an undertone as they leave Percy to it . an hour later , they head for Flourish and Blotts . they be by no mean the only one make their way to the bookshop . as they approach it , they see to their surprise a large crowd jostle outside the door , try to get in . the reason for this be proclaim by a large banner stretch across the upper window : GILDEROY Lockhart will be sign copy of his autobiography magical ME today @card@ p.m. to @card@ p.m. " we can actually meet him ! " Hermione squeal . " I mean , he be write almost the whole booklist ! " the crowd seem to be make up mostly of witch around Mrs. Weasley 's age . a harassed-looking wizard stand at the door , say , " Calmly , please , lady . ... do n't push , there ... mind the book , now . ... " Harry , Ron , and Hermione squeeze inside . a long line wind right to the back of the shop , where Gilderoy Lockhart be sign his book . they each grab a copy of the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ and sneak up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys be stand with Mr. and Mrs. Granger . " oh , there you be , good , " say Mrs. Weasley . she sound breathless and keep pat her hair . " we will be able to see him in a minute . ... " Gilderoy Lockhart come slowly into view , seat at a table surround by large picture of his own face , all wink and flash dazzlingly white tooth at the crowd . the real Lockhart be wear robe of forget-me-not blue that exactly match his eye ; his pointed wizard 's hat be set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair . a short , irritable-looking man be dance around take photograph with a large black camera that emit puff of purple smoke with every blinding flash . " out of the way , there , " he snarl at Ron , move back to get a good shot . " this be for the Daily Prophet -- " " big deal , " say Ron , rub his foot where the photographer have step on it . Gilderoy Lockhart hear him . he look up . he see Ron -- and then he see Harry . he stare . then he leap to his foot and positively shout , " it ca n't be Harry Potter ? " the crowd part , whisper excitedly ; Lockhart dive forward , seize Harry 's arm , and pull him to the front . the crowd burst into applause . Harry 's face burn as Lockhart shake his hand for the photographer , who be click away madly , waft thick smoke over the Weasleys . " nice big smile , Harry , " say Lockhart , through his own gleam tooth . " together , you and I be worth the front page . " when he finally let go of Harry 's hand , Harry could hardly feel his finger . he try to sidle back over to the Weasleys , but Lockhart throw an arm around his shoulder and clamp him tightly to his side . " lady and gentleman , " he say loudly , wave for quiet . " what an extraordinary moment this be ! the perfect moment for me to make a little announcement I have be sit on for some time ! " when young Harry here step into Flourish and Blotts today , he only want to buy my autobiography -- which I shall be happy to present him now , free of charge -- " the crowd applaud again . " he have no idea , " Lockhart continue , give Harry a little shake that make his glass slip to the end of his nose , " that he would shortly be get much , much more than my book , Magical Me . he and his schoolmate will , in fact , be get the real magical me . yes , lady and gentleman , I have great pleasure and pride in announce that this September , I will be take up the post of Defense against the Dark Art teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry ! " the crowd cheer and clap and Harry find himself be present with the entire work of Gilderoy Lockhart . stagger slightly under their weight , he manage to make his way out of the limelight to the edge of the room , where Ginny be stand next to her new cauldron . " you have these , " Harry mumble to her , tip the book into the cauldron . " I will buy my own -- " " Bet you love that , do n't you , Potter ? " say a voice Harry have no trouble recognize . he straighten up and find himself face-to-face with Draco Malfoy , who be wear his usual sneer . " Famous Harry Potter , " say Malfoy . " can n't even go into a bookshop without make the front page . " " leave him alone , he do n't want all that ! " say Ginny . it be the first time she have speak in front of Harry . she be glaring at Malfoy . " Potter , you have get yourself a girlfriend ! " drawl Malfoy . Ginny go scarlet as Ron and Hermione fight their way over , both clutch stack of Lockhart 's book . " oh , it be you , " say Ron , look at Malfoy as if he be something unpleasant on the sole of his shoe . " bet you be surprise to see Harry here , eh ? " " not as surprise as I be to see you in a shop , Weasley , " retort Malfoy . " I suppose your parent will go hungry for a month to pay for all those . " Ron go as red as Ginny . he drop his book into the cauldron , too , and start toward Malfoy , but Harry and Hermione grab the back of his jacket . " Ron ! " say Mr. Weasley , struggle over with Fred and George . " what be you do ? it be too crowd in here , let be go outside . " " well , well , well -- Arthur Weasley . " it be Mr. Malfoy . he stand with his hand on Draco 's shoulder , sneer in just the same way . " Lucius , " say Mr. Weasley , nod coldly . " busy time at the Ministry , I hear , " say Mr. Malfoy . " all those raid ... I hope they be pay you overtime ? " he reach into Ginny 's cauldron and extract , from amid the glossy Lockhart book , a very old , very batter copy of a Beginner 's Guide to Transfiguration . " obviously not , " Mr. Malfoy say . " dear me , what be the use of be a disgrace to the name of wizard if they do n't even pay you well for it ? " Mr. Weasley flush dark than either Ron or Ginny . " we have a very different idea of what disgrace the name of wizard , Malfoy , " he say . " clearly , " say Mr. Malfoy , his pale eye stray to Mr. and Mrs. Granger , who be watch apprehensively . " the company you keep , Weasley ... and I think your family could sink no low -- " there be a thud of metal as Ginny 's cauldron go fly ; Mr. Weasley have throw himself at Mr. Malfoy , knock him backward into a bookshelf . dozen of heavy spellbooks come thunder down on all their head ; there be a yell of , " get him , Dad ! " from Fred or George ; Mrs. Weasley be shriek , " no , Arthur , no ! " ; the crowd stampede backward , knock more shelf over ; " Gentlemen , please -- please ! " cry the assistant , and then , loud than all - " break it up , there , gent , break it up -- " Hagrid be wade toward them through the sea of book . in an instant he have pull Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart . Mr. Weasley have a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy have be hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools . he be still hold Ginny 's old transfiguration book . he thrust it at her , his eye glitter with malice . " here , girl -- take your book -- it be the good your father can give you -- " Pulling himself out of Hagrid 's grip he beckon to Draco and sweep from the shop . " Yeh should have ignore him , Arthur , " say Hagrid , almost lift Mr. Weasley off his foot as he straighten his robe . " rotten ter the core , the whole family , everyone know that -- no Malfoy 's worth listenin ' ter -- bad blood , that be what it be -- come on now -- let be get outta here . " the assistant look as though he want to stop them from leave , but he barely come up to Hagrid 's waist and seem to think good of it . they hurry up the street , the Grangers shake with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury . " a fine example to set for your child ... brawl in public ... what Gilderoy Lockhart must have think -- " " he be please , " say Fred . " do n't you hear him as we be leave ? he be ask that bloke from the Daily Prophet if he will be able to work the fight into his report -- say it be all publicity -- " but it be a subdued group that head back to the fireside in the Leaky Cauldron , where Harry , the Weasleys , and all their shopping would be travel back to the Burrow use Floo powder . they say good-bye to the Grangers , who be leave the pub for the Muggle street on the other side ; Mr. Weasley start to ask them how bus stop work , but stop quickly at the look on Mrs. Weasley 's face . Harry take off his glass and put them safely in his pocket before help himself to Floo powder . it definitely be n't his favorite way to travel . the Whomping Willow the end of the summer vacation come too quickly for Harry 's liking . he be look forward to get back to Hogwarts , but his month at the Burrow have be the happy of his life . it be difficult not to feel jealous of Ron when he think of the Dursley and the sort of welcome he could expect next time he turn up on Privet Drive . on their last evening , Mrs. Weasley conjure up a sumptuous dinner that include all of Harry 's favorite thing , end with a mouthwatering treacle pudding . Fred and George round off the evening with a display of Filibuster firework ; they fill the kitchen with red and blue star that bounce from ceiling to wall for at least half an hour . then it be time for a last mug of hot chocolate and bed . it take a long while to get start next morning . they be up at dawn , but somehow they still seem to have a great deal to do . Mrs. Weasley dash about in a bad mood look for spare sock and quill ; people keep collide on the stair , half-dressed with bit of toast in their hand ; and Mr. Weasley nearly break his neck , trip over a stray chicken as he cross the yard carry Ginny 's trunk to the car . Harry could n't see how eight people , six large trunk , two owl , and a rat be go to fit into one small Ford Anglia . he have reckon , of course , without the special feature that Mr. Weasley have add . " not a word to Molly , " he whisper to Harry as he open the trunk and show him how it have be magically expand so that the luggage fit easily . when at last they be all in the car , Mrs. Weasley glance into the back seat , where Harry , Ron , Fred , George , and Percy be all sit comfortably side by side , and say , " Muggles do know more than we give them credit for , do n't they ? " she and Ginny get into the front seat , which have be stretch so that it resemble a park bench . " I mean , you will never know it be this roomy from the outside , would you ? " Mr. Weasley start up the engine and they trundle out of the yard , Harry turn back for a last look at the house . he barely have time to wonder when he will see it again when they be back -- George have forget his box of Filibuster firework . five minute after that , they skid to a halt in the yard so that Fred could run in for his broomstick . they have almost reach the highway when Ginny shriek that she have leave her diary . by the time she have clamber back into the car , they be run very late , and temper be run high . Mr. Weasley glance at his watch and then at his wife . " Molly , dear -- " " no , Arthur -- " " no one would see -- this little button here be an Invisibility Booster I install -- that will get us up in the air -- then we fly above the cloud . we will be there in ten minute and no one would be any the wise -- " " I say no , Arthur , not in broad daylight -- " they reach King 's Cross at a quarter to eleven . Mr. Weasley dash across the road to get trolley for their trunk and they all hurry into the station . Harry have catch the Hogwarts Express the previous year . the tricky part be get onto platform nine and three-quarter , which be n't visible to the Muggle eye . what you have to do be walk through the solid barrier divide platform nine and ten . it do n't hurt , but it have to be do carefully so that none of the Muggles notice you vanish . " Percy first , " say Mrs. Weasley , look nervously at the clock overhead , which show they have only five minute to disappear casually through the barrier . Percy stride briskly forward and vanish . Mr. Weasley go next ; Fred and George follow . " I will take Ginny and you two come right after us , " Mrs. Weasley tell Harry and Ron , grab Ginny 's hand and set off . in the blink of an eye they be go . " let be go together , we have only get a minute , " Ron say to Harry . Harry make sure that Hedwig 's cage be safely wedge on top of his trunk and wheel his trolley around to face the barrier . he feel perfectly confident ; this be n't nearly as uncomfortable as use Floo powder . both of them bend low over the handle of their trolley and walk purposefully toward the barrier , gather speed . a few foot away from it , they break into a run and - crash . both trolley hit the barrier and bounce backward ; Ron 's trunk fall off with a loud thump , Harry be knock off his foot , and Hedwig 's cage bounce onto the shiny floor , and she roll away , shriek indignantly ; people all around them stare and a guard nearby yell , " what in blazes d'you think you be do ? " " lose control of the trolley , " Harry gasp , clutch his rib as he get up . Ron run to pick up Hedwig , who be cause such a scene that there be a lot of mutter about cruelty to animal from the surrounding crowd . " why ca n't we get through ? " Harry hiss to Ron . " I dunno -- " Ron look wildly around . a dozen curious people be still watch them . " we be go to miss the train , " Ron whisper . " I do n't understand why the gateway 's seal itself -- " Harry look up at the giant clock with a sickening feeling in the pit of his stomach . ten second ... nine second ... he wheel his trolley forward cautiously until it be right against the barrier and push with all his might . the metal remain solid . three second ... two second ... one second ... " it be go , " say Ron , sound stun . " the train be leave . what if Mum and Dad ca n't get back through to us ? have you get any Muggle money ? " Harry give a hollow laugh . " the Dursley have n't give me pocket money for about six year . " Ron press his ear to the cold barrier . " can n't hear a thing , " he say tensely . " what be we go to do ? I do n't know how long it will take Mum and Dad to get back to us . " they look around . people be still watch them , mainly because of Hedwig 's continue screech . " I think we will well go and wait by the car , " say Harry . " we be attract too much atten -- " " Harry ! " say Ron , his eye gleam . " the car ! " " what about it ? " " we can fly the car to Hogwarts ! " " but I think -- " " we be stick , right ? and we have get to get to school , have n't we ? and even underage wizard be allow to use magic if it be a real emergency , section nineteen or something of the restriction of Thingy -- " " but your mum and dad ... " say Harry , push against the barrier again in the vain hope that it would give way . " how will they get home ? " " they do n't need the car ! " say Ron impatiently . " they know how to Apparate ! you know , just vanish and reappear at home ! they only bother with Floo powder and the car because we be all underage and we be not allow to Apparate yet . ... " Harry 's feeling of panic turn suddenly to excitement . " can you fly it ? " " no problem , " say Ron , wheel his trolley around to face the exit . " C'mon , let 's go . if we hurry we will be able to follow the Hogwarts Express -- " and they march off through the crowd of curious Muggles , out of the station and back onto the side road where the old Ford Anglia be park . Ron unlock the cavernous trunk with a series of tap from his wand . they heave their luggage back in , put Hedwig on the back seat , and get into the front . " check that no one be watch , " say Ron , start the ignition with another tap of his wand . Harry stick his head out of the window : Traffic be rumble along the main road ahead , but their street be empty . " okay , " he say . Ron press a tiny silver button on the dashboard . the car around them vanish -- and so do they . Harry could feel the seat vibrate beneath him , hear the engine , feel his hand on his knee and his glass on his nose , but for all he could see , he have become a pair of eyeball , float a few foot above the ground in a dingy street full of park car . " let be go , " say Ron 's voice from his right . and the ground and the dirty building on either side fall away , drop out of sight as the car rise ; in second , the whole of London lie , smoky and glitter , below them . then there be a pop noise and the car , Harry , and Ron reappear . " Uh-oh , " say Ron , jab at the Invisibility Booster . " it be faulty -- " both of them pummel it . the car vanish . then it flicker back again . " hold on ! " Ron yell , and he slam his foot on the accelerator ; they shoot straight into the low , woolly cloud and everything turn dull and foggy . " now what ? " say Harry , blink at the solid mass of cloud press in on them from all side . " we need to see the train to know what direction to go in , " say Ron . " dip back down again -- quickly -- " they drop back beneath the cloud and twist around in their seat , squint at the ground . " I can see it ! " Harry yell . " right ahead -- there ! " the Hogwarts Express be streak along below them like a scarlet snake . " due north , " say Ron , check the compass on the dashboard . " okay , we will just have to check on it every half hour or so -- hold on -- " and they shoot up through the cloud . a minute later , they burst out into a blaze of sunlight . it be a different world . the wheel of the car skim the sea of fluffy cloud , the sky a bright , endless blue under the blind white sun . " all we have get to worry about now be airplane , " say Ron . they look at each other and start to laugh ; for a long time , they could n't stop . it be as though they have be plunge into a fabulous dream . this , think Harry , be surely the only way to travel -- past swirl and turret of snowy cloud , in a car full of hot , bright sunlight , with a fat pack of toffee in the glove compartment , and the prospect of see Fred 's and George 's jealous face when they land smoothly and spectacularly on the sweeping lawn in front of Hogwarts castle . they make regular check on the train as they fly farther and farther north , each dip beneath the cloud show them a different view . London be soon far behind them , replace by neat green field that give way in turn to wide , purplish moor , a great city alive with car like multicolored ant , village with tiny toy church . several uneventful hour later , however , Harry have to admit that some of the fun be wear off . the toffee have make them extremely thirsty and they have nothing to drink . he and Ron have pull off their sweater , but Harry 's T-shirt be stick to the back of his seat and his glass keep slide down to the end of his sweaty nose . he have stop notice the fantastic cloud shape now and be think longingly of the train mile below , where you could buy ice-cold pumpkin juice from a trolley push by a plump witch . why have n't they be able to get onto platform nine and three-quarter ? " can n't be much further , can it ? " croak Ron , hour later still , as the sun start to sink into their floor of cloud , stain it a deep pink . " ready for another check on the train ? " it be still right below them , wind its way past a snowcapped mountain . it be much dark beneath the canopy of cloud . Ron put his foot on the accelerator and drive them upward again , but as he do so , the engine begin to whine . Harry and Ron exchange nervous glance . " it be probably just tired , " say Ron . " it be never be this far before . ... " and they both pretend not to notice the whine growing louder and louder as the sky become steadily dark . star be blossom in the blackness . Harry pull his sweater back on , try to ignore the way the windshield wiper be now wave feebly , as though in protest . " not far , " say Ron , more to the car than to Harry , " not far now , " and he pat the dashboard nervously . when they fly back beneath the cloud a little while later , they have to squint through the darkness for a landmark they know . " there ! " Harry shout , make Ron and Hedwig jump . " straight ahead ! " silhouette on the dark horizon , high on the cliff over the lake , stand the many turret and tower of Hogwarts castle . but the car have begin to shudder and be lose speed . " come on , " Ron say cajolingly , give the steer wheel a little shake , " nearly there , come on -- " the engine groan . narrow jet of steam be issue from under the hood . Harry find himself grip the edge of his seat very hard as they fly toward the lake . the car give a nasty wobble . glance out of his window , Harry see the smooth , black , glassy surface of the water , a mile below . Ron 's knuckle be white on the steering wheel . the car wobble again . " come on , " Ron mutter . they be over the lake -- the castle be right ahead -- Ron put his foot down . there be a loud clunk , a splutter , and the engine die completely . " Uh-oh , " say Ron , into the silence . the nose of the car drop . they be fall , gather speed , head straight for the solid castle wall . " Noooooo ! " Ron yell , swing the steering wheel around ; they miss the dark stone wall by inch as the car turn in a great arc , soar over the dark greenhouse , then the vegetable patch , and then out over the black lawn , lose altitude all the time . Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pull his wand out of his back pocket - " Stop ! stop ! " he yell , whack the dashboard and the windshield , but they be still plummet , the ground fly up toward them - " WATCH Out for THAT TREE ! " Harry bellow , lunge for the steering wheel , but too late - crunch . with an earsplitting bang of metal on wood , they hit the thick tree trunk and drop to the ground with a heavy jolt . steam be billow from under the crumpled hood ; Hedwig be shriek in terror ; a golf-ball-sized lump be throb on Harry 's head where he have hit the windshield ; and to his right , Ron let out a low , despair groan . " be you okay ? " Harry say urgently . " my wand , " say Ron , in a shaky voice . " look at my wand -- " it have snap , almost in two ; the tip be dangle limply , hold on by a few splinter . Harry open his mouth to say he be sure they will be able to mend it up at the school , but he never even get start . at that very moment , something hit his side of the car with the force of a charge bull , send him lurch sideways into Ron , just as an equally heavy blow hit the roof . " what be happen -- ? " Ron gasp , stare through the windshield , and Harry look around just in time to see a branch as thick as a python smash into it . the tree they have hit be attack them . its trunk be bend almost double , and its gnarled bough be pummel every inch of the car it could reach . " Aaargh ! " say Ron as another twisted limb punch a large dent into his door ; the windshield be now tremble under a hail of blow from knuckle-like twig and a branch as thick as a batter ram be pound furiously on the roof , which seem to be cave - " Run for it ! " Ron shout , throw his full weight against his door , but next second he have be knock backward into Harry 's lap by a vicious uppercut from another branch . " we be do for ! " he moan as the ceiling sag , but suddenly the floor of the car be vibrate -- the engine have restart . " reverse ! " Harry yell , and the car shoot backward ; the tree be still try to hit them ; they could hear its root creak as it almost rip itself up , lash out at them as they speed out of reach . " that , " pant Ron , " be close . well do , car -- " the car , however , have reach the end of its tether . with two sharp clunk , the door fly open and Harry feel his seat tip sideways : next thing he know he be sprawl on the damp ground . loud thud tell him that the car be eject their luggage from the trunk ; Hedwig 's cage fly through the air and burst open ; she rise out of it with an angry screech and speed off toward the castle without a backward look . then , dent , scratch , and steam , the car rumble off into the darkness , its rear light blaze angrily . " come back ! " Ron yell after it , brandish his break wand . " Dad will kill me ! " but the car disappear from view with one last snort from its exhaust . " can you believe our luck ? " say Ron miserably , bend down to pick up Scabbers . " of all the tree we could have hit , we have to get one that hit back . " he glance over his shoulder at the ancient tree , which be still flail its branch threateningly . " come on , " say Harry wearily , " we will well get up to the school . ... " it be n't at all the triumphant arrival they have picture . stiff , cold , and bruise , they seize the end of their trunk and begin drag them up the grassy slope , toward the great oak front door . " I think the feast be already start , " say Ron , drop his trunk at the foot of the front step and cross quietly to look through a brightly light window . " hey -- Harry -- come and look -- it be the Sorting ! " Harry hurry over and , together , he and Ron peer in at the Great Hall . innumerable candle be hover in midair over four long , crowded table , make the golden plate and goblet sparkle . overhead , the bewitch ceiling , which always mirror the sky outside , sparkle with star . through the forest of pointed black Hogwarts hat , Harry see a long line of scared-looking first year file into the Hall . Ginny be among them , easily visible because of her vivid Weasley hair . meanwhile , Professor McGonagall , a bespectacled witch with her hair in a tight bun , be place the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on a stool before the newcomer . every year , this age old hat , patch , fray , and dirty , sort new student into the four Hogwarts house ( Gryffindor , Hufflepuff , Ravenclaw , and Slytherin ) . Harry well remember put it on , exactly one year ago , and wait , petrify , for its decision as it mutter aloud in his ear . for a few horrible second he have fear that the hat be go to put him in Slytherin , the house that have turn out more dark witch and wizard than any other -- but he have end up in Gryffindor , along with Ron , Hermione , and the rest of the Weasleys . last term , Harry and Ron have help Gryffindor win the House Championship , beat Slytherin for the first time in seven year . a very small , mousy-haired boy have be call forward to place the hat on his head . Harry 's eye wander past him to where Professor Dumbledore , the headmaster , sit watch the Sorting from the staff table , his long silver beard and half-moon glass shine brightly in the candlelight . several seat along , Harry see Gilderoy Lockhart , dress in robe of aquamarine . and there at the end be Hagrid , huge and hairy , drink deeply from his goblet . " hang on ... " Harry mutter to Ron . " there be an empty chair at the staff table . ... where be Snape ? " Professor Severus Snape be Harry 's least favorite teacher . Harry also happen to be Snape 's least favorite student . cruel , sarcastic , and dislike by everybody except the student from his own House ( Slytherin ) , Snape teach potion . " maybe he be ill ! " say Ron hopefully . " maybe he be leave , " say Harry , " because he miss out on the defense against the Dark Art job again ! " " or he might have be sack ! " say Ron enthusiastically . " I mean , everyone hate him -- " " or maybe , " say a very cold voice right behind them , " he be wait to hear why you two do n't arrive on the school train . " Harry spin around . there , his black robe ripple in a cold breeze , stand Severus Snape . he be a thin man with sallow skin , a hooked nose , and greasy , shoulder-length black hair , and at this moment , he be smile in a way that tell Harry he and Ron be in very deep trouble . " follow me , " say Snape . not dare even to look at each other , Harry and Ron follow Snape up the step into the vast , echo entrance hall , which be light with flaming torch . a delicious smell of food be waft from the Great Hall , but Snape lead them away from the warmth and light , down a narrow stone staircase that lead into the dungeon . " in ! " he say , open a door halfway down the cold passageway and point . they enter Snape 's office , shiver . the shadowy wall be line with shelf of large glass jar , in which float all manner of revolting thing Harry do n't really want to know the name of at the moment . the fireplace be dark and empty . Snape close the door and turn to look at them . " so , " he say softly , " the train be n't good enough for the famous Harry Potter and his faithful sidekick , Weasley . want to arrive with a bang , do we , boy ? " " no , sir , it be the barrier at King 's Cross , it -- " " Silence ! " say Snape coldly . " what have you do with the car ? " Ron gulp . this be n't the first time Snape have give Harry the impression of be able to read mind . but a moment later , he understand , as Snape unroll today 's issue of the Evening Prophet . " you be see , " he hiss , show them the headline : fly Ford Anglia MYSTIFIES MUGGLES . he begin to read aloud : " two Muggles in London , convince they see an old car fly over the Post Office tower ... at noon in Norfolk , Mrs. Hetty Bayliss , while hang out her washing ... Mr. Angus Fleet , of Peebles , report to police ... six or seven Muggles in all . I believe your father work in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office ? " he say , look up at Ron and smile still more nastily . " dear , dear ... his own son ... " Harry feel as though he have just be wallop in the stomach by one of the mad tree 's large branch . if anyone find out Mr. Weasley have bewitch the car ... he have n't think of that . ... " I notice , in my search of the park , that considerable damage seem to have be do to a very valuable Whomping Willow , " Snape go on . " that tree do more damage to us than we -- " Ron blurt out . " silence ! " snap Snape again . " most unfortunately , you be not in my House and the decision to expel you do not rest with me . I shall go and fetch the people who do have that happy power . you will wait here . " Harry and Ron stare at each other , white-faced . Harry do n't feel hungry anymore . he now feel extremely sick . he try not to look at a large , slimy something suspend in green liquid on a shelf behind Snape 's desk . if Snape have go to fetch Professor McGonagall , head of Gryffindor House , they be hardly any well off . she might be fair than Snape , but she be still extremely strict . ten minute later , Snape return , and sure enough it be Professor McGonagall who accompany him . Harry have see Professor McGonagall angry on several occasion , but either he have forget just how thin her mouth could go , or he have never see her this angry before . she raise her wand the moment she enter ; Harry and Ron both flinch , but she merely point it at the empty fireplace , where flame suddenly erupt . " sit , " she say , and they both back into chair by the fire . " explain , " she say , her glass glint ominously . Ron launch into the story , start with the barrier at the station refuse to let them through . " - so we have no choice , Professor , we could n't get on the train . " " why do n't you send us a letter by owl ? I believe you have an owl ? " Professor McGonagall say coldly to Harry . Harry gape at her . now she have say it , that seem the obvious thing to have do . " I -- I do n't think -- " " that , " say Professor McGonagall , " be obvious . " there be a knock on the office door and Snape , now look happy than ever , open it . there stand the headmaster , Professor Dumbledore . Harry 's whole body go numb . Dumbledore be look unusually grave . he stare down his very crooked nose at them , and Harry suddenly find himself wish he and Ron be still be beat up by the Whomping Willow . there be a long silence . then Dumbledore say , " Please explain why you do this . " it would have be good if he have shout . Harry hate the disappointment in his voice . for some reason , he be unable to look Dumbledore in the eye , and speak instead to his knee . he tell Dumbledore everything except that Mr. Weasley own the bewitch car , make it sound as though he and Ron have happen to find a fly car park outside the station . he know Dumbledore would see through this at once , but Dumbledore ask no question about the car . when Harry have finish , he merely continue to peer at them through his spectacle . " we will go and get our stuff , " say Ron in a hopeless sort of voice . " what be you talk about , Weasley ? " bark Professor McGonagall . " well , you be expel us , be n't you ? " say Ron . Harry look quickly at Dumbledore . " not today , Mr. Weasley , " say Dumbledore . " but I must impress upon both of you the seriousness of what you have do . I will be write to both your family tonight . I must also warn you that if you do anything like this again , I will have no choice but to expel you . " Snape look as though Christmas have be cancel . he clear his throat and say , " Professor Dumbledore , these boy have flout the decree for the restriction of Underage Wizardry , cause serious damage to an old and valuable tree -- surely act of this nature -- " " it will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these boy ' punishment , Severus , " say Dumbledore calmly . " they be in her house and be therefore her responsibility . " he turn to Professor McGonagall . " I must go back to the feast , Minerva , I have get to give out a few notice . come , Severus , there be a delicious-looking custard tart I want to sample -- " Snape shoot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron as he allow himself to be sweep out of his office , leave them alone with Professor McGonagall , who be still eye them like a wrathful eagle . " you will well get along to the hospital wing , Weasley , you be bleed . " " not much , " say Ron , hastily wipe the cut over his eye with his sleeve . " professor , I want to watch my sister be sort -- " " the Sorting Ceremony be over , " say Professor McGonagall . " your sister be also in Gryffindor . " " oh , good , " say Ron . " and speak of Gryffindor -- " Professor McGonagall say sharply , but Harry cut in : " professor , when we take the car , term have n't start , so -- so Gryffindor should n't really have point take from it -- should it ? " he finish , watch her anxiously . Professor McGonagall give him a piercing look , but he be sure she have almost smile . her mouth look less thin , anyway . " I will not take any point from Gryffindor , " she say , and Harry 's heart lighten considerably . " but you will both get a detention . " it be well than Harry have expect . as for Dumbledore 's writing to the Dursley , that be nothing . Harry know perfectly well they will just be disappoint that the Whomping Willow have n't squash him flat . Professor McGonagall raise her wand again and point it at Snape 's desk . a large plate of sandwich , two silver goblet , and a jug of iced pumpkin juice appear with a pop . " you will eat in here and then go straight up to your dormitory , " she say . " I must also return to the feast . " when the door have close behind her , Ron let out a long , low whistle . " I think we have have it , " he say , grab a sandwich . " so do I , " say Harry , take one , too . " can you believe our luck , though ? " say Ron thickly through a mouthful of chicken and ham . " Fred and George must have flow that car five or six time and no Muggle ever see them . " he swallow and take another huge bite . " why could n't we get through the barrier ? " Harry shrug . " we will have to watch our step from now on , though , " he say , take a grateful swig of pumpkin juice . " wish we could have go up to the feast . ... " " she do n't want us show off , " say Ron sagely . " do n't want people to think it be clever , arrive by fly car . " when they have eat as many sandwich as they could ( the plate keep refill itself ) , they rise and leave the office , tread the familiar path to Gryffindor Tower . the castle be quiet ; it seem that the feast be over . they walk past mutter portrait and creak suit of armor , and climb narrow flight of stone stair , until at last they reach the passage where the secret entrance to Gryffindor Tower be hide , behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress . " password ? " she say as they approach . " er -- " say Harry . they do n't know the new year 's password , not have meet a Gryffindor prefect yet , but help come almost immediately ; they hear hurry foot behind them and turn to see Hermione dash toward them . " there you be ! where have you be ? the most ridiculous rumor -- someone say you have be expel for crash a fly car -- " " well , we have n't be expel , " Harry assure her . " you be not tell me you do fly here ? " say Hermione , sound almost as severe as Professor McGonagall . " skip the lecture , " say Ron impatiently , " and tell us the new password . " " it be ' wattlebird , ' " say Hermione impatiently , " but that be not the point -- " her word be cut short , however , as the portrait of the fat lady swing open and there be a sudden storm of clap . it look as though the whole of Gryffindor House be still awake , pack into the circular common room , stand on the lopsided table and squashy armchair , wait for them to arrive . arm reach through the portrait hole to pull Harry and Ron inside , leave Hermione to scramble in after them . " brilliant ! " yell Lee Jordan . " inspire ! what an entrance ! fly a car right into the Whomping Willow , people will be talk about that one for year -- " " good for you , " say a fifth year Harry have never speak to ; someone be pat him on the back as though he have just win a marathon ; Fred and George push their way to the front of the crowd and say together , " why could n't we have come in the car , eh ? " Ron be scarlet in the face , grin embarrassedly , but Harry could see one person who do n't look happy at all . Percy be visible over the head of some excited first year , and he seem to be try to get near enough to start tell them off . Harry nudge Ron in the rib and nod in Percy 's direction . Ron get the point at once . " get to get upstairs -- bit tired , " he say , and the two of them start push their way toward the door on the other side of the room , which lead to a spiral staircase and the dormitory . " ' Night , " Harry call back to Hermione , who be wear a scowl just like Percy 's . they manage to get to the other side of the common room , still have their back slap , and gain the peace of the staircase . they hurry up it , right to the top , and at last reach the door of their old dormitory , which now have a sign on it say Second year . they enter the familiar , circular room , with its five four-poster hang with red velvet and its high , narrow window . their trunk have be bring up for them and stand at the end of their bed . Ron grin guiltily at Harry . " I know I should n't have enjoy that or anything , but -- " the dormitory door fly open and in come the other second year Gryffindor boy , Seamus Finnigan , Dean Thomas , and Neville Longbottom . " unbelievable ! " beam Seamus . " cool , " say Dean . " amazing , " say Neville , awestruck . Harry could n't help it . he grin , too . Gilderoy Lockhart the next day , however , Harry barely grin once . thing start to go downhill from breakfast in the Great Hall . the four long House table be lade with tureen of porridge , plate of kipper , mountain of toast , and dish of egg and bacon , beneath the enchant ceiling ( today , a dull , cloudy gray ) . Harry and Ron sit down at the Gryffindor table next to Hermione , who have her copy of Voyages with Vampires prop open against a milk jug . there be a slight stiffness in the way she say " ' Morning , " which tell Harry that she be still disapprove of the way they have arrive . Neville Longbottom , on the other hand , greet them cheerfully . Neville be a round-faced and accident-prone boy with the bad memory of anyone Harry have ever meet . " mail be due any minute -- I think Gran be send a few thing I forget . " Harry have only just start his porridge when , sure enough , there be a rush sound overhead and a hundred or so owl stream in , circle the hall and drop letter and package into the chatter crowd . a big , lumpy package bounce off Neville 's head and , a second later , something large and gray fall into Hermione 's jug , spray them all with milk and feather . " Errol ! " say Ron , pull the bedraggled owl out by the foot . Errol slump , unconscious , onto the table , his leg in the air and a damp red envelope in his beak . " oh , no -- " Ron gasp . " it be all right , he be still alive , " say Hermione , prod Errol gently with the tip of her finger . " it be not that -- it be that . " Ron be point at the red envelope . it look quite ordinary to Harry , but Ron and Neville be both look at it as though they expect it to explode . " what be the matter ? " say Harry . " she be -- she have send me a Howler , " say Ron faintly . " you will well open it , Ron , " say Neville in a timid whisper . " it will be bad if you do n't . my gran send me one once , and I ignore it and " -- he gulp -- " it be horrible . " Harry look from their petrify face to the red envelope . " what be a Howler ? " he say . but Ron 's whole attention be fix on the letter , which have begin to smoke at the corner . " open it , " Neville urge . " it will all be over in a few minute -- " Ron stretch out a shake hand , ease the envelope from Errol 's beak , and slit it open . Neville stuff his finger in his ear . a split second later , Harry know why . he think for a moment it have explode ; a roar of sound fill the huge hall , shake dust from the ceiling . " - STEALING THE Car , I WOULD N'T Have Been SURPRISED if THEY 'D expel you , you Wait Till I GET HOLD of you , I DO N'T SUPPOSE you STOPPED To Think what YOUR Father and I Went THROUGH when WE Saw it WAS GONE -- " Mrs. Weasley 's yell , a hundred time louder than usual , make the plate and spoon rattle on the table , and echo deafeningly off the stone wall . people throughout the hall be swivel around to see who have receive the Howler , and Ron sink so low in his chair that only his crimson forehead could be see . " - Letter From DUMBLEDORE Last NIGHT , I THOUGHT YOUR Father WOULD DIE of SHAME , WE DID N'T Bring you UP To BEHAVE Like This , you and Harry COULD Both Have DIED -- " Harry have be wonder when his name be go to crop up . he try very hard to look as though he could n't hear the voice that be make his eardrum throb . " - ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED -- YOUR Father be face an Inquiry AT Work , it be ENTIRELY YOUR Fault and if you PUT ANOTHER TOE Out of Line WE 'LL Bring you Straight Back HOME . " a ringing silence fall . the red envelope , which have drop from Ron 's hand , burst into flame and curl into ash . Harry and Ron sit stun , as though a tidal wave have just pass over them . a few people laugh and , gradually , a babble of talk break out again . Hermione close voyage with Vampires and look down at the top of Ron 's head . " well , I do n't know what you expect , Ron , but you -- " " do n't tell me I deserve it , " snap Ron . Harry push his porridge away . his inside be burn with guilt . Mr. Weasley be face an inquiry at work . after all Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have do for him over the summer ... but he have no time to dwell on this ; Professor McGonagall be move along the Gryffindor table , hand out course schedule . Harry take his and see that they have double Herbology with the Hufflepuffs first . Harry , Ron , and Hermione leave the castle together , cross the vegetable patch , and make for the greenhouse , where the magical plant be keep . at least the Howler have do one good thing : Hermione seem to think they have now be punish enough and be be perfectly friendly again . as they near the greenhouse they see the rest of the class standing outside , wait for Professor Sprout . Harry , Ron , and Hermione have only just join them when she come stride into view across the lawn , accompany by Gilderoy Lockhart . Professor Sprout 's arm be full of bandage , and with another twinge of guilt , Harry spot the Whomping Willow in the distance , several of its branch now in sling . Professor Sprout be a squat little witch who wear a patched hat over her flyaway hair ; there be usually a large amount of earth on her clothes and her fingernail would have make Aunt Petunia faint . Gilderoy Lockhart , however , be immaculate in sweeping robe of turquoise , his golden hair shine under a perfectly position turquoise hat with gold trimming . " oh , hello there ! " he call , beam around at the assemble student . " just be show Professor Sprout the right way to doctor a Whomping Willow ! but I do n't want you run away with the idea that I be good at Herbology than she be ! I just happen to have meet several of these exotic plant on my travel ... " " Greenhouse three today , chap ! " say Professor Sprout , who be look distinctly disgruntled , not at all her usual cheerful self . there be a murmur of interest . they have only ever work in greenhouse one before -- greenhouse three house far more interesting and dangerous plant . Professor Sprout take a large key from her belt and unlock the door . Harry catch a whiff of damp earth and fertilizer mingle with the heavy perfume of some giant , umbrella-sized flower dangle from the ceiling . he be about to follow Ron and Hermione inside when Lockhart 's hand shoot out . " Harry ! I have be want a word -- you do n't mind if he be a couple of minute late , do you , Professor Sprout ? " judge by Professor Sprout 's scowl , she do mind , but Lockhart say , " that be the ticket , " and close the greenhouse door in her face . " Harry , " say Lockhart , his large white tooth gleam in the sunlight as he shake his head . " Harry , Harry , Harry . " completely nonplus , Harry say nothing . " when I hear -- well , of course , it be all my fault . could have kick myself . " Harry have no idea what he be talk about . he be about to say so when Lockhart go on , " do n't know when I have be more shocked . fly a car to Hogwarts ! well , of course , I know at once why you have do it . stand out a mile . Harry , Harry , Harry . " it be remarkable how he could show every one of those brilliant tooth even when he be n't talk . " give you a taste for publicity , do n't I ? " say Lockhart . " give you the bug . you get onto the front page of the paper with me and you could n't wait to do it again . " " oh , no , Professor , see -- " " Harry , Harry , Harry , " say Lockhart , reach out and grasp his shoulder . " I understand . natural to want a bit more once you have have that first taste -- and I blame myself for give you that , because it be bind to go to your head -- but see here , young man , you ca n't start fly car to try and get yourself notice . just calm down , all right ? plenty of time for all that when you be old . yes , yes , I know what you be think ! ' it be all right for him , he be an internationally famous wizard already ! ' but when I be twelve , I be just as much of a nobody as you be now . in fact , I will say I be even more of a nobody ! I mean , a few people have hear of you , have n't they ? all that business with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ! " he glance at the lightning scar on Harry 's forehead . " I know , I know -- it be not quite as good as win Witch Weekly 's Most-Charming-Smile Award five time in a row , as I have -- but it be a start , Harry , it be a start . " he give Harry a hearty wink and stride off . Harry stand stun for a few second , then , remember he be suppose to be in the greenhouse , he open the door and slide inside . Professor Sprout be stand behind a trestle bench in the center of the greenhouse . about twenty pair of different-colored ear-muffs be lie on the bench . when Harry have take his place between Ron and Hermione , she say , " we will be repot Mandrakes today . now , who can tell me the property of the Mandrake ? " to nobody 's surprise , Hermione 's hand be first into the air . " mandrake , or Mandragora , be a powerful restorative , " say Hermione , sound as usual as though she have swallow the textbook . " it be use to return people who have be transfigure or curse to their original state . " " excellent . ten point to Gryffindor , " say Professor Sprout . " the Mandrake form an essential part of most antidote . it be also , however , dangerous . who can tell me why ? " Hermione 's hand narrowly miss Harry 's glass as it shoot up again . " the cry of the Mandrake be fatal to anyone who hear it , " she say promptly . " precisely . take another ten point , " say Professor Sprout . " now , the Mandrakes we have here be still very young . " she point to a row of deep tray as she speak , and everyone shuffle forward for a good look . a hundred or so tufty little plant , purplish green in color , be grow there in row . they look quite unremarkable to Harry , who do n't have the slight idea what Hermione mean by the " cry " of the Mandrake . " everyone take a pair of earmuff , " say Professor Sprout . there be a scramble as everyone try to seize a pair that be n't pink and fluffy . " when I tell you to put them on , make sure your ear be completely cover , " say Professor Sprout . " when it be safe to remove them , I will give you the thumbs-up . right -- earmuff on . " Harry snap the earmuff over his ear . they shut out sound completely . Professor Sprout put the pink , fluffy pair over her own ear , roll up the sleeve of her robe , grasp one of the tufty plant firmly , and pull hard . Harry let out a gasp of surprise that no one could hear . instead of root , a small , muddy , and extremely ugly baby pop out of the earth . the leaf be grow right out of his head . he have pale green , mottle skin , and be clearly bawl at the top of his lung . Professor Sprout take a large plant pot from under the table and plunge the Mandrake into it , bury him in dark , damp compost until only the tufted leaf be visible . Professor Sprout dust off her hand , give them all the thumbs-up , and remove her own earmuff . " as our mandrake be only seedling , their cry wo n't kill yet , " she say calmly as though she have just do nothing more exciting than water a begonia . " however , they will knock you out for several hour , and as I be sure none of you want to miss your first day back , make sure your earmuff be securely in place while you work . I will attract your attention when it be time to pack up . " four to a tray -- there be a large supply of pot here -- compost in the sack over there -- and be careful of the Venomous Tentacula , it be teethe . " she give a sharp slap to a spiky , dark red plant as she speak , make it draw in the long feeler that have be inch sneakily over her shoulder . Harry , Ron , and Hermione be join at their tray by a curly-haired Hufflepuff boy Harry know by sight but have never speak to . " Justin Finch-Fletchley , " he say brightly , shake Harry by the hand . " know who you be , of course , the famous Harry Potter . ... and you be Hermione Granger -- always top in everything " ( Hermione beam as she have her hand shake too ) " - and Ron Weasley . be n't that your fly car ? " Ron do n't smile . the Howler be obviously still on his mind . " that Lockhart 's something , be n't he ? " say Justin happily as they begin fill their plant pot with dragon dung compost . " awfully brave chap . have you read his book ? I will have die of fear if I have be corner in a telephone booth by a werewolf , but he stay cool and -- zap -- just fantastic . " my name be down for Eton , you know . I ca n't tell you how glad I be I come here instead . of course , Mother be slightly disappoint , but since I make her read Lockhart 's book I think she be begin to see how useful it will be to have a fully train wizard in the family . ... " after that they do n't have much chance to talk . their earmuff be back on and they need to concentrate on the Mandrakes . Professor Sprout have make it look extremely easy , but it be n't . the Mandrakes do n't like come out of the earth , but do n't seem to want to go back into it either . they squirm , kick , flail their sharp little fist , and gnash their tooth ; Harry spend ten whole minute try to squash a particularly fat one into a pot . by the end of the class , Harry , like everyone else , be sweaty , ache , and cover in earth . everyone traipse back to the castle for a quick wash and then the Gryffindors hurry off to transfiguration . Professor McGonagall 's class be always hard work , but today be especially difficult . everything Harry have learn last year seem to have leak out of his head during the summer . he be suppose to be turn a beetle into a button , but all he manage to do be give his beetle a lot of exercise as it scuttle over the desktop avoid his wand . Ron be have far bad problem . he have patch up his wand with some borrow Spellotape , but it seem to be damage beyond repair . it keep crackle and spark at odd moment , and every time Ron try to transfigure his beetle it engulf him in thick gray smoke that smell of rotten egg . unable to see what he be do , Ron accidentally squash his beetle with his elbow and have to ask for a new one . Professor McGonagall be n't please . Harry be relieve to hear the lunch bell . his brain feel like a wring sponge . everyone file out of the classroom except him and Ron , who be whack his wand furiously on the desk . " stupid -- useless -- thing -- " " Write home for another one , " Harry suggest as the wand let off a volley of bang like a firecracker . " oh , yeah , and get another Howler back , " say Ron , stuff the now hiss wand into his bag . " ' it be your own fault your wand get snap - ' " they go down to lunch , where Ron 's mood be not improve by Hermione be show them the handful of perfect coat button she have produce in Transfiguration . " what have we get this afternoon ? " say Harry , hastily change the subject . " defense against the Dark Art , " say Hermione at once . " why , " demand Ron , seize her schedule , " have you outline all Lockhart 's lesson in little heart ? " Hermione snatch the schedule back , blush furiously . they finish lunch and go outside into the overcast courtyard . Hermione sit down on a stone step and bury her nose in Voyages with Vampires again . Harry and Ron stand talk about Quidditch for several minute before Harry become aware that he be be closely watch . look up , he see the very small , mousy-haired boy he have see try on the Sorting Hat last night stare at Harry as though transfix . he be clutch what look like an ordinary Muggle camera , and the moment Harry look at him , he go bright red . " all right , Harry ? I be -- I be Colin Creevey , " he say breathlessly , take a tentative step forward . " I be in Gryffindor , too . D'you think -- would it be all right if -- can I have a picture ? " he say , raise the camera hopefully . " a picture ? " Harry repeat blankly . " so I can prove I have meet you , " say Colin Creevey eagerly , edge further forward . " I know all about you . everyone have tell me . about how you survive when You-Know-Who try to kill you and how he disappear and everything and how you have still get a lightning scar on your forehead " ( his eye rake Harry 's hairline ) " and a boy in my dormitory say if I develop the film in the right potion , the picture will move . " Colin draw a great shudder breath of excitement and say , " it be amazing here , be n't it ? I never know all the odd stuff I could do be magic till I get the letter from Hogwarts . my dad be a milkman , he could n't believe it either . so I be take load of picture to send home to him . and it will be really good if I have one of you " -- he look imploringly at Harry -- " maybe your friend could take it and I could stand next to you ? and then , could you sign it ? " " sign photo ? you be give out sign photo , Potter ? " loud and scathing , Draco Malfoy 's voice echo around the courtyard . he have stop right behind Colin , flank , as he always be at Hogwarts , by his large and thuggish crony , Crabbe and Goyle . " everyone line up ! " Malfoy roar to the crowd . " Harry Potter be give out sign photo ! " " no , I be not , " say Harry angrily , his fist clench . " shut up , Malfoy . " " you be just jealous , " pipe up Colin , whose entire body be about as thick as Crabbe 's neck . " jealous ? " say Malfoy , who do n't need to shout anymore : half the courtyard be listen in . " of what ? I do n't want a foul scar right across my head , thanks . I do n't think get your head cut open make you that special , myself . " Crabbe and Goyle be snigger stupidly . " eat slug , Malfoy , " say Ron angrily . Crabbe stop laugh and start rub his knuckle in a menace way . " be careful , Weasley , " sneer Malfoy . " you do n't want to start any trouble or your mommy will have to come and take you away from school . " he put on a shrill , piercing voice . " if you put another toe out of line -- " a knot of Slytherin fifth year nearby laugh loudly at this . " Weasley would like a sign photo , Potter , " smirk Malfoy . " it will be worth more than his family 's whole house -- " Ron whip out his Spellotaped wand , but Hermione shut voyage with Vampires with a snap and whisper , " look out ! " " what be all this , what be all this ? " Gilderoy Lockhart be stride toward them , his turquoise robe swirl behind him . " who be give out sign photo ? " Harry start to speak but he be cut short as Lockhart fling an arm around his shoulder and thunder jovially , " Should n't have ask ! we meet again , Harry ! " pin to Lockhart 's side and burning with humiliation , Harry see Malfoy slide smirk back into the crowd . " come on then , Mr. Creevey , " say Lockhart , beam at Colin . " a double portrait , ca n't do well than that , and we will both sign it for you . " Colin fumble for his camera and take the picture as the bell ring behind them , signal the start of afternoon class . " off you go , move along there , " Lockhart call to the crowd , and he set off back to the castle with Harry , who be wish he know a good Vanishing Spell , still clasp to his side . " a word to the wise , Harry , " say Lockhart paternally as they enter the building through a side door . " I cover up for you back there with young Creevey -- if he be photograph me , too , your schoolmate wo n't think you be set yourself up so much . ... " Deaf to Harry 's stammer , Lockhart sweep him down a corridor line with stare student and up a staircase . " let me just say that hand out sign picture at this stage of your career be n't sensible -- look a tad bigheaded , Harry , to be frank . there may well come a time when , like me , you will need to keep a stack handy wherever you go , but " -- he give a little chortle -- " I do n't think you be quite there yet . " they have reach Lockhart 's classroom and he let Harry go at last . Harry yank his robe straight and head for a seat at the very back of the class , where he busy himself with pile all seven of Lockhart 's book in front of him , so that he could avoid look at the real thing . the rest of the class come clatter in , and Ron and Hermione sit down on either side of Harry . " you could have fry an egg on your face , " say Ron . " you will well hope Creevey do n't meet Ginny , or they will be start a Harry Potter fan club . " " shut up , " snap Harry . the last thing he need be for Lockhart to hear the phrase " Harry Potter fan club . " when the whole class be seat , Lockhart clear his throat loudly and silence fall . he reach forward , pick up Neville Longbottom 's copy of Travels with Trolls , and hold it up to show his own , wink portrait on the front . " me , " he say , point at it and wink as well . " Gilderoy Lockhart , order of Merlin , Third Class , Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League , and five-time winner of Witch Weekly 's Most-Charming-Smile Award -- but I do n't talk about that . I do n't get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smile at her ! " he wait for them to laugh ; a few people smile weakly . " I see you have all buy a complete set of my book -- well do . I think we will start today with a little quiz . nothing to worry about -- just to check how well you have read them , how much you have take in -- " when he have hand out the test paper he return to the front of the class and say , " you have thirty minute -- start -- now ! " Harry look down at his paper and read : 1 . what be Gilderoy Lockhart 's favorite color ? 2 . what be Gilderoy Lockhart 's secret ambition ? 3 . what , in your opinion , be Gilderoy Lockhart 's great achievement to date ? on and on it go , over three side of paper , right down to : @card@ . when be Gilderoy Lockhart 's birthday , and what would his ideal gift be ? half an hour later , Lockhart collect the paper and rifle through them in front of the class . " tut , tut -- hardly any of you remember that my favorite color be lilac . I say so in year with the Yeti . and a few of you need to read Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully -- I clearly state in chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony between all magic and non-magic people -- though I would n't say no to a large bottle of Ogden 's Old Firewhisky ! " he give them another roguish wink . Ron be now stare at Lockhart with an expression of disbelief on his face ; Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas , who be sit in front , be shake with silent laughter . Hermione , on the other hand , be listen to Lockhart with rapt attention and give a start when he mention her name . " ... but Miss Hermione Granger know my secret ambition be to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potion -- good girl ! in fact " -- he flip her paper over -- " full mark ! where be Miss Hermione Granger ? " Hermione raise a tremble hand . " excellent ! " beam Lockhart . " quite excellent ! take ten point for Gryffindor ! and so -- to business -- " he bend down behind his desk and lift a large , covered cage onto it . " now -- be warn ! it be my job to arm you against the foul creature know to wizardkind ! you may find yourselves face your bad fear in this room . know only that no harm can befall you whilst I be here . all I ask be that you remain calm . " in spite of himself , Harry lean around his pile of book for a good look at the cage . Lockhart place a hand on the cover . Dean and Seamus have stop laugh now . Neville be cower in his front row seat . " I must ask you not to scream , " say Lockhart in a low voice . " it might provoke them . " as the whole class hold its breath , Lockhart whip off the cover . " yes , " he say dramatically . " freshly catch Cornish pixie . " Seamus Finnigan could n't control himself . he let out a snort of laughter that even Lockhart could n't mistake for a scream of terror . " yes ? " he smile at Seamus . " well , they be not -- they be not very -- dangerous , be they ? " Seamus choke . " do n't be so sure ! " say Lockhart , waggle a finger annoyingly at Seamus . " devilish tricky little blighter they can be ! " the pixie be electric blue and about eight inch high , with point face and voice so shrill it be like listen to a lot of budgie argue . the moment the cover have be remove , they have start jabber and rocket around , rattle the bar and make bizarre face at the people nearest them . " right , then , " Lockhart say loudly . " let be see what you make of them ! " and he open the cage . it be pandemonium . the pixie shoot in every direction like rocket . two of them seize Neville by the ear and lift him into the air . several shot straight through the window , shower the back row with break glass . the rest proceed to wreck the classroom more effectively than a rampage rhino . they grab ink bottle and spray the class with them , shredded book and paper , tear picture from the wall , up-ended the waste basket , grab bag and book and throw them out of the smashed window ; within minute , half the class be shelter under desk and Neville be swing from the iron chandelier in the ceiling . " come on now -- round them up , round them up , they be only pixie , " Lockhart shout . he roll up his sleeve , brandish his wand , and bellow , " Peskipiksi Pesternomi ! " it have absolutely no effect ; one of the pixie seize his wand and throw it out of the window , too . Lockhart gulp and dive under his own desk , narrowly avoid be squash by Neville , who fall a second later as the chandelier give way . the bell ring and there be a mad rush toward the exit . in the relative calm that follow , Lockhart straighten up , catch sight of Harry , Ron , and Hermione , who be almost at the door , and say , " well , I will ask you three to just nip the rest of them back into their cage . " he sweep past them and shut the door quickly behind him . " can you believe him ? " roar Ron as one of the remain pixie bite him painfully on the ear . " he just want to give us some hands-on experience , " say Hermione , immobilize two pixie at once with a clever Freezing Charm and stuff them back into their cage . " hand on ? " say Harry , who be try to grab a pixie dance out of reach with its tongue out . " Hermione , he do n't have a clue what he be do -- " " Rubbish , " say Hermione . " you have read his book -- look at all those amazing thing he be do -- " " he say he be do , " Ron mutter . Mudbloods and Murmurs Harry spend a lot of time over the next few day dodge out of sight whenever he see Gilderoy Lockhart come down a corridor . harder to avoid be Colin Creevey , who seem to have memorize Harry 's schedule . nothing seem to give Colin a big thrill than to say , " all right , Harry ? " six or seven time a day and hear , " hello , Colin , " back , however exasperate Harry sound when he say it . Hedwig be still angry with Harry about the disasterous car journey and Ron 's wand be still malfunction , surpass itself on Friday morning by shoot out of Ron 's hand in Charms and hit tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the eye , create a large , throb green boil where it have strike . so with one thing and another , Harry be quite glad to reach the weekend . he , Ron , and Hermione be plan to visit Hagrid on Saturday morning . Harry , however , be shake awake several hour earlier than he would have like by Oliver Wood , Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team . " Whassamatter ? " say Harry groggily . " Quidditch practice ! " say Wood . " come on ! " Harry squint at the window . there be a thin mist hang across the pink-and-gold sky . now that he be awake , he could n't understand how he could have sleep through the racket the bird be make . " Oliver , " Harry croak . " it be the crack of dawn . " " exactly , " say Wood . he be a tall and burly sixth year and , at the moment , his eye be gleam with a crazed enthusiasm . " it be part of our new training program . come on , grab your broom , and let be go , " say Wood heartily . " none of the other team have start train yet ; we be go to be first off the mark this year -- " Yawning and shiver slightly , Harry climb out of bed and try to find his Quidditch robe . " good man , " say Wood . " meet you on the field in fifteen minute . " when he have find his scarlet team robe and pull on his cloak for warmth , Harry scribble a note to Ron explain where he have go and go down the spiral staircase to the common room , his Nimbus Two Thousand on his shoulder . he have just reach the portrait hole when there be a clatter behind him and Colin Creevey come dash down the spiral staircase , his camera swing madly around his neck and something clutch in his hand . " I hear someone say your name on the stair , Harry ! look what I have get here ! I have have it develop , I want to show you -- " Harry look bemusedly at the photograph Colin be brandish under his nose . a moving , black-and-white Lockhart be tug hard on an arm Harry recognize as his own . he be please to see that his photographic self be put up a good fight and refuse to be drag into view . as Harry watch , Lockhart give up and slump , pant , against the white edge of the picture . " will you sign it ? " say Colin eagerly . " no , " say Harry flatly , glance around to check that the room be really desert . " sorry , Colin , I be in a hurry -- Quidditch practice -- " he climb through the portrait hole . " oh , wow ! wait for me ! I have never watch a Quidditch game before ! " Colin scramble through the hole after him . " it will be really boring , " Harry say quickly , but Colin ignore him , his face shine with excitement . " you be the young house player in a hundred year , be n't you , Harry ? be n't you ? " say Colin , trot alongside him . " you must be brilliant . I have never flow . be it easy ? be that your own broom ? be that the good one there be ? " Harry do n't know how to get rid of him . it be like have an extremely talkative shadow . " I do n't really understand Quidditch , " say Colin breathlessly . " be it true there be four ball ? and two of them fly around try to knock people off their broom ? " " yes , " say Harry heavily , resign to explain the complicated rule of Quidditch . " they be call Bludgers . there be two beater on each team who carry club to beat the Bludgers away from their side . Fred and George Weasley be the Gryffindor Beaters . " " and what be the other ball for ? " Colin ask , trip down a couple of step because he be gaze open-mouthed at Harry . " well , the Quaffle -- that be the biggish red one -- be the one that score goal . three chaser on each team throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through the goal post at the end of the pitch -- they be three long pole with hoop on the end . " " and the fourth ball -- " " - be the Golden Snitch , " say Harry , " and it be very small , very fast , and difficult to catch . but that be what the Seeker be get to do , because a game of Quidditch do n't end until the Snitch have be catch . and whichever team 's seeker get the Snitch earn his team an extra hundred and fifty point . " " and you be the Gryffindor Seeker , be n't you ? " say Colin in awe . " yes , " say Harry as they leave the castle and start across the dew-drenched grass . " and there be the Keeper , too . he guard the goal post . that be it , really . " but Colin do n't stop question Harry all the way down the sloping lawn to the Quidditch field , and Harry only shake him off when he reach the change room ; Colin call after him in a piping voice , " I will go and get a good seat , Harry ! " and hurry off to the stand . the rest of the Gryffindor team be already in the change room . wood be the only person who look truly awake . Fred and George Weasley be sit , puffy-eyed and tousle-haired , next to fourth year Alicia Spinnet , who seem to be nod off against the wall behind her . her fellow chaser , Katie Bell and Angelina Johnson , be yawn side by side opposite them . " there you be , Harry , what keep you ? " say Wood briskly . " now , I want a quick talk with you all before we actually get onto the field , because I spend the summer devise a whole new training program , which I really think will make all the difference . ... " Wood be hold up a large diagram of a Quidditch field , on which be draw many line , arrow , and cross in different-colored ink . he take out his wand , tap the board , and the arrow begin to wiggle over the diagram like caterpillar . as Wood launch into a speech about his new tactic , Fred Weasley 's head droop right onto Alicia Spinnet 's shoulder and he begin to snore . the first board take nearly twenty minute to explain , but there be another board under that , and a third under that one . Harry sink into a stupor as Wood drone on and on . " so , " say Wood , at long last , jerk Harry from a wistful fantasy about what he could be eat for breakfast at this very moment up at the castle . " be that clear ? any question ? " " I have get a question , Oliver , " say George , who have wake with a start . " why could n't you have tell us all this yesterday when we be awake ? " Wood be n't please . " now , listen here , you lot , " he say , glower at them all . " we should have win the Quidditch Cup last year . we be easily the good team . but unfortunately -- owe to circumstance beyond our control -- " Harry shift guiltily in his seat . he have be unconscious in the hospital wing for the final match of the previous year , mean that Gryffindor have be a player short and have suffer their bad defeat in three hundred year . Wood take a moment to regain control of himself . their last defeat be clearly still torture him . " so this year , we train harder than ever before . ... Okay , let be go and put our new theory into practice ! " Wood shout , seize his broomstick and lead the way out of the locker room . Stiff-legged and still yawn , his team follow . they have be in the locker room so long that the sun be up completely now , although remnant of mist hang over the grass in the stadium . as Harry walk onto the field , he see Ron and Hermione sit in the stand . " be n't you finish yet ? " call Ron incredulously . " have n't even start , " say Harry , look jealously at the toast and marmalade Ron and Hermione have bring out of the Great Hall . " Wood have be teach us new move . " he mount his broomstick and kick at the ground , soar up into the air . the cool morning air whip his face , wake him far more effectively than Wood 's long talk . it feel wonderful to be back on the Quidditch field . he soar right around the stadium at full speed , race Fred and George . " what be that funny click noise ? " call Fred as they hurtle around the corner . Harry look into the stand . Colin be sit in one of the high seat , his camera raise , take picture after picture , the sound strangely magnify in the desert stadium . " look this way , Harry ! this way ! " he cry shrilly . " who be that ? " say Fred . " no idea , " Harry lie , put on a spurt of speed that take him as far away as possible from Colin . " what be go on ? " say Wood , frown , as he skim through the air toward them . " why be that first year take picture ? I do n't like it . he could be a Slytherin spy , try to find out about our new training program . " " he be in Gryffindor , " say Harry quickly . " and the Slytherins do n't need a spy , Oliver , " say George . " what make you say that ? " say Wood testily . " because they be here in person , " say George , point . several people in green robe be walk onto the field , broomstick in their hand . " I do n't believe it ! " Wood hiss in outrage . " I book the field for today ! we will see about this ! " Wood shoot toward the ground , land rather hard than he mean to in his anger , stagger slightly as he dismount . Harry , Fred , and George follow . " Flint ! " Wood bellow at the Slytherin Captain . " this be our practice time ! we get up specially ! you can clear off now ! " Marcus Flint be even large than Wood . he have a look of trollish cunning on his face as he reply , " Plenty of room for all of us , Wood . " Angelina , Alicia , and Katie have come over , too . there be no girl on the Slytherin team , who stand shoulder to shoulder , face the Gryffindors , leer to a man . " but I book the field ! " say Wood , positively spit with rage . " I book it ! " " ah , " say Flint . " but I have get a specially sign note here from Professor Snape . ' I , Professor S. Snape , give the Slytherin team permission to practice today on the Quidditch field owe to the need to train their new seeker . ' " " you have get a new seeker ? " say Wood , distract . " where ? " and from behind the six large figure before them come a seventh , small boy , smirk all over his pale , pointed face . it be Draco Malfoy . " be n't you Lucius Malfoy 's son ? " say Fred , look at Malfoy with dislike . " funny you should mention Draco 's father , " say Flint as the whole Slytherin team smile still more broadly . " let me show you the generous gift he be make to the Slytherin team . " all seven of them hold out their broomstick . seven highly polished , brand-new handle and seven set of fine gold lettering spell the word Nimbus Two Thousand and one gleam under the Gryffindors ' nose in the early morning sun . " very late model.Only come out last month , " say Flint carelessly , flick a speck of dust from the end of his own . " I believe it outstrip the old Two Thousand series by a considerable amount . as for the old Cleansweeps " -- he smile nastily at Fred and George , who be both clutch Cleansweep Fives -- " sweep the board with them . " none of the Gryffindor team could think of anything to say for a moment . Malfoy be smirk so broadly his cold eye be reduce to slit . " oh , look , " say Flint . " a field invasion . " Ron and Hermione be cross the grass to see what be go on . " what be happen ? " Ron ask Harry . " why be n't you play ? and what be he do here ? " he be look at Malfoy , take in his Slytherin Quidditch robe . " I be the new Slytherin Seeker , Weasley , " say Malfoy , smugly . " everyone have just be admire the broom my father have buy our team . " Ron gape , openmouthed , at the seven superb broomstick in front of him . " good , be n't they ? " say Malfoy smoothly . " but perhaps the Gryffindor team will be able to raise some gold and get new broom , too . you could raffle off those Cleansweep Fives ; I expect a museum would bid for them . " the Slytherin team howl with laughter . " at least no one on the Gryffindor team have to buy their way in , " say Hermione sharply . " they get in on pure talent . " the smug look on Malfoy 's face flicker . " no one ask your opinion , you filthy little Mudblood , " he spit . Harry know at once that Malfoy have say something really bad because there be an instant uproar at his word . Flint have to dive in front of Malfoy to stop Fred and George jump on him , Alicia shriek , " how dare you ! " , and Ron plunge his hand into his robe , pull out his wand , yell , " you will pay for that one , Malfoy ! " and point it furiously under Flint 's arm at Malfoy 's face . a loud bang echo around the stadium and a jet of green light shoot out of the wrong end of Ron 's wand , hit him in the stomach and send him reel backward onto the grass . " Ron ! Ron ! be you all right ? " squeal Hermione . Ron open his mouth to speak , but no word come out . instead he give an almighty belch and several slug dribble out of his mouth onto his lap . the Slytherin team be paralyze with laughter . Flint be double up , hang onto his new broomstick for support . Malfoy be on all four , bang the ground with his fist . the Gryffindors be gather around Ron , who keep belch large , glisten slug . nobody seem to want to touch him . " we will well get him to Hagrid 's , it 's near , " say Harry to Hermione , who nod bravely , and the pair of them pull Ron up by the arm . " what happen , Harry ? what happen ? be he ill ? but you can cure him , ca n't you ? " Colin have run down from his seat and be now dance alongside them as they leave the field . Ron give a huge heave and more slug dribble down his front . " Oooh , " say Colin , fascinate and raise his camera . " can you hold him still , Harry ? " " get out of the way , Colin ! " say Harry angrily . he and Hermione support Ron out of the stadium and across the ground toward the edge of the forest . " nearly there , Ron , " say Hermione as the gamekeeper 's cabin come into view . " you will be all right in a minute -- almost there -- " they be within twenty foot of Hagrid 's house when the front door open , but it be n't Hagrid who emerge . Gilderoy Lockhart , wear robe of pale mauve today , come stride out . " quick , behind here , " Harry hiss , drag Ron behind a nearby bush . Hermione follow , somewhat reluctantly . " it be a simple matter if you know what you be do ! " Lockhart be say loudly to Hagrid . " if you need help , you know where I be ! I will let you have a copy of my book . I be surprised you have n't already get one -- I will sign one tonight and send it over . well , good-bye ! " and he stride away toward the castle . Harry wait until Lockhart be out of sight , then pull Ron out of the bush and up to Hagrid 's front door . they knock urgently . Hagrid appear at once , look very grumpy , but his expression brighten when he see who it be . " bin wonderin ' when you will come ter see me -- come in , come in -- think you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again -- " Harry and Hermione support Ron over the threshold into the one-roomed cabin , which have an enormous bed in one corner , a fire crackle merrily in the other . Hagrid do n't seem perturb by Ron 's slug problem , which Harry hastily explain as he lower Ron into a chair . " well out than in , " he say cheerfully , plunk a large copper basin in front of him . " get ' em all up , Ron . " " I do n't think there be anything to do except wait for it to stop , " say Hermione anxiously , watch Ron bend over the basin . " that be a difficult curse to work at the good of time , but with a break wand -- " Hagrid be bustle around make them tea . his boarhound , Fang , be slobber over Harry . " what do Lockhart want with you , Hagrid ? " Harry ask , scratch Fang 's ear . " Givin ' me advice on gettin ' kelpie out of a well , " growl Hagrid , move a half-plucked rooster off his scrub table and set down the teapot . " like I don ' know . an ' bangin ' on about some banshee he banish . if one word of it be true , I will eat my kettle . " it be most unlike Hagrid to criticize a Hogwarts teacher , and Harry look at him in surprise . Hermione , however , say in a voice somewhat high than usual , " I think you be be a bit unfair . Professor Dumbledore obviously think he be the good man for the job -- " " he be the on'y man for the job , " say Hagrid , offer them a plate of treacle toffee , while Ron cough squelchily into his basin . " an ' I mean the on'y one . Gettin ' very difficult ter find anyone fer the dark Arts job . people be n't too keen ter take it on , see . they be startin ' ter think it be jinx . no one have last long fer a while now . so tell me , " say Hagrid , jerk his head at Ron . " who be he tryin ' ter curse ? " " Malfoy call Hermione something -- it must have be really bad , because everyone go wild . " " it be bad , " say Ron hoarsely , emerge over the tabletop look pale and sweaty . " Malfoy call her ' Mudblood , ' Hagrid -- " Ron dive out of sight again as a fresh wave of slug make their appearance . Hagrid look outraged . " he didn ' ! " he growl at Hermione . " he do , " she say . " but I do n't know what it mean . I could tell it be really rude , of course -- " " it be about the most insulting thing he could think of , " gasp Ron , come back up . " Mudblood be a really foul name for someone who be Muggle-born -- you know , non-magic parent . there be some wizard -- like Malfoy 's family -- who think they be good than everyone else because they be what people call pure-blood . " he give a small burp , and a single slug fall into his outstretch hand . he throw it into the basin and continue , " I mean , the rest of us know it do n't make any difference at all . look at Neville Longbottom -- he 's pure-blood and he can hardly stand a cauldron the right way up . " " an ' they have n't invent a spell our Hermione can ' do , " say Hagrid proudly , make Hermione go a brilliant shade of magenta . " it be a disgusting thing to call someone , " say Ron , wipe his sweaty brow with a shake hand . " dirty blood , see . common blood . it be ridiculous . most wizard these day be half-blood anyway . if we have n't marry Muggles we will have die out . " he retch and duck out of sight again . " well , I don ' blame yeh fer tryin ' ter curse him , Ron , " say Hagrid loudly over the thud of more slug hit the basin . " Bu ' maybe it be a good thing yer wand backfire . ' Spect Lucius Malfoy would have come marchin ' up ter school if Yeh have curse his son . least yer not in trouble . " Harry would have point out that trouble do n't come much worse than have slug pour out of your mouth , but he could n't ; Hagrid 's treacle toffee have cement his jaw together . " Harry , " say Hagrid abruptly as though strike by a sudden thought . " Gotta bone ter pick with Yeh . I have hear you have bin givin ' out sign photo . how come I have n't get one ? " furious , Harry wrench his tooth apart . " I have not be give out sign photo , " he say hotly . " if Lockhart 's still spread that around -- " but then he see that Hagrid be laugh . " I be on'y jokin ' , " he say , pat Harry genially on the back and send him face first into the table . " I know Yeh have n't really . I tell Lockhart Yeh didn ' need teh . Yer more famous than him without tryin ' . " " bet he do n't like that , " say Harry , sit up and rub his chin . " Don ' think he do , " say Hagrid , his eye twinkling . " an ' then I tell him I will never read one o ' his book an ' he decide ter go . treacle toffee , Ron ? " he add as Ron reappear . " no thanks , " say Ron weakly . " well not risk it . " " come an ' see what I have bin growin ' , " say Hagrid as Harry and Hermione finish the last of their tea . in the small vegetable patch behind Hagrid 's house be a dozen of the large pumpkin Harry have ever see . each be the size of a large boulder . " Gettin ' on well , be n't they ? " say Hagrid happily . " Fer the Halloween feast ... should be big enough by then . " " what have you be feed them ? " say Harry . Hagrid look over his shoulder to check that they be alone . " well , I have bin givin ' them -- you know -- a bit o ' help -- " Harry notice Hagrid 's flowery pink umbrella lean against the back wall of the cabin . Harry have have reason to believe before now that this umbrella be not all it look ; in fact , he have the strong impression that Hagrid 's old school wand be conceal inside it . Hagrid be n't suppose to use magic . he have be expel from Hogwarts in his third year , but Harry have never find out why -- any mention of the matter and Hagrid would clear his throat loudly and become mysteriously deaf until the subject be change . " an Engorgement Charm , I suppose ? " say Hermione , halfway between disapproval and amusement . " well , you have do a good job on them . " " that be what yer little sister say , " say Hagrid , nod at Ron . " meet her jus ' yesterday . " Hagrid look sideways at Harry , his beard twitch . " say she be jus ' lookin ' around the ground , but I reckon she be hopin ' she might run inter someone else at my house . " he wink at Harry . " if yeh ask me , she wouldn ' say no ter a sign -- " " oh , shut up , " say Harry . Ron snort with laughter and the ground be spray with slug . " watch it ! " Hagrid roar , pull Ron away from his precious pumpkin . it be nearly lunchtime and as Harry have only have one bit of treacle toffee since dawn , he be keen to go back to school to eat . they say good-bye to Hagrid and walk back up to the castle , Ron hiccough occasionally , but only bring up two very small slug . they have barely set foot in the cool entrance hall when a voice ring out , " there you be , Potter -- Weasley . " Professor McGonagall be walk toward them , look stern . " you will both do your detention this evening . " " what be we do , Professor ? " say Ron , nervously suppress a burp . " you will be polish the silver in the trophy room with Mr. Filch , " say Professor McGonagall . " and no magic , Weasley -- elbow grease . " Ron gulp . Argus Filch , the caretaker , be loathe by every student in the school . " and you , Potter , will be help Professor Lockhart answer his fan mail , " say Professor McGonagall . " oh n -- Professor , ca n't I go and do the trophy room , too ? " say Harry desperately . " certainly not , " say Professor McGonagall , raise her eyebrow . " Professor Lockhart request you particularly . eight o'clock sharp , both of you . " Harry and Ron slouch into the Great Hall in state of deep gloom , Hermione behind them , wear a well-you-did-break-school-rules sort of expression . Harry do n't enjoy his shepherd 's pie as much as he have think . both he and Ron feel they have get the bad deal . " filch will have me there all night , " say Ron heavily . " no magic ! there must be about a hundred cup in that room . I be no good at Muggle cleaning . " " I will swap anytime , " say Harry hollowly . " I have have load of practice with the Dursley . answer Lockhart 's fan mail ... he will be a nightmare . ... " Saturday afternoon seem to melt away , and in what seem like no time , it be five minute to eight , and Harry be drag his foot along the second-floor corridor to Lockhart 's office . he grit his tooth and knock . the door fly open at once . Lockhart beam down at him . " ah , here be the scalawag ! " he say . " come in , Harry , come in -- " shine brightly on the wall by the light of many candle be countless frame photograph of Lockhart . he have even sign a few of them . another large pile lie on his desk . " you can address the envelope ! " Lockhart tell Harry , as though this be a huge treat . " this first one be to Gladys Gudgeon , bless her -- huge fan of mine -- " the minute snailed by . Harry let Lockhart 's voice wash over him , occasionally say , " Mmm " and " Right " and " Yeah . " now and then he catch a phrase like , " Fame be a fickle friend , Harry , " or " Celebrity be as celebrity do , remember that . " the candle burn low and low , make the light dance over the many move face of Lockhart watch him . Harry move his ache hand over what feel like the thousandth envelope , write out Veronica Smethley 's address . it must be nearly time to leave , Harry think miserably , please let it be nearly time . ... and then he hear something -- something quite apart from the spit of the die candle and Lockhart 's prattle about his fan . it be a voice , a voice to chill the bone marrow , a voice of breathtaking , ice-cold venom . " come ... come to me . ... let me rip you . ... let me tear you . ... let me kill you . ... " Harry give a huge jump and a large lilac blot appear on Veronica Smethley 's street . " what ? " he say loudly . " I know ! " say Lockhart . " six solid month at the top of the best-seller list ! broke all record ! " " no , " say Harry frantically . " that voice ! " " sorry ? " say Lockhart , look puzzle . " what voice ? " " that -- that voice that say -- do n't you hear it ? " Lockhart be look at Harry in high astonishment . " what be you talk about , Harry ? perhaps you be get a little drowsy ? Great Scott -- look at the time ! " we have be here nearly four hour ! I will never have believe it -- the time be flow , have n't it ? " Harry do n't answer . he be strain his ear to hear the voice again , but there be no sound now except for Lockhart tell him he must n't expect a treat like this every time he get detention . feeling daze , Harry leave . it be so late that the Gryffindor common room be almost empty . Harry go straight up to the dormitory . Ron be n't back yet . Harry pull on his pajamas , get into bed , and wait . half an hour later , Ron arrive , nurse his right arm and bring a strong smell of polish into the darken room . " my muscle have all seize up , " he groan , sink on his bed . " fourteen time he make me buff up that Quidditch Cup before he be satisfy . and then I have another slug attack all over a special Award for Services to the School . take age to get the slime off . ... how be it with Lockhart ? " keep his voice low so as not to wake Neville , Dean , and Seamus , Harry tell Ron exactly what he have hear . " and Lockhart say he could n't hear it ? " say Ron . Harry could see him frown in the moonlight . " D'you think he be lie ? but I do n't get it -- even someone invisible would have have to open the door . " " I know , " say Harry , lie back in his four-poster and stare at the canopy above him . " I do n't get it either . " the Deathday Party October arrive , spread a damp chill over the ground and into the castle . madam Pomfrey , the nurse , be keep busy by a sudden spate of cold among the staff and student . her Pepperup Potion work instantly , though it leave the drinker smoking at the ear for several hour afterward . Ginny Weasley , who have be look pale , be bully into take some by Percy . the steam pour from under her vivid hair give the impression that her whole head be on fire . raindrop the size of bullet thunder on the castle window for day on end ; the lake rise , the flower bed turn into muddy stream , and Hagrid 's pumpkin swell to the size of garden shed . Oliver Wood 's enthusiasm for regular training session , however , be not dampen , which be why Harry be to be find , late one stormy Saturday afternoon a few day before Halloween , return to Gryffindor Tower , drench to the skin and splatter with mud . even aside from the rain and wind it have n't be a happy practice session . Fred and George , who have be spy on the Slytherin team , have see for themselves the speed of those new Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones . they report that the Slytherin team be no more than seven greenish blur , shoot through the air like missile . as Harry squelch along the desert corridor he come across somebody who look just as preoccupy as he be . nearly Headless Nick , the ghost of Gryffindor Tower , be stare morosely out of a window , mutter under his breath , " ... do n't fulfill their requirement ... half an inch , if that ... " " hello , Nick , " say Harry . " hello , hello , " say nearly Headless Nick , start and look round . he wear a dashing , plume hat on his long curly hair , and a tunic with a ruff , which conceal the fact that his neck be almost completely sever . he be pale as smoke , and Harry could see right through him to the dark sky and torrential rain outside . " you look troubled , young Potter , " say Nick , fold a transparent letter as he speak and tuck it inside his doublet . " so do you , " say Harry . " ah , " nearly Headless Nick wave an elegant hand , " a matter of no importance . ... it be not as though I really want to join . ... thought I will apply , but apparently I ' do n't fulfill requirement ' -- " in spite of his airy tone , there be a look of great bitterness on his face . " but you would think , would n't you , " he erupt suddenly , pull the letter back out of his pocket , " that get hit forty-five time in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt ? " " oh -- yes , " say Harry , who be obviously suppose to agree . " I mean , nobody wish more than I do that it have all be quick and clean , and my head have come off properly , I mean , it would have save me a great deal of pain and ridicule . however -- " nearly Headless Nick shake his letter open and read furiously : " ' we can only accept huntsman whose head have part company with their body . you will appreciate that it would be impossible otherwise for member to participate in hunt activity such as Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo . it be with the great regret , therefore , that I must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirement . with very good wish , Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore . ' " Fuming , nearly Headless Nick stuff the letter away . " half an inch of skin and sinew hold my neck on , Harry ! most people would think that be good and behead , but oh , no , it be not enough for Sir Properly Decapitated-Podmore . " nearly Headless Nick take several deep breath and then say , in a far calm tone , " so -- what be bother you ? anything I can do ? " " no , " say Harry . " not unless you know where we can get seven free Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for our match against Sly -- " the rest of Harry 's sentence be drown out by a high-pitched mewl from somewhere near his ankle . he look down and find himself gaze into a pair of lamp-like yellow eye . it be Mrs. Norris , the skeletal gray cat who be use by the caretaker , Argus Filch , as a sort of deputy in his endless battle against student . " you will well get out of here , Harry , " say Nick quickly . " filch be n't in a good mood -- he have get the flu and some third year accidentally plaster frog brain all over the ceiling in dungeon five . he have be clean all morning , and if he see you dripping mud all over the place -- " " right , " say Harry , back away from the accuse stare of Mrs. Norris , but not quickly enough . draw to the spot by the mysterious power that seem to connect him with his foul cat , Argus Filch burst suddenly through a tapestry to Harry 's right , wheeze and look wildly about for the rule-breaker . there be a thick tartan scarf bind around his head , and his nose be unusually purple . " filth ! " he shout , his jowl aquiver , his eye pop alarmingly as he point at the muddy puddle that have drip from Harry 's Quidditch robe . " mess and muck everywhere ! I have have enough of it , I tell you ! follow me , Potter ! " so Harry wave a gloomy good-bye to nearly headless Nick and follow Filch back downstairs , double the number of muddy footprint on the floor . Harry have never be inside Filch 's office before ; it be a place most student avoid . the room be dingy and windowless , light by a single oil lamp dangle from the low ceiling . a faint smell of fried fish linger about the place . wooden filing cabinet stand around the wall ; from their label , Harry could see that they contain detail of every pupil Filch have ever punish . Fred and George Weasley have an entire drawer to themselves . a highly polished collection of chain and manacle hang on the wall behind Filch 's desk . it be common knowledge that he be always beg Dumbledore to let him suspend student by their ankle from the ceiling . filch grab a quill from a pot on his desk and begin shuffle around look for parchment . " dung , " he mutter furiously , " great sizzling dragon bogey ... frog brain ... rat intestine ... I have have enough of it ... make an example ... where be the form ... yes ... " he retrieve a large roll of parchment from his desk drawer and stretch it out in front of him , dip his long black quill into the ink pot . " name ... Harry Potter . crime ... " " it be only a bit of mud ! " say Harry . " it be only a bit of mud to you , boy , but to me it be an extra hour scrub ! " shout Filch , a drip shiver unpleasantly at the end of his bulbous nose . " crime ... befoul the castle ... suggest sentence ... " Dabbing at his stream nose , Filch squint unpleasantly at Harry , who wait with bate breath for his sentence to fall . but as Filch lower his quill , there be a great Bang ! on the ceiling of the office , which make the oil lamp rattle . " peeve ! " filch roar , fling down his quill in a transport of rage . " I will have you this time , I will have you ! " and without a backward glance at Harry , Filch run flat-footed from the office , Mrs. Norris streak alongside him . peeve be the school poltergeist , a grin , airborne menace who live to cause havoc and distress . Harry do n't much like Peeves , but could n't help feel grateful for his timing . hopefully , whatever Peeves have do ( and it sound as though he have wreck something very big this time ) would distract Filch from Harry . think that he should probably wait for Filch to come back , Harry sink into a moth-eaten chair next to the desk . there be only one thing on it apart from his half-completed form : a large , glossy , purple envelope with silver lettering on the front . with a quick glance at the door to check that Filch be n't on his way back , Harry pick up the envelope and read : intrigue , Harry flick the envelope open and pull out the sheaf of parchment inside . more curly silver write on the front page say : feel out of step in the world of modern magic ? find yourself make excuse not to perform simple spell ? ever be taunt for your woeful wandwork ? there be an answer ! Kwikspell be an all-new , fail-safe , quick-result , easy-learn course . hundred of witch and wizard have benefit from the Kwikspell method ! madam Z. Nettles of Topsham write : " I have no memory for incantation and my potion be a family joke ! now , after a Kwikspell course , I be the center of attention at party and friend beg for the recipe of my Scintillation Solution ! " Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury say : " my wife use to sneer at my feeble charm , but one month into your fabulous Kwikspell course and I succeed in turn her into a yak ! thank you , Kwikspell ! " fascinate , Harry thumb through the rest of the envelope 's content . why on earth do Filch want a Kwikspell course ? do this mean he be n't a proper wizard ? Harry be just read " Lesson one : hold your Wand ( some Useful Tips ) " when shuffling footstep outside tell him Filch be come back . stuff the parchment back into the envelope , Harry throw it back onto the desk just as the door open . filch be look triumphant . " that vanish cabinet be extremely valuable ! " he be say gleefully to Mrs. Norris . " we will have Peeves out this time , my sweet -- " his eye fall on Harry and then dart to the Kwikspell envelope , which , Harry realize too late , be lie two foot away from where it have start . filch 's pasty face go brick red . Harry brace himself for a tidal wave of fury . filch hobble across to his desk , snatch up the envelope , and throw it into a drawer . " have you -- do you read -- ? " he sputter . " no , " Harry lie quickly . filch 's knobbly hand be twist together . " if I think you will read my private -- not that it be mine -- for a friend -- be that as it may -- however -- " Harry be stare at him , alarm ; Filch have never look madder . his eye be pop , a tic be go in one of his pouchy cheek , and the tartan scarf do n't help . " very well -- go -- and do n't breathe a word -- not that -- however , if you do n't read -- go now , I have to write up Peeves ' report -- go -- " amazed at his luck , Harry speed out of the office , up the corridor , and back upstairs . to escape from Filch 's office without punishment be probably some kind of school record . " Harry ! Harry ! do it work ? " nearly Headless Nick come glide out of a classroom . behind him , Harry could see the wreckage of a large black-and-gold cabinet that appear to have be drop from a great height . " I persuade Peeves to crash it right over Filch 's office , " say Nick eagerly . " think it might distract him -- " " be that you ? " say Harry gratefully . " yeah , it work , I do n't even get detention . thanks , Nick ! " they set off up the corridor together . nearly Headless Nick , Harry notice , be still hold Sir Patrick 's rejection letter . " I wish there be something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt , " Harry say . nearly Headless Nick stop in his track and Harry walk right through him . he wish he have n't ; it be like step through an icy shower . " but there be something you could do for me , " say Nick excitedly . " Harry -- would I be ask too much -- but no , you would n't want -- " " what be it ? " say Harry . " well , this Halloween will be my five hundredth deathday , " say nearly Headless Nick , draw himself up and look dignified . " oh , " say Harry , not sure whether he should look sorry or happy about this . " right . " " I be hold a party down in one of the roomy dungeon . friend will be come from all over the country . it would be such an honor if you would attend . Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger would be most welcome , too , of course -- but I daresay you will rather go to the school feast ? " he watch Harry on tenterhook . " no , " say Harry quickly , " I will come -- " " my dear boy ! Harry Potter , at my deathday party ! and " -- he hesitate , look excited -- " do you think you could possibly mention to Sir Patrick how very frightening and impressive you find me ? " " of -- of course , " say Harry . nearly Headless Nick beam at him . " a deathday party ? " say Hermione keenly when Harry have change at last and join her and Ron in the common room . " I bet there be n't many live people who can say they have be to one of those -- it will be fascinating ! " " why would anyone want to celebrate the day they die ? " say Ron , who be halfway through his potion homework and grumpy . " sound dead depressing to me . ... " Rain be still lash the window , which be now inky black , but inside all look bright and cheerful . the firelight glow over the countless squashy armchair where people sit reading , talk , do homework or , in the case of Fred and George Weasley , try to find out what would happen if you feed a Filibuster firework to a salamander . Fred have " rescue " the brilliant orange , fire-dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class and it be now smolder gently on a table surround by a knot of curious people . Harry be at the point of tell Ron and Hermione about Filch and the Kwikspell course when the salamander suddenly whizz into the air , emit loud spark and bang as it whirl wildly round the room . the sight of Percy bellow himself hoarse at Fred and George , the spectacular display of tangerine star shower from the salamander 's mouth , and its escape into the fire , with accompanying explosion , drive both Filch and the Kwikspell envelope from Harry 's mind . by the time Halloween arrive , Harry be regret his rash promise to go to the deathday party . the rest of the school be happily anticipate their Halloween feast ; the Great Hall have be decorate with the usual live bat , Hagrid 's vast pumpkin have be carve into lantern large enough for three man to sit in , and there be rumor that Dumbledore have book a troupe of dance skeleton for the entertainment . " a promise be a promise , " Hermione remind Harry bossily . " you say you will go to the deathday party . " so at seven o'clock , Harry , Ron , and Hermione walk straight past the doorway to the packed Great Hall , which be glitter invitingly with gold plate and candle , and direct their step instead toward the dungeon . the passageway lead to nearly headless Nick 's party have be line with candle , too , though the effect be far from cheerful : these be long , thin , jet-black taper , all burning bright blue , cast a dim , ghostly light even over their own living face . the temperature drop with every step they take . as Harry shiver and draw his robe tightly around him , he hear what sound like a thousand fingernail scrape an enormous blackboard . " be that suppose to be music ? " Ron whisper . they turn a corner and see nearly headless Nick standing at a doorway hang with black velvet drape . " my dear friend , " he say mournfully . " welcome , welcome ... so please you could come . ... " he sweep off his plume hat and bow them inside . it be an incredible sight . the dungeon be full of hundred of pearly-white , translucent people , mostly drift around a crowded dance floor , waltz to the dreadful , quaver sound of thirty musical saw , play by an orchestra on a raise , black-draped platform . a chandelier overhead blaze midnight-blue with a thousand more black candle . their breath rise in a mist before them ; it be like step into a freezer . " shall we have a look around ? " Harry suggest , want to warm up his foot . " careful not to walk through anyone , " say Ron nervously , and they set off around the edge of the dance floor . they pass a group of gloomy nun , a ragged man wear chain , and the Fat Friar , a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost , who be talk to a knight with an arrow stick out of his forehead . Harry be n't surprise to see that the Bloody Baron , a gaunt , stare Slytherin ghost cover in silver bloodstain , be be give a wide berth by the other ghost . " oh , no , " say Hermione , stop abruptly . " turn back , turn back , I do n't want to talk to Moaning Myrtle -- " " who ? " say Harry as they backtrack quickly . " she haunt one of the toilet in the girl ' bathroom on the first floor , " say Hermione . " she haunt a toilet ? " " yes . it have be out-of-order all year because she keep have tantrum and flood the place . I never go in there anyway if I could avoid it ; it be awful try to have a pee with her wail at you -- " " Look , food ! " say Ron . on the other side of the dungeon be a long table , also cover in black velvet . they approach it eagerly but next moment have stop in their track , horrify . the smell be quite disgusting . large , rotten fish be lay on handsome silver platter ; cake , burned charcoal-black , be heap on salver ; there be a great maggoty haggis , a slab of cheese cover in furry green mold and , in pride of place , an enormous gray cake in the shape of a tombstone , with tar-like icing form the word , Harry watch , amazed , as a portly ghost approach the table , crouch low , and walk through it , his mouth hold wide so that it pass through one of the stinking salmon . " can you taste it if you walk through it ? " Harry ask him . " almost , " say the ghost sadly , and he drift away . " I expect they have let it rot to give it a strong flavor , " say Hermione knowledgeably , pinch her nose and lean closer to look at the putrid haggis . " can we move ? I feel sick , " say Ron . they have barely turn around , however , when a little man swoop suddenly from under the table and come to a halt in midair before them . " hello , Peeves , " say Harry cautiously . unlike the ghost around them , Peeves the poltergeist be the very reverse of pale and transparent . he be wear a bright orange party hat , a revolving bow tie , and a broad grin on his wide , wicked face . " nibble ? " he say sweetly , offer them a bowl of peanut cover in fungus . " no thanks , " say Hermione . " hear you talk about poor Myrtle , " say Peeves , his eye dancing . " Rude you be about poor Myrtle . " he take a deep breath and bellow , " Oy ! myrtle ! " " oh , no , Peeves , do n't tell her what I say , she will be really upset , " Hermione whisper frantically . " I do n't mean it , I do n't mind her -- er , hello , Myrtle . " the squat ghost of a girl have glide over . she have the glum face Harry have ever see , half-hidden behind lank hair and thick , pearly spectacle . " what ? " she say sulkily . " how be you , Myrtle ? " say Hermione in a falsely bright voice . " it be nice to see you out of the toilet . " Myrtle sniff . " Miss Granger be just talk about you -- " say Peeves slyly in Myrtle 's ear . " just say -- say -- how nice you look tonight , " say Hermione , glaring at Peeves . Myrtle eye Hermione suspiciously . " you be make fun of me , " she say , silver tear well rapidly in her small , see-through eye . " no -- honestly -- do n't I just say how nice Myrtle be look ? " say Hermione , nudge Harry and Ron painfully in the rib . " oh , yeah -- " " she do -- " " do n't lie to me , " Myrtle gasp , tear now flood down her face , while Peeves chuckle happily over her shoulder . " D'you think I do n't know what people call me behind my back ? Fat Myrtle ! ugly Myrtle ! miserable , moan , mope Myrtle ! " " you have forget pimply , " Peeves hiss in her ear . moan Myrtle burst into anguish sob and flee from the dungeon . peeve shoot after her , pelt her with moldy peanut , yell , " Pimply ! pimply ! " " oh , dear , " say Hermione sadly . nearly Headless Nick now drift toward them through the crowd . " enjoy yourselves ? " " oh , yes , " they lie . " not a bad turnout , " say nearly Headless Nick proudly . " the Wailing Widow come all the way up from Kent . ... it be nearly time for my speech , I will well go and warn the orchestra . ... " the orchestra , however , stop play at that very moment . they , and everyone else in the dungeon , fall silent , look around in excitement , as a hunting horn sound . " oh , here we go , " say nearly Headless Nick bitterly . through the dungeon wall burst a dozen ghost horse , each ride by a headless horseman . the assembly clap wildly ; Harry start to clap , too , but stop quickly at the sight of Nick 's face . the horse gallop into the middle of the dance floor and halt , rear and plunge . at the front of the pack be a large ghost who hold his bearded head under his arm , from which position he be blow the horn . the ghost leap down , lift his head high in the air so he could see over the crowd ( everyone laugh ) , and stride over to nearly headless Nick , squash his head back onto his neck . " Nick ! " he roar . " how be you ? head still hang in there ? " he give a hearty guffaw and clap nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder . " welcome , Patrick , " say Nick stiffly . " Live ' uns ! " say Sir Patrick , spot Harry , Ron , and Hermione and give a huge , fake jump of astonishment , so that his head fall off again ( the crowd howl with laughter ) . " very amusing , " say nearly Headless Nick darkly . " do n't mind Nick ! " shout Sir Patrick 's head from the floor . " still upset we wo n't let him join the Hunt ! but I mean to say -- look at the fellow -- " " I think , " say Harry hurriedly , at a meaningful look from Nick , " Nick be very -- frightening and -- er -- " " Ha ! " yell Sir Patrick 's head . " bet he ask you to say that ! " " if I could have everyone 's attention , it be time for my speech ! " say nearly Headless Nick loudly , stride toward the podium and climb into an icy blue spotlight . " my late lamented lord , lady , and gentleman , it be my great sorrow ... " but nobody hear much more . Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt have just start a game of Head Hockey and the crowd be turn to watch . nearly Headless Nick try vainly to recapture his audience , but give up as Sir Patrick 's head go sail past him to loud cheer . Harry be very cold by now , not to mention hungry . " I ca n't stand much more of this , " Ron mutter , his tooth chatter , as the orchestra ground back into action and the ghost sweep back onto the dance floor . " let be go , " Harry agree . they back toward the door , nod and beam at anyone who look at them , and a minute later be hurry back up the passageway full of black candle . " pudding might not be finish yet , " say Ron hopefully , lead the way toward the step to the entrance hall . and then Harry hear it . " ... rip ... tear ... kill ... " it be the same voice , the same cold , murderous voice he have hear in Lockhart 's office . he stumble to a halt , clutch at the stone wall , listen with all his might , look around , squint up and down the dimly light passageway . " Harry , what be you -- ? " " it be that voice again -- shut up a minute -- " " ... soohungry ... for so long ... " " Listen ! " say Harry urgently , and Ron and Hermione freeze , watch him . " ... kill ... time to kill ... " the voice be grow fainter . Harry be sure it be move away -- move upward . a mixture of fear and excitement grip him as he stare at the dark ceiling ; how could it be move upward ? be it a phantom , to whom stone ceiling do n't matter ? " this way , " he shout , and he begin to run , up the stair , into the entrance hall . it be no good hope to hear anything here , the babble of talk from the Halloween feast be echo out of the Great Hall . Harry sprint up the marble staircase to the first floor , Ron and Hermione clatter behind him . " Harry , what be we -- " " SHH ! " Harry strain his ear . distantly , from the floor above , and grow fainter still , he hear the voice : " ... I smell blood . ... I SMELL Blood ! " his stomach lurch - " it be go to kill someone ! " he shout , and ignore Ron 's and Hermione 's bewilder face , he run up the next flight of step three at a time , try to listen over his own pound footstep - Harry hurtle around the whole of the second floor , Ron and Hermione pant behind him , not stop until they turn a corner into the last , desert passage . " Harry , what be that all about ? " say Ron , wipe sweat off his face . " I could n't hear anything . ... " but Hermione give a sudden gasp , point down the corridor . " look ! " something be shine on the wall ahead . they approach slowly , squint through the darkness . foot-high word have be daub on the wall between two window , shimmer in the light cast by the flaming torch . the Chamber of SECRETS have Been OPENED . enemy of the HEIR , BEWARE . " what be that thing -- hang underneath ? " say Ron , a slight quiver in his voice . as they edge near , Harry almost slip -- there be a large puddle of water on the floor ; Ron and Hermione grab him , and they inch toward the message , eye fix on a dark shadow beneath it . all three of them realize what it be at once , and leap backward with a splash . Mrs. Norris , the caretaker 's cat , be hang by her tail from the torch bracket . she be stiff as a board , her eye wide and stare . for a few second , they do n't move . then Ron say , " let be get out of here . " " should n't we try and help -- " Harry begin awkwardly . " trust me , " say Ron . " we do n't want to be find here . " but it be too late . a rumble , as though of distant thunder , tell them that the feast have just end . from either end of the corridor where they stand come the sound of hundred of foot climb the stair , and the loud , happy talk of well-fed people ; next moment , student be crash into the passage from both end . the chatter , the bustle , the noise die suddenly as the people in front spot the hang cat . Harry , Ron , and Hermione stand alone , in the middle of the corridor , as silence fall among the mass of student press forward to see the grisly sight . then someone shout through the quiet . " enemy of the Heir , beware ! you will be next , Mudbloods ! " it be Draco Malfoy . he have push to the front of the crowd , his cold eye alive , his usually bloodless face flush , as he grin at the sight of the hanging , immobile cat . the write on the Wall " what be go on here ? what be go on ? " attract no doubt by Malfoy 's shout , Argus Filch come shoulder his way through the crowd . then he see Mrs. Norris and fall back , clutch his face in horror . " my cat ! my cat ! what be happen to Mrs. Norris ? " he shriek . and his pop eye fall on Harry . " you ! " he screech . " you ! you have murder my cat ! you have kill her ! I will kill you ! I will -- " " Argus ! " Dumbledore have arrive on the scene , follow by a number of other teacher . in second , he have sweep past Harry , Ron , and Hermione and detach Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket . " come with me , Argus , " he say to Filch . " you , too , Mr. Potter , Mr. Weasley , Miss Granger . " Lockhart step forward eagerly . " my office be near , Headmaster -- just upstairs -- please feel free -- " " thank you , Gilderoy , " say Dumbledore . the silent crowd part to let them pass . Lockhart , look excited and important , hurried after Dumbledore ; so do Professors McGonagall and Snape . as they enter Lockhart 's darken office there be a flurry of movement across the wall ; Harry see several of the Lockharts in the picture dodge out of sight , their hair in roller . the real Lockhart light the candle on his desk and stand back . Dumbledore lay Mrs. Norris on the polished surface and begin to examine her . Harry , Ron , and Hermione exchange tense look and sink into chair outside the pool of candlelight , watch . the tip of Dumbledore 's long , crooked nose be barely an inch from Mrs. Norris 's fur . he be look at her closely through his half-moon spectacle , his long finger gently prod and poke . Professor McGonagall be bend almost as close , her eye narrow . Snape loom behind them , half in shadow , wear a most peculiar expression : it be as though he be try hard not to smile . and Lockhart be hover around all of them , make suggestion . " it be definitely a curse that kill her -- probably the Trans-mogrifian Torture -- I have see it use many time , so unlucky I be n't there , I know the very countercurse that would have save her . ... " Lockhart 's comment be punctuate by Filch 's dry , rack sob . he be slump in a chair by the desk , unable to look at Mrs. Norris , his face in his hand . much as he detest Filch , Harry could n't help feel a bit sorry for him , though not nearly as sorry as he feel for himself . if Dumbledore believe Filch , he would be expel for sure . Dumbledore be now mutter strange word under his breath and tap Mrs. Norris with his wand but nothing happen : she continue to look as though she have be recently stuff . " ... I remember something very similar happening in Oua-gadogou , " say Lockhart , " a series of attack , the full story be in my autobiography , I be able to provide the townsfolk with various amulet , which clear the matter up at once . ... " the photograph of Lockhart on the wall be all nod in agreement as he talk . one of them have forget to remove his hair net . at last Dumbledore straighten up . " she be not dead , Argus , " he say softly . Lockhart stop abruptly in the middle of count the number of murder he have prevent . " not dead ? " choke Filch , look through his finger at Mrs. Norris . " but why be she all -- all stiff and frozen ? " " she have be Petrified , " say Dumbledore ( " ah ! I think so ! " say Lockhart ) . " but how , I can say . ... " " Ask him ! " shriek Filch , turn his blotch and tearstained face to Harry . " no second year could have do this , " say Dumbledore firmly . " it would take Dark Magic of the most advanced -- " " he do it , he do it ! " filch spit , his pouchy face purpling . " you see what he write on the wall ! he find -- in my office -- he know I be a -- I be a -- " Filch 's face work horribly . " he know I be a Squib ! " he finish . " I never touch Mrs. Norris ! " Harry say loudly , uncomfortably aware of everyone look at him , include all the Lockharts on the wall . " and I do n't even know what a Squib be . " " rubbish ! " snarl Filch . " he see my Kwikspell letter ! " " if I might speak , Headmaster , " say Snape from the shadow , and Harry 's sense of forebode increase ; he be sure nothing Snape have to say be go to do him any good . " Potter and his friend may have simply be in the wrong place at the wrong time , " he say , a slight sneer curl his mouth as though he doubt it . " but we do have a set of suspicious circumstance here . why be he in the upstairs corridor at all ? why be n't he at the Halloween feast ? " Harry , Ron and Hermione all launch into an explanation about the deathday party . " ... there be hundred of ghost , they will tell you we be there -- " " but why not join the feast afterward ? " say Snape , his black eye glitter in the candlelight . " why go up to that corridor ? " Ron and Hermione look at Harry . " because -- because -- " Harry say , his heart thump very fast ; something tell him it would sound very far-fetched if he tell them he have be lead there by a bodiless voice no one but he could hear , " because we be tire and want to go to bed , " he say . " without any supper ? " say Snape , a triumphant smile flicker across his gaunt face . " I do n't think ghost provide food fit for live people at their party . " " we be n't hungry , " say Ron loudly as his stomach give a huge rumble . Snape 's nasty smile widen . " I suggest , Headmaster , that Potter be not be entirely truthful , " he say . " it might be a good idea if he be deprive of certain privilege until he be ready to tell us the whole story . I personally feel he should be take off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he be ready to be honest . " " really , Severus , " say Professor McGonagall sharply , " I see no reason to stop the boy play Quidditch . this cat be n't hit over the head with a broomstick . there be no evidence at all that Potter have do anything wrong . " Dumbledore be give Harry a search look . his twinkling light-blue gaze make Harry feel as though he be be X-rayed . " innocent until proven guilty , Severus , " he say firmly . Snape look furious . so do Filch . " my cat have be petrify ! " he shriek , his eye pop . " I want to see some punishment ! " " we will be able to cure her , Argus , " say Dumbledore patiently . " Professer Sprout recently manage to procure some Mandrakes . as soon as they have reach their full size , I will have a potion make that will revive Mrs. Norris . " " I will make it , " Lockhart butt in . " I must have do it a hundred time . I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep -- " " Excuse me , " say Snape icily . " but I believe I be the potion master at this school . " there be a very awkward pause . " you may go , " Dumbledore say to Harry , Ron , and Hermione . they go , as quickly as they could without actually run . when they be a floor up from Lockhart 's office , they turn into an empty classroom and close the door quietly behind them . Harry squint at his friend ' darken face . " D'you think I should have tell them about that voice I hear ? " " no , " say Ron , without hesitation . " hearing voice no one else can hear be n't a good sign , even in the wizarding world . " something in Ron 's voice make Harry ask , " you do believe me , do n't you ? " " ' Course I do , " say Ron quickly . " but -- you must admit it be weird . ... " " I know it be weird , " say Harry . " the whole thing be weird . what be that write on the wall about ? ' the Chamber Has Been Opened ' . ... what be that suppose to mean ? " " you know , it ring a sort of bell , " say Ron slowly . " I think someone tell me a story about a secret chamber at Hogwarts once ... might have be Bill . ... " " and what on earth be a Squib ? " say Harry . to his surprise , Ron stifle a snigger . " well -- it be not funny really -- but as it be Filch , " he say . " a Squib be someone who be bear into a wizarding family but have n't get any magic power . kind of the opposite of Muggle-born wizard , but Squibs be quite unusual . if Filch be try to learn magic from a Kwikspell course , I reckon he must be a Squib . it would explain a lot . like why he hate student so much . " Ron give a satisfied smile . " he be bitter . " a clock chime somewhere . " midnight , " say Harry . " we will well get to bed before Snape come along and try to frame us for something else . " * * * for a few day , the school could talk of little else but the attack on Mrs. Norris . filch keep it fresh in everyone 's mind by pace the spot where she have be attack , as though he think the attacker might come back . Harry have see him scrub the message on the wall with Mrs. Skower 's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover , but to no effect ; the word still gleam as brightly as ever on the stone . when Filch be n't guard the scene of the crime , he be skulk red-eyed through the corridor , lunge out at unsuspecting student and try to put them in detention for thing like " breathe loudly " and " look happy . " Ginny Weasley seem very disturb by Mrs. Norris 's fate . accord to Ron , she be a great cat lover . " but you have n't really get to know Mrs. Norris , " Ron tell her bracingly . " honestly , we be much well off without her . " Ginny 's lip tremble . " stuff like this do n't often happen at Hogwarts , " Ron assure her . " they will catch the maniac who do it and have him out of here in no time . I just hope he be get time to Petrify Filch before he be expel . I be only joke -- " Ron add hastily as Ginny blanch . the attack have also have an effect on Hermione . it be quite usual for Hermione to spend a lot of time reading , but she be now do almost nothing else . nor could Harry and Ron get much response from her when they ask what she be up to , and not until the follow Wednesday do they find out . Harry have be hold back in potion , where Snape have make him stay behind to scrape tubeworms off the desk . after a hurried lunch , he go upstairs to meet Ron in the library , and see Justin Finch-Fletchley , the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology , come toward him . Harry have just open his mouth to say hello when Justin catch sight of him , turn abruptly , and speed off in the opposite direction . Harry find Ron at the back of the library , measure his history of Magic homework . Professor Binns have ask for a three-foot-long composition on " the Medieval Assembly of European wizard . " " I do n't believe it , I be still eight inch short . ... " say Ron furiously , let go of his parchment , which spring back into a roll . " and Hermione 's do four foot seven inch and her writing be tiny . " " where be she ? " ask Harry , grab the tape measure and unroll his own homework . " somewhere over there , " say Ron , point along the shelf . " look for another book . I think she be try to read the whole library before Christmas . " Harry tell Ron about Justin Finch-Fletchley run away from him . " dunno why you care . I think he be a bit of an idiot , " say Ron , scribble away , make his writing as large as possible . " all that junk about Lockhart be so great -- " Hermione emerge from between the bookshelve . she look irritable and at last seem ready to talk to them . " all the copy of Hogwarts , a history have be take out , " she say , sit down next to Harry and Ron . " and there be a two-week wait list . I wish I have n't leave my copy at home , but I could n't fit it in my trunk with all the Lockhart book . " " why do you want it ? " say Harry . " the same reason everyone else want it , " say Hermione , " to read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets . " " what be that ? " say Harry quickly . " that be just it . I ca n't remember , " say Hermione , bite her lip . " and I ca n't find the story anywhere else -- " " Hermione , let me read your composition , " say Ron desperately , check his watch . " no , I wo n't , " say Hermione , suddenly severe . " you have have ten day to finish it -- " " I only need another two inch , come on -- " the bell ring . Ron and Hermione lead the way to history of Magic , bickering . history of Magic be the dull subject on their schedule . Professor Binns , who teach it , be their only ghost teacher , and the most exciting thing that ever happen in his class be his enter the room through the blackboard . ancient and shrivel , many people say he have n't notice he be dead . he have simply get up to teach one day and leave his body behind him in an armchair in front of the staffroom fire ; his routine have not vary in the slight since . today be as bore as ever . Professor Binns open his note and begin to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum clean until nearly everyone in the class be in a deep stupor , occasionally come to long enough to copy down a name or date , then fall asleep again . he have be speak for half an hour when something happen that have never happen before . Hermione put up her hand . Professor Binns , glance up in the middle of a deadly dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention of @card@ , look amazed . " Miss -- er -- ? " " Granger , Professor . I be wonder if you could tell us anything about the Chamber of Secrets , " say Hermione in a clear voice . Dean Thomas , who have be sit with his mouth hang open , gaze out of the window , jerk out of his trance ; Lavender Brown 's head come up off her arm and Neville Longbottom 's elbow slip off his desk . Professor Binns blink . " my subject be history of Magic , " he say in his dry , wheezy voice . " I deal with , fact , Miss Granger , not myth and legend . " he clear his throat with a small noise like chalk snap and continue , " in September of that year , a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerer -- " he stutter to a halt . Hermione 's hand be wave in the air again . " Miss Grant ? " " please , sir , do n't legend always have a basis in fact ? " Professor Binns be look at her in such amazement , Harry be sure no student have ever interrupt him before , alive or dead . " well , " say Professor Binns slowly , " yes , one could argue that , I suppose . " he peer at Hermione as though he have never see a student properly before . " however , the legend of which you speak be such a very sensational , even ludicrous tale -- " but the whole class be now hang on Professor Binns be every word . he look dimly at them all , every face turn to his . Harry could tell he be completely throw by such an unusual show of interest . " oh , very well , " he say slowly . " let me see ... the Chamber of Secrets ... " you all know , of course , that Hogwarts be found over a thousand year ago -- the precise date be uncertain -- by the four great witch and wizard of the age . the four school house be name after them : Godric Gryffindor , Helga Hufflepuff , Rowena Ravenclaw , and Salazar Slytherin . they build this castle together , far from pry Muggle eye , for it be an age when magic be fear by common people , and witch and wizard suffer much persecution . " he pause , gaze blearily around the room , and continue . " for a few year , the founder work in harmony together , seek out youngster who show sign of magic and bring them to the castle to be educate . but then disagreement spring up between them . a rift begin to grow between Slytherin and the other . Slytherin wish to be more selective about the student admit to Hogwarts . he believe that magical learning should be keep within all-magic family . he dislike take student of Muggle parentage , believe them to be untrustworthy . after a while , there be a serious argument on the subject between Slytherin and Gryffindor , and Slytherin leave the school . " Professor Binns pause again , purse his lip , look like a wrinkle old tortoise . " reliable historical source tell us this much , " he say . " but these honest fact have be obscure by the fanciful legend of the Chamber of Secrets . the story go that Slytherin have build a hidden chamber in the castle , of which the other founder know nothing . " Slytherin , accord to the legend , seal the Chamber of Secrets so that none would be able to open it until his own true heir arrive at the school . the heir alone would be able to unseal the Chamber of secret , unleash the horror within , and use it to purge the school of all who be unworthy to study magic . " there be silence as he finish tell the story , but it be n't the usual , sleepy silence that fill Professor Binns 's class . there be unease in the air as everyone continue to watch him , hope for more . Professor Binns look faintly annoyed . " the whole thing be arrant nonsense , of course , " he say . " naturally , the school have be search for evidence of such a chamber , many time , by the most learned witch and wizard . it do not exist . a tale tell to frighten the gullible . " Hermione 's hand be back in the air . " Sir -- what exactly do you mean by the ' horror within ' the Chamber ? " " that be believe to be some sort of monster , which the Heir of Slytherin alone can control , " say Professor Binns in his dry , reedy voice . the class exchange nervous look . " I tell you , the thing do not exist , " say Professor Binns , shuffle his note . " there be no Chamber and no monster . " " but , sir , " say Seamus Finnigan , " if the Chamber can only be open by Slytherin 's true heir , no one else would be able to find it , would they ? " " nonsense , O'Flaherty , " say Professor Binns in an aggravate tone . " if a long succession of Hogwarts headmaster and headmistress have n't find the thing -- " " but , Professor , " pipe up Parvati Patil , " you will probably have to use Dark Magic to open it -- " " just because a wizard do n't use Dark Magic do n't mean he ca n't , Miss Pennyfeather , " snap Professor Binns . " I repeat , if the likes of Dumbledore -- " " but maybe you have get to be relate to Slytherin , so Dumbledore could n't -- " begin Dean Thomas , but Professor Binns have have enough . " that will do , " he say sharply . " it be a myth ! it do not exist ! there be not a shred of evidence that Slytherin ever build so much as a secret broom cupboard ! I regret tell you such a foolish story ! we will return , if you please , to history , to solid , believable , verifiable fact ! " and within five minute , the class have sink back into its usual torpor . " I always know Salazar Slytherin be a twisted old loony , " Ron tell Harry and Hermione as they fight their way through the teem corridor at the end of the lesson to drop off their bag before dinner . " but I never know he start all this pure-blood stuff . I would n't be in his house if you pay me . honestly , if the Sorting Hat have try to put me in Slytherin , I will have get the train straight back home . ... " Hermione nod fervently , but Harry do n't say anything . his stomach have just drop unpleasantly . Harry have never tell Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat have seriously consider put him in Slytherin . he could remember , as though it be yesterday , the small voice that have speak in his ear when he have place the hat on his head a year before : you could be great , you know , it be all here in your head , and Slytherin would help you on the way to greatness , no doubt about that . ... but Harry , who have already hear of Slytherin House 's reputation for turn out dark wizard , have think desperately , not Slytherin ! and the hat have say , oh , well , if you be sure ... well be Gryffindor . ... as they be shunt along in the throng , Colin Creevey go past . " Hiya , Harry ! " " Hullo , Colin , " say Harry automatically . " Harry -- Harry -- a boy in my class have be say you be -- " but Colin be so small he could n't fight against the tide of people bear him toward the Great Hall ; they hear him squeak , " see you , Harry ! " and he be go . " what be a boy in his class say about you ? " Hermione wonder . " that I be Slytherin 's heir , I expect , " say Harry , his stomach drop another inch or so as he suddenly remember the way Justin Finch-Fletchley have run away from him at lunchtime . " people here will believe anything , " say Ron in disgust . the crowd thin and they be able to climb the next staircase without difficulty . " D'you really think there be a Chamber of Secrets ? " Ron ask Hermione . " I do n't know , " she say , frown . " Dumbledore could n't cure Mrs. Norris , and that make me think that whatever attack her might not be -- well -- human . " as she speak , they turn a corner and find themselves at the end of the very corridor where the attack have happen . they stop and look . the scene be just as it have be that night , except that there be no stiff cat hang from the torch bracket , and an empty chair stand against the wall bear the message " the Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened . " " that be where Filch have be keep guard , " Ron mutter . they look at each other . the corridor be desert . " can n't hurt to have a poke around , " say Harry , drop his bag and get to his hand and knee so that he could crawl along , search for clue . " scorch mark ! " he say . " here -- and here -- " " come and look at this ! " say Hermione . " this be funny . ... " Harry get up and cross to the window next to the message on the wall . Hermione be point at the topmost pane , where around twenty spider be scuttle , apparently fight to get through a small crack . a long , silvery thread be dangle like a rope , as though they have all climb it in their hurry to get outside . " have you ever see spider act like that ? " say Hermione wonderingly . " no , " say Harry , " have you , Ron ? Ron ? " he look over his shoulder . Ron be stand well back and seem to be fight the impulse to run . " what be up ? " say Harry . " I -- do n't -- like -- spider , " say Ron tensely . " I never know that , " say Hermione , look at Ron in surprise . " you have use spider in potion load of time . ... " " I do n't mind them dead , " say Ron , who be carefully look anywhere but at the window . " I just do n't like the way they move . ... " Hermione giggle . " it be not funny , " say Ron , fiercely . " if you must know , when I be three , Fred turn my -- my teddy bear into a great big filthy spider because I break his toy broomstick . ... you would n't like them either if you have be hold your bear and suddenly it have too many leg and ... " he break off , shudder . Hermione be obviously still try not to laugh . feel they have well get off the subject , Harry say , " remember all that water on the floor ? where do that come from ? someone have mop it up . " " it be about here , " say Ron , recover himself to walk a few pace past Filch 's chair and point . " level with this door . " he reach for the brass doorknob but suddenly withdraw his hand as though he have be burn . " what be the matter ? " say Harry . " can n't go in there , " say Ron gruffly . " that be a girl ' toilet . " " oh , Ron , there wo n't be anyone in there , " say Hermione , stand up and come over . " that be Moaning Myrtle 's place . come on , let be have a look . " and ignore the large out of Order sign , she open the door . it be the gloomy , most depressing bathroom Harry have ever set foot in . under a large , cracked , and spotted mirror be a row of chip sink . the floor be damp and reflect the dull light give off by the stub of a few candle , burn low in their holder ; the wooden door to the stall be flake and scratch and one of them be dangle off its hinge . Hermione put her finger to her lip and set off toward the end stall . when she reach it she say , " hello , Myrtle , how be you ? " Harry and Ron go to look . moan Myrtle be float above the tank of the toilet , pick a spot on her chin . " this be a girl ' bathroom , " she say , eye Ron and Harry suspiciously . " they be not girl . " " no , " Hermione agree . " I just want to show them how -- er -- nice it be in here . " she wave vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the damp floor . " ask her if she see anything , " Harry mouth at Hermione . " what be you whisper ? " say Myrtle , stare at him . " nothing , " say Harry quickly . " we want to ask -- " " I wish people would stop talk behind my back ! " say Myrtle , in a voice choke with tear . " I do have feeling , you know , even if I be dead -- " " Myrtle , no one want to upset you , " say Hermione . " Harry only -- " " no one want to upset me ! that be a good one ! " howl Myrtle . " my life be nothing but misery at this place and now people come along ruin my death ! " " we want to ask you if you have see anything funny lately , " say Hermione quickly . " because a cat be attack right outside your front door on Halloween . " " do you see anyone near here that night ? " say Harry . " I be n't pay attention , " say Myrtle dramatically . " peeve upset me so much I come in here and try to kill myself . then , of course , I remember that I be -- that I be -- " " already dead , " say Ron helpfully . Myrtle give a tragic sob , rise up in the air , turn over , and dive headfirst into the toilet , splash water all over them and vanish from sight , although from the direction of her muffle sob , she have come to rest somewhere in the U-bend . Harry and Ron stand with their mouth open , but Hermione shrug wearily and say , " Honestly , that be almost cheerful for Myrtle . ... come on , let be go . " Harry have barely close the door on Myrtle 's gurgle sob when a loud voice make all three of them jump . " RON ! " Percy Weasley have stop dead at the head of the stair , prefect badge agleam , an expression of complete shock on his face . " that be a girl ' bathroom ! " he gasp . " what be you -- ? " " just have a look around , " Ron shrug . " clue , you know -- " Percy swell in a manner that remind Harry forcefully of Mrs. Weasley . " get -- away -- from -- there -- " Percy say , stride toward them and start to bustle them along , flap his arm . " do n't you care what this look like ? come back here while everyone be at dinner -- " " why should n't we be here ? " say Ron hotly , stop short and glaring at Percy . " listen , we never lay a finger on that cat ! " " that be what I tell Ginny , " say Percy fiercely , " but she still seem to think you be go to be expel , I have never see her so upset , cry her eye out , you might think of her , all the first year be thoroughly overexcited by this business -- " " you do n't care about Ginny , " say Ron , whose ear be now redden . " you be just worry I be go to mess up your chance of be Head Boy -- " " Five point from Gryffindor ! " Percy say tersely , finger his prefect badge . " and I hope it teach you a lesson ! no more detective work , or I will write to Mum ! " and he stride off , the back of his neck as red as Ron 's ear . Harry , Ron , and Hermione choose seat as far as possible from Percy in the common room that night . Ron be still in a very bad temper and keep blot his Charms homework . when he reach absently for his wand to remove the smudge , it ignite the parchment . fume almost as much as his homework , Ron slam the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ shut . to Harry 's surprise , Hermione follow suit . " who can it be , though ? " she say in a quiet voice , as though continue a conversation they have just be have . " who will want to frighten all the Squibs and Muggle-borns out of Hogwarts ? " " let be think , " say Ron in mock puzzlement . " who do we know who think Muggle-borns be scum ? " he look at Hermione . Hermione look back , unconvinced . " if you be talk about Malfoy -- " " of course I be ! " say Ron . " you hear him -- ' you will be next , Mudbloods ! ' -- come on , you have only get to look at his foul rat face to know it be him -- " " Malfoy , the Heir of Slytherin ? " say Hermione skeptically . " look at his family , " say Harry , close his book , too . " the whole lot of them have be in Slytherin ; he be always boast about it . they could easily be Slytherin 's descendant . his father be definitely evil enough . " " they could have have the key to the Chamber of Secrets for century ! " say Ron . " hand it down , father to son . ... " " well , " say Hermione cautiously , " I suppose it be possible . ... " " but how do we prove it ? " say Harry darkly . " there might be a way , " say Hermione slowly , drop her voice still further with a quick glance across the room at Percy . " of course , it would be difficult . and dangerous , very dangerous . we will be break about fifty school rule , I expect -- " " if , in a month or so , you feel like explain , you will let us know , wo n't you ? " say Ron irritably . " all right , " say Hermione coldly . " what we will need to do be to get inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few question without him realize it be us . " " but that be impossible , " Harry say as Ron laugh . " no , it be not , " say Hermione . " all we will need would be some Polyjuice Potion . " " what be that ? " say Ron and Harry together . " Snape mention it in class a few week ago -- " " D'you think we have get nothing well to do in potion than listen to Snape ? " mutter Ron . " it transform you into somebody else . think about it ! we could change into three of the Slytherins . no one would know it be us . Malfoy would probably tell us anything . he be probably boast about it in the Slytherin common room right now , if only we could hear him . " " this Polyjuice stuff sound a bit dodgy to me , " say Ron , frown . " what if we be stick look like three of the Slytherins forever ? " " it wear off after a while , " say Hermione , wave her hand impatiently . " but get hold of the recipe will be very difficult . Snape say it be in a book call Moste Potente potion and it be bind to be in the restricted section of the library . " there be only one way to get out a book from the restricted section : you need a sign note of permission from a teacher . " hard to see why we will want the book , really , " say Ron , " if we be n't go to try and make one of the potion . " " I think , " say Hermione , " that if we make it sound as though we be just interested in the theory , we might stand a chance . ... " " oh , come on , no teacher be go to fall for that , " say Ron . " they will have to be really thick . ... " the Rogue Bludger since the disastrous episode of the pixie , Professor Lockhart have not bring live creature to class . instead , he read passage from his book to them , and sometimes reenact some of the more dramatic bit . he usually pick Harry to help him with these reconstruction ; so far , Harry have be force to play a simple Transylvanian villager whom Lockhart have cure of a Babbling Curse , a yeti with a head cold , and a vampire who have be unable to eat anything except lettuce since Lockhart have deal with him . Harry be haul to the front of the class during their very next defense against the Dark Arts lesson , this time act a werewolf . if he have n't have a very good reason for keep Lockhart in a good mood , he would have refuse to do it . " nice loud howl , Harry -- exactly -- and then , if you will believe it , I pounce -- like this -- slam him to the floor -- thus -- with one hand , I manage to hold him down -- with my other , I put my wand to his throat -- I then screw up my remain strength and perform the immensely complex Homorphus Charm -- he let out a piteous moan -- go on , Harry -- high than that -- good -- the fur vanish -- the fang shrink -- and he turn back into a man . simple , yet effective -- and another village will remember me forever as the hero who deliver them from the monthly terror of werewolf attack . " the bell ring and Lockhart get to his foot . " homework -- compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf ! sign copy of Magical Me to the author of the good one ! " the class begin to leave . Harry return to the back of the room , where Ron and Hermione be wait . " ready ? " Harry mutter . " wait till everyone be go , " say Hermione nervously . " all right ... " she approach Lockhart 's desk , a piece of paper clutch tightly in her hand , Harry and Ron right behind her . " er -- Professor Lockhart ? " Hermione stammer . " I want to -- to get this book out of the library . just for background reading . " she hold out the piece of paper , her hand shake slightly . " but the thing be , it be in the restricted section of the library , so I need a teacher to sign for it -- I be sure it would help me understand what you say in Gadding with Ghouls about slow-act venom -- " " ah , Gadding with Ghouls ! " say Lockhart , take the note from Hermione and smile widely at her . " possibly my very favorite book . you enjoy it ? " " oh , yes , " say Hermione eagerly . " so clever , the way you trap that last one with the tea-strainer -- " " well , I be sure no one will mind me give the good student of the year a little extra help , " say Lockhart warmly , and he pull out an enormous peacock quill . " yes , nice , be n't it ? " he say , misread the revolt look on Ron 's face . " I usually save it for book signing . " he scrawl an enormous loopy signature on the note and hand it back to Hermione . " so , Harry , " say Lockhart , while Hermione fold the note with fumble finger and slip it into her bag . " tomorrow be the first Quidditch match of the season , I believe ? Gryffindor against Slytherin , be it not ? I hear you be a useful player . I be a Seeker , too . I be ask to try for the National Squad , but prefer to dedicate my life to the eradication of the dark force . still , if ever you feel the need for a little private training , do n't hesitate to ask . always happy to pass on my expertise to less able player . ... " Harry make an indistinct noise in his throat and then hurry off after Ron and Hermione . " I do n't believe it , " he say as the three of them examine the signature on the note . " he do n't even look at the book we want . " " that be because he be a brainless git , " say Ron . " but who care , we have get what we need -- " " he be not a brainless git , " say Hermione shrilly as they half run toward the library . " just because he say you be the good student of the year -- " they drop their voice as they enter the muffle stillness of the library . madam Pince , the librarian , be a thin , irritable woman who look like an underfeed vulture . " Moste Potente potion ? " she repeat suspiciously , try to take the note from Hermione ; but Hermione would n't let go . " I be wonder if I could keep it , " she say breathlessly . " oh , come on , " say Ron , wrench it from her grasp and thrust it at Madam Pince . " we will get you another autograph . Lockhart will sign anything if it stand still long enough . " madam Pince hold the note up to the light , as though determine to detect a forgery , but it pass the test . she stalk away between the lofty shelf and return several minute later carry a large and moldy-looking book . Hermione put it carefully into her bag and they leave , try not to walk too quickly or look too guilty . five minute later , they be barricade in Moaning Myrtle 's out-of-order bathroom once again . Hermione have override Ron 's objection by point out that it be the last place anyone in their right mind would go , so they be guarantee some privacy . moan Myrtle be cry noisily in her stall , but they be ignore her , and she them . Hermione open Moste Potente potion carefully , and the three of them bend over the damp-spotted page . it be clear from a glance why it belong in the restricted section . some of the potion have effect almost too gruesome to think about , and there be some very unpleasant illustration , which include a man who seem to have be turn inside out and a witch sprout several extra pair of arm out of her head . " here it be , " say Hermione excitedly as she find the page head the Polyjuice Potion . it be decorate with drawing of people halfway through transform into other people . Harry sincerely hope the artist have imagine the look of intense pain on their face . " this be the most complicated potion I have ever see , " say Hermione as they scan the recipe . " lacewing fly , leech , fluxweed , and knotgrass , " she murmur , run her finger down the list of ingredient . " well , they be easy enough , they be in the student store-cupboard , we can help ourselves . ... Oooh , look , powdered horn of a bicorn -- do n't know where we be go to get that -- shredded skin of a boomslang -- that will be tricky , too -- and of course a bit of whoever we want to change into . " " excuse me ? " say Ron sharply . " what d'you mean , a bit of whoever we be change into ? I be drink nothing with Crabbe 's toenail in it -- " Hermione continue as though she have n't hear him . " we do n't have to worry about that yet , though , because we add those bit last . ... " Ron turn , speechless , to Harry , who have another worry . " D'you realize how much we be go to have to steal , Hermione ? shredded skin of a boomslang , that be definitely not in the student ' cupboard . what be we go to do , break into Snape 's private store ? I do n't know if this be a good idea . ... " Hermione shut the book with a snap . " well , if you two be go to chicken out , fine , " she say . there be bright pink patch on her cheek and her eye be bright than usual . " I do n't want to break rule , you know . I think threaten Muggle-borns be far bad than brew up a difficult potion . but if you do n't want to find out if it 's Malfoy , I will go straight to Madam Pince now and hand the book back in -- " " I never think I will see the day when you will be persuade us to break rule , " say Ron . " all right , we will do it . but not toenail , okay ? " " how long will it take to make , anyway ? " say Harry as Hermione , look happy , open the book again . " well , since the fluxweed have get to be pick at the full moon and the lacewing have get to be stew for twenty-one day ... I will say it will be ready in about a month , if we can get all the ingredient . " " a month ? " say Ron . " Malfoy could have attack half the Muggle-borns in the school by then ! " but Hermione 's eye narrow dangerously again , and he add swiftly , " but it be the good plan we have get , so full steam ahead , I say . " however , while Hermione be check that the coast be clear for them to leave the bathroom , Ron mutter to Harry , " it will be a lot less hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off his broom tomorrow . " Harry wake early on Saturday morning and lay for a while think about the come Quidditch match . he be nervous , mainly at the thought of what Wood would say if Gryffindor lose , but also at the idea of face a team mount on the fast racing broom gold could buy . he have never want to beat Slytherin so badly . after half an hour of lie there with his inside churning , he get up , dress , and go down to breakfast early , where he find the rest of the Gryffindor team huddle at the long , empty table , all look uptight and not speak much . as eleven o'clock approach , the whole school start to make its way down to the Quidditch stadium . it be a muggy sort of day with a hint of thunder in the air . Ron and Hermione come hurry over to wish Harry good luck as he enter the locker room . the team pull on their scarlet Gryffindor robe , then sit down to listen to Wood 's usual pre-match pep talk . " Slytherin have good broom than us , " he begin . " no point deny it . but we have get good people on our broom . we have train hard than they have , we have be fly in all weather -- " ( " too true , " mutter George Weasley . " I have n't be properly dry since August " ) " - and we be go to make them rue the day they let that little bit of slime , Malfoy , buy his way onto their team . " chest heave with emotion , Wood turn to Harry . " it will be down to you , Harry , to show them that a Seeker have to have something more than a rich father . get to that Snitch before Malfoy or die try , Harry , because we have get to win today , we have get to . " " so no pressure , Harry , " say Fred , wink at him . as they walk out onto the field , a roar of noise greet them ; mainly cheer , because Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff be anxious to see Slytherin beat , but the Slytherins in the crowd make their boo and hiss hear , too . madam Hooch , the Quidditch teacher , ask Flint and Wood to shake hand , which they do , give each other threatening stare and grip rather harder than be necessary . " on my whistle , " say Madam Hooch . " three ... two ... one ... " with a roar from the crowd to speed them upward , the fourteen player rise toward the leaden sky . Harry fly high than any of them , squint around for the Snitch . " all right there , Scarhead ? " yell Malfoy , shoot underneath him as though to show off the speed of his broom . Harry have no time to reply . at that very moment , a heavy black Bludger come pelt toward him ; he avoid it so narrowly that he feel it ruffle his hair as it pass . " close one , Harry ! " say George , streak past him with his club in his hand , ready to knock the Bludger back toward a Slytherin . Harry see George give the Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian Pucey , but the Bludger change direction in midair and shoot straight for Harry again . Harry drop quickly to avoid it , and George manage to hit it hard toward Malfoy . once again , the Bludger swerve like a boomerang and shot at Harry 's head . Harry put on a burst of speed and zoom toward the other end of the field . he could hear the Bludger whistle along behind him . what be go on ? Bludgers never concentrate on one player like this ; it be their job to try and unseat as many people as possible . ... Fred Weasley be wait for the Bludger at the other end . Harry duck as Fred swing at the Bludger with all his might ; the Bludger be knock off course . " Gotcha ! " Fred yell happily , but he be wrong ; as though it be magnetically attract to Harry , the Bludger pelt after him once more and Harry be force to fly off at full speed . it have start to rain ; Harry feel heavy drop fall onto his face , splatter onto his glass . he do n't have a clue what be go on in the rest of the game until he hear Lee Jordan , who be commentate , say , " Slytherin lead , sixty point to zero -- " the Slytherins ' superior broom be clearly do their job , and meanwhile the mad Bludger be do all it could to knock Harry out of the air . Fred and George be now fly so close to him on either side that Harry could see nothing at all except their flail arm and have no chance to look for the Snitch , let alone catch it . " someone be -- tamper -- with -- this -- Bludger -- " Fred grunt , swing his bat with all his might at it as it launch a new attack on Harry . " we need time out , " say George , try to signal to Wood and stop the Bludger break Harry 's nose at the same time . Wood have obviously get the message . madam Hooch 's whistle ring out and Harry , Fred , and George dive for the ground , still try to avoid the mad Bludger . " what be go on ? " say Wood as the Gryffindor team huddle together , while Slytherins in the crowd jeer . " we be be flatten . Fred , George , where be you when that Bludger stop Angelina score ? " " we be twenty foot above her , stop the other Bludger from murder Harry , Oliver , " say George angrily . " someone have fix it -- it wo n't leave Harry alone . it have n't go for anyone else all game . the Slytherins must have do something to it . " " but the Bludgers have be lock in Madam Hooch 's office since our last practice , and there be nothing wrong with them then . ... " say Wood , anxiously . madam Hooch be walk toward them . over her shoulder , Harry could see the Slytherin team jeer and point in his direction . " listen , " say Harry as she come near and near , " with you two fly around me all the time the only way I be go to catch the Snitch be if it fly up my sleeve . go back to the rest of the team and let me deal with the rogue one . " " do n't be thick , " say Fred . " it will take your head off . " Wood be look from Harry to the Weasleys . " Oliver , this be insane , " say Alicia Spinnet angrily . " you ca n't let Harry deal with that thing on his own . let be ask for an inquiry -- " " if we stop now , we will have to forfeit the match ! " say Harry . " and we be not lose to Slytherin just because of a crazy Bludger ! come on , Oliver , tell them to leave me alone ! " " this be all your fault , " George say angrily to Wood . " ' get the Snitch or die try , ' what a stupid thing to tell him -- " Madam Hooch have join them . " ready to resume play ? " she ask Wood . Wood look at the determine look on Harry 's face . " all right , " he say . " Fred , George , you hear Harry -- leave him alone and let him deal with the Bludger on his own . " the rain be fall more heavily now . on Madam Hooch 's whistle , Harry kick hard into the air and hear the telltale whoosh of the Bludger behind him . high and high Harry climb ; he loop and swoop , spiral , zigzag , and roll . slightly dizzy , he nevertheless keep his eye wide open , rain be speckle his glass and run up his nostril as he hang upside down , avoid another fierce dive from the Bludger . he could hear laughter from the crowd ; he know he must look very stupid , but the rogue Bludger be heavy and could n't change direction as quickly as Harry could ; he begin a kind of roller-coaster ride around the edge of the stadium , squint through the silver sheet of rain to the Gryffindor goal post , where Adrian Pucey be try to get past Wood - a whistling in Harry 's ear tell him the Bludger have just miss him again ; he turn right over and speed in the opposite direction . " training for the ballet , Potter ? " yell Malfoy as Harry be force to do a stupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge the Bludger , and he flee , the Bludger trail a few foot behind him ; and then , glare back at Malfoy in hatred , he see it -- the Golden Snitch . it be hover inch above Malfoy 's leave ear -- and Malfoy , busy laugh at Harry , have n't see it . for an agonize moment , Harry hang in midair , not dare to speed toward Malfoy in case he look up and see the Snitch . wham . he have stay still a second too long . the Bludger have hit him at last , smash into his elbow , and Harry feel his arm break . dimly , daze by the searing pain in his arm , he slide sideways on his rain-drenched broom , one knee still crooked over it , his right arm dangle useless at his side -- the Bludger come pelt back for a second attack , this time aim at his face -- Harry swerve out of the way , one idea firmly lodge in his numb brain : get to Malfoy . through a haze of rain and pain he dive for the shimmer , sneer face below him and see its eye widen with fear : Malfoy think Harry be attack him . " what the -- " he gasp , careen out of Harry 's way . Harry take his remain hand off his broom and make a wild snatch ; he feel his finger close on the cold Snitch but be now only grip the broom with his leg , and there be a yell from the crowd below as he head straight for the ground , try hard not to pass out . with a splatter thud he hit the mud and roll off his broom . his arm be hang at a very strange angle ; riddle with pain , he hear , as though from a distance , a good deal of whistle and shout . he focus on the Snitch clutch in his good hand . " Aha , " he say vaguely . " we have win . " and he faint . he come around , rain fall on his face , still lie on the field , with someone lean over him . he see a glitter of tooth . " oh , no , not you , " he moan . " do n't know what he be say , " say Lockhart loudly to the anxious crowd of Gryffindors press around them . " not to worry , Harry . I be about to fix your arm . " " no ! " say Harry . " I will keep it like this , thanks . ... " he try to sit up , but the pain be terrible . he hear a familiar click noise nearby . " I do n't want a photo of this , Colin , " he say loudly . " lie back , Harry , " say Lockhart soothingly . " it be a simple charm I have use countless time -- " " why ca n't I just go to the hospital wing ? " say Harry through clench tooth . " he should really , Professor , " say a muddy Wood , who could n't help grin even though his seeker be injure . " great capture , Harry , really spectacular , your well yet , I will say -- " through the thicket of leg around him , Harry spot Fred and George Weasley , wrestle the rogue Bludger into a box . it be still put up a terrific fight . " stand back , " say Lockhart , who be roll up his jade-green sleeve . " no -- do n't -- " say Harry weakly , but Lockhart be twirl his wand and a second late have direct it straight at Harry 's arm . a strange and unpleasant sensation start at Harry 's shoulder and spread all the way down to his fingertip . it feel as though his arm be be deflate . he do n't dare look at what be happen . he have shut his eye , his face turn away from his arm , but his bad fear be realize as the people above him gasp and Colin Creevey begin click away madly . his arm do n't hurt anymore -- nor do it feel remotely like an arm . " ah , " say Lockhart . " yes . well , that can sometimes happen . but the point be , the bone be no longer break . that be the thing to bear in mind . so , Harry , just toddle up to the hospital wing -- ah , Mr. Weasley , Miss Granger , would you escort him ? -- and Madam Pomfrey will be able to -- er -- tidy you up a bit . " as Harry get to his foot , he feel strangely lopsided . take a deep breath he look down at his right side . what he see nearly make him pass out again . poke out of the end of his robe be what look like a thick , flesh-colored rubber glove . he try to move his finger . nothing happen . Lockhart have n't mend Harry 's bone . he have remove them . madam Pomfrey be n't at all pleased . " you should have come straight to me ! " she rage , hold up the sad , limp remainder of what , half an hour before , have be a work arm . " I can mend bone in a second -- but grow them back -- " " you will be able to , wo n't you ? " say Harry desperately . " I will be able to , certainly , but it will be painful , " say Madam Pomfrey grimly , throw Harry a pair of pajamas . " you will have to stay the night . ... " Hermione wait outside the curtain draw around Harry 's bed while Ron help him into his pajamas . it take a while to stuff the rubbery , boneless arm into a sleeve . " how can you stick up for Lockhart now , Hermione , eh ? " Ron call through the curtain as he pull Harry 's limp finger through the cuff . " if Harry have want deboning he would have ask . " " anyone can make a mistake , " say Hermione . " and it do n't hurt anymore , do it , Harry ? " " no , " say Harry , get into bed . " but it do n't do anything else either . " as he swing himself onto the bed , his arm flap pointlessly . Hermione and Madam Pomfrey come around the curtain . madam Pomfrey be hold a large bottle of something label Skele-Gro . " you be in for a rough night , " she say , pour out a steam beakerful and hand it to him . " Regrowing bone be a nasty business . " so be take the Skele-Gro . it burn Harry 's mouth and throat as it go down , make him cough and splutter . still tut-tut about dangerous sport and inept teacher , Madam Pomfrey retreat , leave Ron and Hermione to help Harry gulp down some water . " we win , though , " say Ron , a grin break across his face . " that be some catch you make . Malfoy 's face ... he look ready to kill . ... " " I want to know how he fix that Bludger , " say Hermione darkly . " we can add that to the list of question we will ask him when we have take the Polyjuice Potion , " say Harry , sink back onto his pillow . " I hope it taste good than this stuff . ... " " if it have get bit of Slytherins in it ? you have get to be joke , " say Ron . the door of the hospital wing burst open at that moment . filthy and soak wet , the rest of the Gryffindor team have arrive to see Harry . " unbelievable fly , Harry , " say George . " I have just see Marcus Flint yell at Malfoy . something about have the Snitch on top of his head and not notice . Malfoy do n't seem too happy . " they have bring cake , sweet , and bottle of pumpkin juice ; they gather around Harry 's bed and be just get start on what promise to be a good party when Madam Pomfrey come storm over , shout , " this boy need rest , he have get thirty-three bone to regrow ! out ! out ! " and Harry be leave alone , with nothing to distract him from the stab pain in his limp arm . hour and hour later , Harry wake quite suddenly in the pitch blackness and give a small yelp of pain : his arm now feel full of large splinter . for a second , he think that be what have wake him . then , with a thrill of horror , he realize that someone be sponge his forehead in the dark . " get off ! " he say loudly , and then , " Dobby ! " the house-elf 's goggle tennis ball eye be peer at Harry through the darkness . a single tear be run down his long , pointed nose . " Harry Potter come back to school , " he whisper miserably . " Dobby warn and warn Harry Potter . ah sir , why do n't you heed Dobby ? why do n't Harry Potter go back home when he miss the train ? " Harry heave himself up on his pillow and push Dobby 's sponge away . " what be you do here ? " he say . " and how do you know I miss the train ? " Dobby 's lip tremble and Harry be seize by a sudden suspicion . " it be you ! " he say slowly . " you stop the barrier from let us through ! " " indeed yes , sir , " say Dobby , nod his head vigorously , ear flap . " Dobby hide and watch for Harry Potter and seal the gateway and Dobby have to iron his hand afterward " -- he show Harry ten long , bandage finger -- " but Dobby do n't care , sir , for he think Harry Potter be safe , and never do Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school another way ! " he be rock backward and forward , shake his ugly head . " Dobby be so shock when he hear Harry Potter be back at Hogwarts , he let his master 's dinner burn ! such a flog Dobby never have , sir . ... " Harry slump back onto his pillow . " you nearly get Ron and me expel , " he say fiercely . " you will well get lose before my bone come back , Dobby , or I might strangle you . " Dobby smile weakly . " Dobby be use to death threat , sir . Dobby get them five time a day at home . " he blow his nose on a corner of the filthy pillowcase he wear , look so pathetic that Harry feel his anger ebb away in spite of himself . " why d'you wear that thing , Dobby ? " he ask curiously . " this , sir ? " say Dobby , pluck at the pillowcase . " ' Tis a mark of the house-elf 's enslavement , sir . Dobby can only be free if his master present him with clothes , sir . the family be careful not to pass Dobby even a sock , sir , for then he would be free to leave their house forever . " Dobby mop his bulge eye and say suddenly , " Harry Potter must go home ! Dobby think his Bludger would be enough to make -- " " your Bludger ? " say Harry , anger rise once more . " what d'you mean , your Bludger ? you make that Bludger try and kill me ? " " not kill you , sir , never kill you ! " say Dobby , shock . " Dobby want to save Harry Potter 's life ! well send home , grievously injure , than remain here , sir ! Dobby only want Harry Potter hurt enough to be send home ! " " oh , be that all ? " say Harry angrily . " I do n't suppose you be go to tell me why you want me send home in piece ? " " ah , if Harry Potter only know ! " Dobby groan , more tear drip onto his ragged pillowcase . " if he know what he mean to us , to the lowly , the enslave , we dreg of the magical world ! Dobby remember how it be when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be at the height of his power , sir ! we house-elves be treat like vermin , sir ! of course , Dobby be still treat like that , sir , " he admit , dry his face on the pillowcase . " but mostly , sir , life have improve for my kind since you triumph over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named . Harry Potter survive , and the Dark Lord 's power be break , and it be a new dawn , sir , and Harry Potter shine like a beacon of hope for those of us who think the dark day would never end , sir . ... and now , at Hogwarts , terrible thing be to happen , be perhaps happen already , and Dobby can let Harry Potter stay here now that history be to repeat itself , now that the Chamber of Secrets be open once more -- " Dobby freeze , horrorstruck , then grab Harry 's water jug from his bedside table and crack it over his own head , topple out of sight . a second later , he crawl back onto the bed , cross-eyed , mutter , " Bad Dobby , very bad Dobby ... " " so there be a Chamber of Secrets ? " Harry whisper . " and -- do you say it have be open before ? tell me , Dobby ! " he seize the elf 's bony wrist as Dobby 's hand inch toward the water jug . " but I be not Muggle-born -- how can I be in danger from the Chamber ? " " ah , sir , ask no more , ask no more of poor Dobby , " stammer the elf , his eye huge in the dark . " dark deed be plan in this place , but Harry Potter must not be here when they happen -- go home , Harry Potter , go home . Harry Potter must not meddle in this , sir , ' ti too dangerous -- " " who be it , Dobby ? " Harry say , keep a firm hold on Dobby 's wrist to stop him from hit himself with the water jug again . " who have open it ? who open it last time ? " " Dobby ca n't , sir , Dobby ca n't , Dobby must n't tell ! " squeal the elf . " go home , Harry Potter , go home ! " " I be not go anywhere ! " say Harry fiercely . " one of my good friend be Muggle-born ; she will be first in line if the Chamber really have be open -- " " Harry Potter risk his own life for his friend ! " moan Dobby in a kind of miserable ecstasy . " so noble ! so valiant ! but he must save himself , he must , Harry Potter must not -- " Dobby suddenly freeze , his bat ear quiver . Harry hear it , too . there be footstep come down the passageway outside . " Dobby must go ! " breathe the elf , terrify . there be a loud crack , and Harry 's fist be suddenly clench on thin air . he slump back into bed , his eye on the dark doorway to the hospital wing as the footstep draw near . next moment , Dumbledore be back into the dormitory , wear a long woolly dressing gown and a nightcap . he be carry one end of what look like a statue . Professor McGonagall appear a second later , carry its foot . together , they heave it onto a bed . " get Madam Pomfrey , " whisper Dumbledore , and Professor McGonagall hurry past the end of Harry 's bed out of sight . Harry lie quite still , pretend to be asleep . he hear urgent voice , and then Professor McGonagall sweep back into view , closely follow by Madam Pomfrey , who be pull a cardigan on over her nightdress . he hear a sharp intake of breath . " what happen ? " madam Pomfrey whisper to Dumbledore , bend over the statue on the bed . " another attack , " say Dumbledore . " Minerva find him on the stair . " " there be a bunch of grape next to him , " say Professor McGonagall . " we think he be try to sneak up here to visit Potter . " Harry 's stomach give a horrible lurch . slowly and carefully , he raise himself a few inch so he could look at the statue on the bed . a ray of moonlight lie across its stare face . it be Colin Creevey . his eye be wide and his hand be stick up in front of him , hold his camera . " petrify ? " whisper Madam Pomfrey . " yes , " say Professor McGonagall . " but I shudder to think ... if Albus have n't be on the way downstairs for hot chocolate -- who know what might have -- " the three of them stare down at Colin . then Dumbledore lean forward and wrench the camera out of Colin 's rigid grip . " you do n't think he manage to get a picture of his attacker ? " say Professor McGonagall eagerly . Dumbledore do n't answer . he open the back of the camera . " good gracious ! " say Madam Pomfrey . a jet of steam have hiss out of the camera . Harry , three bed away , catch the acrid smell of burnt plastic . " melt , " say Madam Pomfrey wonderingly . " all melt ... " " what do this mean , Albus ? " Professor McGonagall ask urgently . " it mean , " say Dumbledore , " that the Chamber of Secrets be indeed open again . " madam Pomfrey clap a hand to her mouth . Professor McGonagall stare at Dumbledore . " but , Albus ... surely ... who ? " " the question be not who , " say Dumbledore , his eye on Colin . " the question be , how . ... " and from what Harry could see of Professor McGonagall 's shadowy face , she do n't understand this any good than he do . the Dueling Club Harry wake up on Sunday morning to find the dormitory blaze with winter sunlight and his arm reboned but very stiff . he sit up quickly and look over at Colin 's bed , but it have be block from view by the high curtain Harry have change behind yesterday . see that he be awake , Madam Pomfrey come bustle over with a breakfast tray and then begin bend and stretch his arm and finger . " all in order , " she say as he clumsily feed himself porridge left-handed . " when you have finish eat , you may leave . " Harry dress as quickly as he could and hurry off to Gryffindor Tower , desperate to tell Ron and Hermione about Colin and Dobby , but they be n't there . Harry leave to look for them , wonder where they could have get to and feel slightly hurt that they be n't interested in whether he have his bone back or not . as Harry pass the library , Percy Weasley stroll out of it , look in far good spirit than last time they have meet . " oh , hello , Harry , " he say . " excellent fly yesterday , really excellent . Gryffindor have just take the lead for the House Cup -- you earn fifty point ! " " you have n't see Ron or Hermione , have you ? " say Harry . " no , I have n't , " say Percy , his smile fading . " I hope Ron be not in another girl ' toilet . ... " Harry force a laugh , watch Percy walk out of sight , and then head straight for Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . he could n't see why Ron and Hermione would be in there again , but after make sure that neither Filch nor any prefect be around , he open the door and hear their voice come from a locked stall . " it be me , " he say , close the door behind him . there be a clunk , a splash , and a gasp from within the stall and he see Hermione 's eye peer through the keyhole . " Harry ! " she say . " you give us such a fright -- come in -- how be your arm ? " " fine , " say Harry , squeeze into the stall . an old cauldron be perch on the toilet , and a crackling from under the rim tell Harry they have light a fire beneath it . conjure up portable , waterproof fire be a speciality of Hermione 's . " we will have come to meet you , but we decide to get start on the Polyjuice Potion , " Ron explain as Harry , with difficulty , lock the stall again . " we have decide this be the safe place to hide it . " Harry start to tell them about Colin , but Hermione interrupt . " we already know -- we hear Professor McGonagall tell Professor Flitwick this morning . that be why we decide we will well get go -- " " the sooner we get a confession out of Malfoy , the good , " snarl Ron . " D'you know what I think ? he be in such a foul temper after the Quidditch match , he take it out on Colin . " " there be something else , " say Harry , watch Hermione tear bundle of knotgrass and throw them into the potion . " Dobby come to visit me in the middle of the night . " Ron and Hermione look up , amazed . Harry tell them everything Dobby have tell him -- or have n't tell him . Hermione and Ron listen with their mouth open . " the Chamber of Secrets have be open before ? " Hermione say . " this settle it , " say Ron in a triumphant voice . " Lucius Malfoy must have open the Chamber when he be at school here and now he be tell dear old Draco how to do it . it be obvious . Wish Dobby have tell you what kind of monster be in there , though . I want to know how come nobody have notice it sneaking around the school . " " maybe it can make itself invisible , " say Hermione , prod leech to the bottom of the cauldron . " or maybe it can disguise itself -- pretend to be a suit of armor or something -- I have read about Chameleon Ghouls -- " " you read too much , Hermione , " say Ron , pour dead lacewing on top of the leech . he crumple up the empty lacewing bag and look at Harry . " so Dobby stop us from get on the train and break your arm . ... " he shake his head . " you know what , Harry ? if he do n't stop try to save your life he be go to kill you . " * * * the news that Colin Creevey have be attack and be now lie as though dead in the hospital wing have spread through the entire school by Monday morning . the air be suddenly thick with rumor and suspicion . the first year be now move around the castle in tight-knit group , as though scare they would be attack if they venture forth alone . Ginny Weasley , who sit next to Colin Creevey in Charms , be distraught , but Harry feel that Fred and George be go the wrong way about cheer her up . they be take turn cover themselves with fur or boil and jump out at her from behind statue . they only stop when Percy , apoplectic with rage , tell them he be go to write to Mrs. Weasley and tell her Ginny be have nightmare . meanwhile , hide from the teacher , a roar trade in talisman , amulet , and other protective device be sweep the school . Neville Longbottom buy a large , evil-smelling green onion , a pointed purple crystal , and a rot newt tail before the other Gryffindor boy point out that he be in no danger ; he be a pureblood , and therefore unlikely to be attack . " they go for Filch first , " Neville say , his round face fearful . " and everyone know I be almost a Squib . " in the second week of December Professor McGonagall come around as usual , collect name of those who would be stay at school for Christmas . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sign her list ; they have hear that Malfoy be stay , which strike them as very suspicious . the holiday would be the perfect time to use the Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confession out of him . unfortunately , the potion be only half finish . they still need the bicorn horn and the boomslang skin , and the only place they be go to get them be from Snape 's private store . Harry privately feel he will rather face Slytherin 's legendary monster than let Snape catch him rob his office . " what we need , " say Hermione briskly as Thursday afternoon 's double potion lesson loom near , " be a diversion . then one of us can sneak into Snape 's office and take what we need . " Harry and Ron look at her nervously . " I think I will well do the actual steal , " Hermione continue in a matter-of-fact tone . " you two will be expel if you get into any more trouble , and I have get a clean record . so all you need to do be cause enough mayhem to keep Snape busy for five minute or so . " Harry smile feebly . deliberately cause mayhem in Snape 's potion class be about as safe as poke a sleep dragon in the eye . potion lesson take place in one of the large dungeon . Thursday afternoon 's lesson proceed in the usual way . twenty cauldron stand steam between the wooden desk , on which stand brass scale and jar of ingredient . Snape prowl through the fume , make waspish remark about the Gryffindors ' work while the Slytherins snigger appreciatively . Draco Malfoy , who be Snape 's favorite student , keep flick puffer-fish eye at Ron and Harry , who know that if they retaliate they would get detention faster than you could say " unfair . " Harry 's Swelling Solution be far too runny , but he have his mind on more important thing . he be wait for Hermione 's signal , and he hardly listen as Snape pause to sneer at his watery potion . when Snape turn and walk off to bully Neville , Hermione catch Harry 's eye and nod . Harry duck swiftly down behind his cauldron , pull one of Fred 's Filibuster firework out of his pocket , and give it a quick prod with his wand . the firework begin to fizz and sputter . know he have only second , Harry straighten up , take aim , and lob it into the air ; it land right on target in Goyle 's cauldron . Goyle 's potion explode , shower the whole class . people shriek as splash of the Swelling Solution hit them . Malfoy get a faceful and his nose begin to swell like a balloon ; Goyle blunder around , his hand over his eye , which have expand to the size of a dinner plate -- Snape be try to restore calm and find out what have happen . through the confusion , Harry see Hermione slip quietly into Snape 's office . " silence ! silence ! " Snape roar . " anyone who have be splash , come here for a Deflating draught -- when I find out who do this -- " Harry try not to laugh as he watch Malfoy hurry forward , his head droop with the weight of a nose like a small melon . as half the class lumber up to Snape 's desk , some weight down with arm like club , other unable to talk through gigantic puffed-up lip , Harry see Hermione slide back into the dungeon , the front of her robe bulge . when everyone have take a swig of antidote and the various swelling have subside , Snape sweep over to Goyle 's cauldron and scoop out the twisted black remain of the firework . there be a sudden hush . " if I ever find out who throw this , " Snape whisper , " I shall make sure that person be expel . " Harry arrange his face into what he hope be a puzzle expression . Snape be look right at him , and the bell that ring ten minute later could not have be more welcome . " he know it be me , " Harry tell Ron and Hermione as they hurry back to Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . " I could tell . " Hermione throw the new ingredient into the cauldron and begin to stir feverishly . " it will be ready in two week , " she say happily . " Snape ca n't prove it be you , " say Ron reassuringly to Harry . " what can he do ? " " know Snape , something foul , " say Harry as the potion froth and bubble . a week later , Harry , Ron , and Hermione be walk across the entrance hall when they see a small knot of people gather around the notice board , read a piece of parchment that have just be pin up . Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas beckon them over , look excite . " they be start a Dueling Club ! " say Seamus . " first meeting tonight ! I would n't mind duel lesson ; they might come in handy one of these day . ... " " what , you reckon Slytherin 's monster can duel ? " say Ron , but he , too , read the sign with interest . " could be useful , " he say to Harry and Hermione as they go into dinner . " shall we go ? " Harry and Hermione be all for it , so at eight o'clock that evening they hurry back to the Great Hall . the long dining table have vanish and a golden stage have appear along one wall , light by thousand of candle float overhead . the ceiling be velvety black once more and most of the school seem to be pack beneath it , all carry their wand and look excited . " I wonder who will be teach us ? " say Hermione as they edge into the chatter crowd . " someone tell me Flitwick be a dueling champion when he be young -- maybe it will be him . " " as long as it be not -- " Harry begin , but he end on a groan : Gilderoy Lockhart be walk onto the stage , resplendent in robe of deep plum and accompany by none other than Snape , wear his usual black . Lockhart wave an arm for silence and call , " Gather round , gather round ! can everyone see me ? can you all hear me ? excellent ! " now , Professor Dumbledore have grant me permission to start this little dueling club , to train you all in case you ever need to defend yourselves as I myself have do on countless occasion -- for full detail , see my publish work . " let me introduce my assistant , Professor Snape , " say Lockhart , flash a wide smile . " he tell me he know a tiny little bit about duel himself and have sportingly agree to help me with a short demonstration before we begin . now , I do n't want any of you youngster to worry -- you will still have your potion master when I be through with him , never fear ! " " would n't it be good if they finish each other off ? " Ron mutter in Harry 's ear . Snape 's upper lip be curl . Harry wonder why Lockhart be still smile ; if Snape have be look at him like that he will have be run as fast as he could in the opposite direction . Lockhart and Snape turn to face each other and bow ; at least , Lockhart do , with much twirl of his hand , whereas Snape jerk his head irritably . then they raise their wand like sword in front of them . " as you see , we be hold our wand in the accepted combative position , " Lockhart tell the silent crowd . " on the count of three , we will cast our first spell . neither of us will be aim to kill , of course . " " I would n't bet on that , " Harry murmur , watch Snape bare his tooth . " one -- two -- three -- " both of them swing their wand above their head and point them at their opponent ; Snape cry : " Expelliarmus ! " there be a dazzling flash of scarlet light and Lockhart be blast off his foot : he fly backward off the stage , smash into the wall , and slide down it to sprawl on the floor . Malfoy and some of the other Slytherins cheer . Hermione be dance on tiptoe . " do you think he be all right ? " she squeal through her finger . " who care ? " say Harry and Ron together . Lockhart be get unsteadily to his foot . his hat have fall off and his wavy hair be stand on end . " well , there you have it ! " he say , totter back onto the platform . " that be a Disarming Charm -- as you see , I have lose my wand -- ah , thank you , Miss Brown -- yes , an excellent idea to show them that , Professor Snape , but if you do n't mind my say so , it be very obvious what you be about to do . if I have want to stop you it would have be only too easy -- however , I feel it would be instructive to let them see ... " Snape be look murderous . possibly Lockhart have notice , because he say , " Enough demonstrate ! I be go to come amongst you now and put you all into pair . Professor Snape , if you will like to help me -- " they move through the crowd , match up partner . Lockhart team Neville with Justin Finch-Fletchley , but Snape reach Harry and Ron first . " time to split up the dream team , I think , " he sneer . " Weasley , you can partner Finnigan . Potter -- " Harry move automatically toward Hermione . " I do n't think so , " say Snape , smile coldly . " Mr. Malfoy , come over here . let be see what you make of the famous Potter . and you , Miss Granger -- you can partner Miss Bulstrode . " Malfoy strut over , smirk . behind him walk a Slytherin girl who remind Harry of a picture he have see in Holidays with Hags . she be large and square and her heavy jaw jut aggressively . Hermione give her a weak smile that she do not return . " face your partner ! " call Lockhart , back on the platform . " and bow ! " Harry and Malfoy barely incline their head , not take their eye off each other . " wand at the ready ! " shout Lockhart . " when I count to three , cast your charm to disarm your opponent -- only to disarm them -- we do n't want any accident -- one ... two ... three -- " Harry swing his wand high , but Malfoy have already start on " two " : his spell hit Harry so hard he feel as though he have be hit over the head with a saucepan . he stumble , but everything still seem to be work , and waste no more time , Harry point his wand straight at Malfoy and shout , " Rictusempra ! " a jet of silver light hit Malfoy in the stomach and he double up , wheeze . " I say disarm only ! " Lockhart shout in alarm over the head of the battle crowd , as Malfoy sink to his knee ; Harry have hit him with a Tickling Charm , and he could barely move for laugh . Harry hang back , with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch Malfoy while he be on the floor , but this be a mistake ; gasp for breath , Malfoy point his wand at Harry 's knee , choke , " Tarantallegra ! " and the next second Harry 's leg begin to jerk around out of his control in a kind of quickstep . " stop ! stop ! " scream Lockhart , but Snape take charge . " Finite Incantatem ! " he shout ; Harry 's foot stop dancing , Malfoy stop laugh , and they be able to look up . a haze of greenish smoke be hover over the scene . both Neville and Justin be lie on the floor , pant ; Ron be hold up an ashen-faced Seamus , apologize for whatever his break wand have do ; but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode be still move ; Millicent have Hermione in a headlock and Hermione be whimper in pain ; both their wand lie forget on the floor . Harry leap forward and pull Millicent off . it be difficult : she be a lot big than he be . " dear , dear , " say Lockhart , skitter through the crowd , look at the aftermath of the duel . " up you go , Macmillan . ... careful there , Miss Fawcett . ... Pinch it hard , it will stop bleed in a second , Boot - " I think I will well teach you how to block unfriendly spell , " say Lockhart , standing fluster in the midst of the hall . he glance at Snape , whose black eye glint , and look quickly away . " let be have a volunteer pair -- Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley , how about you -- " " a bad idea , Professor Lockhart , " say Snape , glide over like a large and malevolent bat . " Longbottom cause devastation with the simple spell . we will be send what be leave of Finch-Fletchley up to the hospital wing in a matchbox . " Neville 's round , pink face go pink . " how about Malfoy and Potter ? " say Snape with a twisted smile . " excellent idea ! " say Lockhart , gesture Harry and Malfoy into the middle of the hall as the crowd back away to give them room . " now , Harry , " say Lockhart . " when Draco point his wand at you , you do this . " he raise his own wand , attempt a complicated sort of wiggle action , and drop it . Snape smirk as Lockhart quickly pick it up , say , " Whoops -- my wand be a little overexcited -- " Snape move closer to Malfoy , bend down , and whisper something in his ear . Malfoy smirk , too . Harry look up nervously at Lockhart and say , " Professor , could you show me that block thing again ? " " scare ? " mutter Malfoy , so that Lockhart could n't hear him . " you wish , " say Harry out of the corner of his mouth . Lockhart cuff Harry merrily on the shoulder . " just do what I do , Harry ! " " what , drop my wand ? " but Lockhart be n't listen . " three -- two -- one -- go ! " he shout . Malfoy raise his wand quickly and bellow , " Serpensortia ! " the end of his wand explode . Harry watch , aghast , as a long black snake shoot out of it , fall heavily onto the floor between them , and raise itself , ready to strike . there be scream as the crowd back swiftly away , clear the floor . " do n't move , Potter , " say Snape lazily , clearly enjoy the sight of Harry stand motionless , eye to eye with the angry snake . " I will get rid of it . ... " " Allow me ! " shout Lockhart . he brandish his wand at the snake and there be a loud bang ; the snake , instead of vanish , fly ten foot into the air and fall back to the floor with a loud smack . enraged , hiss furiously , it slither straight toward Justin Finch-Fletchley and raise itself again , fang expose , poise to strike . Harry be n't sure what make him do it . he be n't even aware of decide to do it . all he know be that his leg be carry him forward as though he be on caster and that he have shout stupidly at the snake , " leave him alone ! " and miraculously -- inexplicably -- the snake slump to the floor , docile as a thick , black garden hose , its eye now on Harry . Harry feel the fear drain out of him . he know the snake would n't attack anyone now , though how he know it , he could n't have explain . he look up at Justin , grin , expect to see Justin look relieved , or puzzle , or even grateful -- but certainly not angry and scared . " what do you think you be play at ? " he shout , and before Harry could say anything , Justin have turn and storm out of the hall . Snape step forward , wave his wand , and the snake vanish in a small puff of black smoke . Snape , too , be look at Harry in an unexpected way : it be a shrewd and calculating look , and Harry do n't like it . he be also dimly aware of an ominous mutter all around the wall . then he feel a tug on the back of his robe . " come on , " say Ron 's voice in his ear . " move -- come on -- " Ron steer him out of the hall , Hermione hurry alongside them . as they go through the door , the people on either side draw away as though they be frighten of catch something . Harry do n't have a clue what be go on , and neither Ron nor Hermione explain anything until they have drag him all the way up to the empty Gryffindor common room . then Ron push Harry into an armchair and say , " you be a Parselmouth . why do n't you tell us ? " " I be a what ? " say Harry . " a Parselmouth ! " say Ron . " you can talk to snake ! " " I know , " say Harry . " I mean , that be only the second time I have ever do it . I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the zoo once -- long story -- but it be tell me it have never see Brazil and I sort of set it free without mean to -- that be before I know I be a wizard -- " " a boa constrictor tell you it have never see Brazil ? " Ron repeat faintly . " so ? " say Harry . " I bet load of people here can do it . " " oh , no they can't,"said Ron . " it be not a very common gift . Harry , this be bad . " " what be bad ? " say Harry , start to feel quite angry . " what be wrong with everyone ? listen , if I have n't tell that snake not to attack Justin -- " " oh , that be what you say to it ? " " what d'you mean ? you be there -- you hear me -- " " I hear you speak Parseltongue , " say Ron . " snake language . you could have be say anything -- no wonder Justin panick , you sound like you be egg the snake on or something -- it be creepy , you know -- " Harry gape at him . " I speak a different language ? but -- I do n't realize -- how can I speak a language without know I can speak it ? " Ron shake his head . both he and Hermione be look as though someone have die . Harry could n't see what be so terrible . " D'you want to tell me what be wrong with stop a massive snake bite off Justin 's head ? " he say . " what do it matter how I do it as long as Justin do n't have to join the Headless Hunt ? " " it matter , " say Hermione , speak at last in a hush voice , " because be able to talk to snake be what Salazar Slytherin be famous for . that be why the symbol of Slytherin House be a serpent . " Harry 's mouth fall open . " exactly , " say Ron . " and now the whole school be go to think you be his great-great-great-great-grandson or something -- " " but I be not , " say Harry , with a panic he could n't quite explain . " you will find that hard to prove , " say Hermione . " he live about a thousand year ago ; for all we know , you could be . " * * * Harry lie awake for hour that night . through a gap in the curtain around his four-poster he watch snow start to drift past the tower window and wonder ... could he be a descendant of Salazar Slytherin ? he do n't know anything about his father 's family , after all . the Dursley have always forbid question about his wizarding relative . quietly , Harry try to say something in Parseltongue . the word would n't come . it seem he have to be face-to-face with a snake to do it . but I be in Gryffindor , Harry think . the Sorting Hat would n't have put me in here if I have Slytherin blood . ... ah , say a nasty little voice in his brain , but the Sorting Hat want to put you in Slytherin , do n't you remember ? Harry turn over . he will see Justin the next day in Herbology and he will explain that he have be call the snake off , not egg it on , which ( he think angrily , pummel his pillow ) any fool should have realize . by next morning , however , the snow that have begin in the night have turn into a blizzard so thick that the last Herbology lesson of the term be cancel : Professor Sprout want to fit sock and scarves on the Mandrakes , a tricky operation she would entrust to no one else , now that it be so important for the Mandrakes to grow quickly and revive Mrs. Norris and Colin Creevey . Harry fret about this next to the fire in the Gryffindor common room , while Ron and Hermione use their time off to play a game of wizard chess . " for heaven 's sake , Harry , " say Hermione , exasperate , as one of Ron 's bishop wrestle her knight off his horse and drag him off the board . " go and find Justin if it be so important to you . " so Harry get up and leave through the portrait hole , wonder where Justin might be . the castle be dark than it usually be in daytime because of the thick , swirling gray snow at every window . shiver , Harry walk past classroom where lesson be take place , catching snatch of what be happen within . Professor McGonagall be shout at someone who , by the sound of it , have turn his friend into a badger . resist the urge to take a look , Harry walk on by , think that Justin might be use his free time to catch up on some work , and decide to check the library first . a group of the Hufflepuffs who should have be in Herbology be indeed sit at the back of the library , but they do n't seem to be work . between the long line of high bookshelve , Harry could see that their head be close together and they be have what look like an absorbing conversation . he could n't see whether Justin be among them . he be walk toward them when something of what they be say meet his ear , and he pause to listen , hide in the invisibility section . " so anyway , " a stout boy be say , " I tell Justin to hide up in our dormitory . I mean to say , if Potter 's mark him down as his next victim , it be good if he keep a low profile for a while . of course , Justin have be wait for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to Potter he be Muggle-born . Justin actually tell him he have be down for Eton . that be not the kind of thing you bandy about with Slytherin 's heir on the loose , be it ? " " you definitely think it be Potter , then , Ernie ? " say a girl with blonde pigtail anxiously . " Hannah , " say the stout boy solemnly , " he be a Parselmouth . everyone know that be the mark of a dark wizard . have you ever hear of a decent one who could talk to snake ? they call Slytherin himself Serpent-tongue . " there be some heavy murmur at this , and Ernie go on , " remember what be write on the wall ? enemy of the Heir , beware . Potter have some sort of run-in with Filch . next thing we know , Filch 's cat be attack . that first year , Creevey , be annoy Potter at the Quidditch match , take picture of him while he be lie in the mud . next thing we know -- Creevey have be attack . " " he always seem so nice , though , " say Hannah uncertainly , " and , well , he be the one who make You-Know-Who disappear . he ca n't be all bad , can he ? " Ernie lower his voice mysteriously , the Hufflepuffs bend close , and Harry edge near so that he could catch Ernie 's word . " no one know how he survive that attack by You-Know-Who . I mean to say , he be only a baby when it happen . he should have be blast into smithereens . only a really powerful dark wizard could have survive a curse like that . " he drop his voice until it be barely more than a whisper , and say , " that be probably why You-Know-Who want to kill him in the first place . do n't want another Dark Lord compete with him . I wonder what other power Potter have be hide ? " Harry could n't take anymore . clear his throat loudly , he step out from behind the bookshelve . if he have n't be feel so angry , he would have find the sight that greet him funny : every one of the Hufflepuffs look as though they have be petrify by the sight of him , and the color be drain out of Ernie 's face . " hello , " say Harry . " I be look for Justin Finch-Fletchley . " the Hufflepuffs ' bad fear have clearly be confirm . they all look fearfully at Ernie . " what do you want with him ? " say Ernie in a quaver voice . " I want to tell him what really happen with that snake at the Dueling Club , " say Harry . Ernie bite his white lip and then , take a deep breath , say , " we be all there . we see what happen . " " then you notice that after I speak to it , the snake back off ? " say Harry . " all I see , " say Ernie stubbornly , though he be tremble as he speak , " be you speak Parseltongue and chase the snake toward Justin . " " I do n't chase it at him ! " Harry say , his voice shake with anger . " it do n't even touch him ! " " it be a very near miss , " say Ernie . " and in case you be get idea , " he add hastily , " I might tell you that you can trace my family back through nine generation of witch and warlock and my blood be as pure as anyone be , so -- " " I do n't care what sort of blood you have get ! " say Harry fiercely . " why would I want to attack Muggle-borns ? " " I have hear you hate those Muggles you live with , " say Ernie swiftly . " it be not possible to live with the Dursley and not hate them , " say Harry . " I will like to see you try it . " he turn on his heel and storm out of the library , earn himself a reprove glare from Madam Pince , who be polish the gilded cover of a large spellbook . Harry blunder up the corridor , barely notice where he be go , he be in such a fury . the result be that he walk into something very large and solid , which knock him backward onto the floor . " oh , hello , Hagrid , " Harry say , look up . Hagrid 's face be entirely hide by a woolly , snow-covered balaclava , but it could n't possibly be anyone else , as he fill most of the corridor in his moleskin overcoat . a dead rooster be hang from one of his massive , glove hand . " all righ ' , Harry ? " he say , pull up the balaclava so he could speak . " why be n't yeh in class ? " " cancel , " say Harry , get up . " what be you do in here ? " Hagrid hold up the limp rooster . " second one kill this term , " he explain . " it be either fox or a Blood-Suckin ' Bugbear , an ' I need the headmaster 's permission ter put a charm around the hen coop . " he peer more closely at Harry from under his thick , snow-flecked eyebrow . " Yeh sure yeh be all righ ' ? Yeh look all hot an ' bother -- " Harry could n't bring himself to repeat what Ernie and the rest of the Hufflepuffs have be say about him . " it be nothing , " he say . " I will well get go , Hagrid , it be transfiguration next and I have get to pick up my book . " he walk off , his mind still full of what Ernie have say about him . " Justin have be wait for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to Potter he be Muggle-born . ... " Harry stamp up the stair and turn along another corridor , which be particularly dark ; the torch have be extinguish by a strong , icy draft that be blow through a loose windowpane . he be halfway down the passage when he trip headlong over something lie on the floor . he turn to squint at what he have fall over and feel as though his stomach have dissolve . Justin Finch-Fletchley be lie on the floor , rigid and cold , a look of shock freeze on his face , his eye stare blankly at the ceiling . and that be n't all . next to him be another figure , the strange sight Harry have ever see . it be nearly headless Nick , no longer pearly-white and transparent , but black and smoky , floating immobile and horizontal , six inch off the floor . his head be half off and his face wear an expression of shock identical to Justin 's . Harry get to his foot , his breathe fast and shallow , his heart do a kind of drumroll against his rib . he look wildly up and down the desert corridor and see a line of spider scuttle as fast as they could away from the body . the only sound be the muffle voice of teacher from the class on either side . he could run , and no one would ever know he have be there . but he could n't just leave them lie here . ... he have to get help . ... Would anyone believe he have n't have anything to do with this ? as he stand there , panick , a door right next to him open with a bang . peeve the poltergeist come shoot out . " why , it be potty wee Potter ! " cackle Peeves , knock Harry 's glass askew as he bounce past him . " what be Potter up to ? why be Potter lurk -- " Peeves stop , halfway through a midair somersault . upside down , he spot Justin and nearly Headless Nick . he flip the right way up , fill his lung and , before Harry could stop him , scream , " Attack ! attack ! another Attack ! no MORTAL Or GHOST be Safe ! run for YOUR Lives ! ATTAAAACK ! " crash -- crash -- crash -- door after door fly open along the corridor and people flood out . for several long minute , there be a scene of such confusion that Justin be in danger of be squash and people keep stand in nearly headless Nick . Harry find himself pin against the wall as the teacher shout for quiet . Professor McGonagall come run , follow by her own class , one of whom still have black-and-white-striped hair . she use her wand to set off a loud bang , which restore silence , and order everyone back into their class . no sooner have the scene clear somewhat than Ernie the Hufflepuff arrive , pant , on the scene . " catch in the act ! " Ernie yell , his face stark white , point his finger dramatically at Harry . " that will do , Macmillan ! " say Professor McGonagall sharply . peeve be bob overhead , now grin wickedly , survey the scene ; Peeves always love chaos . as the teacher bend over Justin and nearly Headless Nick , examine them , Peeves break into song : " oh , Potter , you rotter , oh , what have you do , you be kill off student , you think it be good fun -- " " that be enough , Peeves ! " bark Professor McGonagall , and Peeves zoom away backward , with his tongue out at Harry . Justin be carry up to the hospital wing by Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department , but nobody seem to know what to do for nearly headless Nick . in the end , Professor McGonagall conjure a large fan out of thin air , which she give to Ernie with instruction to waft nearly Headless Nick up the stair . this Ernie do , fan Nick along like a silent black hovercraft . this leave Harry and Professor McGonagall alone together . " this way , Potter , " she say . " professor , " say Harry at once , " I swear I do n't -- " " this be out of my hand , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall curtly . they march in silence around a corner and she stop before a large and extremely ugly stone gargoyle . " Lemon drop ! " she say . this be evidently a password , because the gargoyle spring suddenly to life and hop aside as the wall behind him split in two . even full of dread for what be come , Harry could n't fail to be amaze . behind the wall be a spiral staircase that be move smoothly upward , like an escalator . as he and Professor McGonagall step onto it , Harry hear the wall thud close behind them . they rise upward in circle , high and high , until at last , slightly dizzy , Harry see a gleam oak door ahead , with a brass knocker in the shape of a griffin . he know now where he be be take . this must be where Dumbledore live . the Polyjuice Potion they step off the stone staircase at the top , and Professor McGonagall rap on the door . it open silently and they enter . Professor McGonagall tell Harry to wait and leave him there , alone . Harry look around . one thing be certain : of all the teacher ' office Harry have visit so far this year , Dumbledore 's be by far the most interesting . if he have n't be scare out of his wit that he be about to be throw out of school , he would have be very please to have a chance to look around it . it be a large and beautiful circular room , full of funny little noise . a number of curious silver instrument stand on spindle-legged table , whir and emit little puff of smoke . the wall be cover with portrait of old headmaster and headmistress , all of whom be snooze gently in their frame . there be also an enormous , claw-footed desk , and , sit on a shelf behind it , a shabby , tatter wizard 's hat -- the Sorting Hat . Harry hesitate . he cast a wary eye around the sleep witch and wizard on the wall . surely it could n't hurt if he take the hat down and try it on again ? just to see ... just to make sure it have put him in the right house - he walk quietly around the desk , lift the hat from its shelf , and lower it slowly onto his head . it be much too large and slip down over his eye , just as it have do the last time he will put it on . Harry stare at the black inside of the hat , wait . then a small voice say in his ear , " Bee in your bonnet , Harry Potter ? " " er , yes , " Harry mutter . " er -- sorry to bother you -- I want to ask -- " " you have be wonder whether I put you in the right house , " say the hat smartly . " yes ... you be particularly difficult to place . but I stand by what I say before " -- Harry 's heart leap -- " you would have do well in Slytherin -- " Harry 's stomach plummet . he grab the point of the hat and pull it off . it hang limply in his hand , grubby and fade . Harry push it back onto its shelf , feel sick . " you be wrong , " he say aloud to the still and silent hat . it do n't move . Harry back away , watch it . then a strange , gag noise behind him make him wheel around . he be n't alone after all . stand on a golden perch behind the door be a decrepit-looking bird that resemble a half-plucked turkey . Harry stare at it and the bird look balefully back , make its gag noise again . Harry think it look very ill . its eye be dull and , even as Harry watch , a couple more feather fall out of its tail . Harry be just think that all he need be for Dumbledore 's pet bird to die while he be alone in the office with it , when the bird burst into flame . Harry yell in shock and back away into the desk . he look feverishly around in case there be a glass of water somewhere but could n't see one ; the bird , meanwhile , have become a fireball ; it give one loud shriek and next second there be nothing but a smolder pile of ash on the floor . the office door open . Dumbledore come in , look very somber . " professor , " Harry gasp . " your bird -- I could n't do anything -- he just catch fire -- " to Harry 's astonishment , Dumbledore smile . " about time , too , " he say . " he have be look dreadful for day ; I have be tell him to get a move on . " he chuckle at the stun look on Harry 's face . " Fawkes be a phoenix , Harry . Phoenix burst into flame when it be time for them to die and be reborn from the ash . watch him ... " Harry look down in time to see a tiny , wrinkle , newborn bird poke its head out of the ash . it be quite as ugly as the old one . " it be a shame you have to see him on a Burning Day , " say Dumbledore , seat himself behind his desk . " he be really very handsome most of the time , wonderful red and gold plumage . fascinating creature , phoenix . they can carry immensely heavy load , their tear have healing power , and they make highly faithful pet . " in the shock of Fawkes catch fire , Harry have forget what he be there for , but it all come back to him as Dumbledore settle himself in the high chair behind the desk and fix Harry with his penetrating , light-blue stare . before Dumbledore could speak another word , however , the door of the office fly open with an almighty bang and Hagrid burst in , a wild look in his eye , his balaclava perch on top of his shaggy black head and the dead rooster still swing from his hand . " it wasn ' Harry , Professor Dumbledore ! " say Hagrid urgently . " I be talkin ' ter him second before that kid be find , he never have time , sir -- " Dumbledore try to say something , but Hagrid go rant on , wave the rooster around in his agitation , send feather everywhere . " - it ca n't have bin him , I will swear it in front o ' the Ministry o ' Magic if I have to -- " " Hagrid , I -- " " - yeh have get the wrong boy , sir , I know Harry never -- " " Hagrid ! " say Dumbledore loudly . " I do not think that Harry attack those people . " " oh , " say Hagrid , the rooster fall limply at his side . " right . I will wait outside then , Headmaster . " and he stomp out look embarrassed . " you do n't think it be me , Professor ? " Harry repeat hopefully as Dumbledore brush rooster feather off his desk . " no , Harry , I do n't , " say Dumbledore , though his face be somber again . " but I still want to talk to you . " Harry wait nervously while Dumbledore consider him , the tip of his long finger together . " I must ask you , Harry , whether there be anything you will like to tell me , " he say gently . " anything at all . " Harry do n't know what to say . he think of Malfoy shout , " you will be next , Mudbloods ! " and of the Polyjuice Potion simmer away in Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . then he think of the disembodied voice he have hear twice and remember what Ron have say : " hearing voice no one else can hear be n't a good sign , even in the wizarding world . " he think , too , about what everyone be say about him , and his grow dread that he be somehow connect with Salazar Slytherin . ... " no , " say Harry . " there be n't anything , Professor . ... " the double attack on Justin and nearly Headless Nick turn what have hitherto be nervousness into real panic . curiously , it be nearly headless Nick 's fate that seem to worry people most . what could possibly do that to a ghost ? people ask each other ; what terrible power could harm someone who be already dead ? there be almost a stampede to book seat on the Hogwarts Express so that student could go home for Christmas . " at this rate , we will be the only one leave , " Ron tell Harry and Hermione . " us , Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle . what a jolly holiday it be go to be . " Crabbe and Goyle , who always do whatever Malfoy do , have sign up to stay over the holiday , too . but Harry be glad that most people be leave . he be tire of people skirt around him in the corridor , as though he be about to sprout fang or spit poison ; tired of all the mutter , point , and hiss as he pass . Fred and George , however , find all this very funny . they go out of their way to march ahead of Harry down the corridor , shout , " make way for the Heir of Slytherin , seriously evil wizard come through . ... " Percy be deeply disapprove of this behavior . " it be not a laughing matter , " he say coldly . " oh , get out of the way , Percy , " say Fred . " Harry 's in a hurry . " " yeah , he be off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his fanged servant , " say George , chortle . Ginny do n't find it amusing either . " oh , do n't , " she wail every time Fred ask Harry loudly who he be plan to attack next , or when George pretend to ward Harry off with a large clove of garlic when they meet . Harry do n't mind ; it make him feel well that Fred and George , at least , think the idea of his be Slytherin 's heir be quite ludicrous . but their antic seem to be aggravate Draco Malfoy , who look increasingly sour each time he see them at it . " it be because he be burst to say it be really him , " say Ron knowingly . " you know how he hate anyone beat him at anything , and you be get all the credit for his dirty work . " " not for long , " say Hermione in a satisfied tone . " the Polyjuice Potion 's nearly ready . we will be get the truth out of him any day now . " at last the term end , and a silence deep as the snow on the ground descend on the castle . Harry find it peaceful , rather than gloomy , and enjoy the fact that he , Hermione , and the Weasleys have the run of Gryffindor Tower , which mean they could play Exploding Snap loudly without bother anyone , and practice dueling in private . Fred , George , and Ginny have choose to stay at school rather than visit Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley . Percy , who disapprove of what he term their childish behavior , do n't spend much time in the Gryffindor common room . he have already tell them pompously that he be only stay over Christmas because it be his duty as a prefect to support the teacher during this troubled time . Christmas morning dawn , cold and white . Harry and Ron , the only one leave in their dormitory , be wake very early by Hermione , who burst in , fully dress and carry present for them both . " wake up , " she say loudly , pull back the curtain at the window . " Hermione -- you be not suppose to be in here -- " say Ron , shield his eye against the light . " Merry Christmas to you , too , " say Hermione , throw him his present . " I have be up for nearly an hour , add more lace-wings to the potion . it be ready . " Harry sit up , suddenly wide awake . " be you sure ? " " positive , " say Hermione , shirting Scabbers the rat so that she could sit down on the end of Ron 's four-poster . " if we be go to do it , I say it should be tonight . " at that moment , Hedwig swoop into the room , carry a very small package in her beak . " hello , " say Harry happily as she land on his bed . " be you speak to me again ? " she nibble his ear in an affectionate sort of way , which be a far well present than the one that she have bring him , which turn out to be from the Dursley . they have send Harry a toothpick and a note tell him to find out whether he will be able to stay at Hogwarts for the summer vacation , too . the rest of Harry 's Christmas present be far more satisfactory . Hagrid have send him a large tin of treacle toffee , which Harry decide to soften by the fire before eating ; Ron have give him a book call Flying with the Cannons , a book of interesting fact about his favorite Quidditch team , and Hermione have buy him a luxury eagle-feather quill . Harry open the last present to find a new , hand-knit sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake . he read her card with a fresh surge of guilt , think about Mr. Weasley 's car ( which have n't be see since its crash with the Whomping Willow ) , and the bout of rule-breaking he and Ron be plan next . no one , not even someone dread take Polyjuice Potion later , could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at Hogwarts . the Great Hall look magnificent . not only be there a dozen frost-covered Christmas tree and thick streamer of holly and mistletoe crisscross the ceiling , but enchant snow be fall , warm and dry , from the ceiling . Dumbledore lead them in a few of his favorite carol , Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every goblet of eggnog he consume . Percy , who have n't notice that Fred have bewitch his prefect badge so that it now read " Pin-head , " keep ask them all what they be snigger at . Harry do n't even care that Draco Malfoy be make loud , snide remark about his new sweater from the Slytherin table . with a bit of luck , Malfoy would be get his comeuppance in a few hour ' time . Harry and Ron have barely finish their third helping of Christmas pudding when Hermione usher them out of the hall to finalize their plan for the evening . " we still need a bit of the people you be change into , " say Hermione matter-of-factly , as though she be send them to the supermarket for laundry detergent . " and obviously , it will be good if you can get something of Crabbe 's and Goyle 's ; they be Malfoy 's good friend , he will tell them anything . and we also need to make sure the real Crabbe and Goyle ca n't burst in on us while we be interrogate him . " I have get it all work out , " she go on smoothly , ignore Harry 's and Ron 's stupefy face . she hold up two plump chocolate cake . " I have fill these with a simple Sleeping Draught . all you have to do be make sure Crabbe and Goyle find them . you know how greedy they be , they be bind to eat them . once they be asleep , pull out a few of their hair and hide them in a broom closet . " Harry and Ron look incredulously at each other . " Hermione , I do n't think -- " " that could go seriously wrong -- " but Hermione have a steely glint in her eye not unlike the one Professor McGonagall sometimes have . " the potion will be useless without Crabbe 's and Goyle 's hair , " she say sternly . " you do want to investigate Malfoy , do n't you ? " " oh , all right , all right , " say Harry . " but what about you ? whose hair be you rip out ? " " I have already get mine ! " say Hermione brightly , pull a tiny bottle out of her pocket and show them the single hair inside it . " remember Millicent Bulstrode wrestle with me at the Dueling Club ? she leave this on my robe when she be try to strangle me ! and she have go home for Christmas -- so I will just have to tell the Slytherins I have decide to come back . " when Hermione have bustle off to check on the Polyjuice Potion again , Ron turn to Harry with a doom-laden expression . " have you ever hear of a plan where so many thing could go wrong ? " but to Harry 's and Ron 's utter amazement , stage one of the operation go just as smoothly as Hermione have say . they lurk in the desert entrance hall after Christmas tea , wait for Crabbe and Goyle who have remain alone at the Slytherin table , shovel down fourth helping of trifle . Harry have perch the chocolate cake on the end of the banisters . when they spot Crabbe and Goyle come out of the Great Hall , Harry and Ron hide quickly behind a suit of armor next to the front door . " how thick can you get ? " Ron whisper ecstatically as Crabbe gleefully point out the cake to Goyle and grab them . grin stupidly , they stuff the cake whole into their large mouth . for a moment , both of them chew greedily , look of triumph on their face . then , without the small change of expression , they both keel over backward onto the floor . by far the hard part be hide them in the closet across the hall . once they be safely stow among the bucket and mop , Harry yank out a couple of the bristle that cover Goyle 's forehead and Ron pull out several of Crabbe 's hair . they also steal their shoe , because their own be far too small for Crabbe- and Goyle-size foot . then , still stun at what they have just do , they sprint up to Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . they could hardly see for the thick black smoke issue from the stall in which Hermione be stir the cauldron . pull their robe up over their face , Harry and Ron knock softly on the door . " Hermione ? " they hear the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerge , shiny-faced and look anxious . behind her they hear the gloop gloop of the bubble , glutinous potion . three glass tumbler stand ready on the toilet seat . " do you get them ? " Hermione ask breathlessly . Harry show her Goyle 's hair . " good . and I sneak these spare robe out of the laundry , " Hermione say , hold up a small sack . " you will need big size once you be Crabbe and Goyle . " the three of them stare into the cauldron . close up , the potion look like thick , dark mud , bubble sluggishly . " I be sure I have do everything right , " say Hermione , nervously reread the splotch page of Moste Potente potion . " it look like the book say it should ... once we have drink it , we will have exactly an hour before we change back into ourselves . " " now what ? " Ron whisper . " we separate it into three glass and add the hair . " Hermione ladle large dollop of the potion into each of the glass . then , her hand tremble , she shake Millicent Bulstrode 's hair out of its bottle into the first glass . the potion hiss loudly like a boil kettle and froth madly . a second later , it have turn a sick sort of yellow . " urgh -- essence of Millicent Bulstrode , " say Ron , eye it with loathing . " bet it taste disgusting . " " add yours , then , " say Hermione . Harry drop Goyle 's hair into the middle glass and Ron put Crabbe 's into the last one . both glass hiss and froth : Goyle 's turn the khaki color of a booger , Crabbe be a dark , murky brown . " hang on , " say Harry as Ron and Hermione reach for their glass . " we will better not all drink them in here . ... once we turn into Crabbe and Goyle we wo n't fit . and Millicent Bulstrode be no pixie . " " good thinking , " say Ron , unlock the door . " we will take separate stall . " careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion , Harry slip into the middle stall . " ready ? " he call . " ready , " come Ron 's and Hermione 's voice . " one -- two -- three -- " pinch his nose , Harry drink the potion down in two large gulp . it taste like overcook cabbage . immediately , his inside start writhe as though he have just swallow live snake -- double up , he wonder whether he be go to be sick -- then a burning sensation spread rapidly from his stomach to the very end of his finger and toe -- next , bring him gasp to all four , come a horrible melting feeling , as the skin all over his body bubble like hot wax -- and before his eye , his hand begin to grow , the finger thicken , the nail broaden , the knuckle be bulge like bolt -- his shoulder stretch painfully and a prickle on his forehead tell him that hair be creep down toward his eyebrow -- his robe rip as his chest expand like a barrel burst its hoop -- his foot be agony in shoe four size too small - as suddenly as it have start , everything stop . Harry lie facedown on the stone-cold floor , listen to Myrtle gurgle morosely in the end toilet . with difficulty , he kick off his shoe and stand up . so this be what it feel like , being Goyle . his large hand tremble , he pull off his old robe , which be hang a foot above his ankle , pull on the spare one , and lace up Goyle 's boatlike shoe . he reach up to brush his hair out of his eye and meet only the short growth of wiry bristle , low on his forehead . then he realize that his glass be cloud his eye because Goyle obviously do n't need them -- he take them off and call , " be you two okay ? " Goyle 's low rasp of a voice issue from his mouth . " yeah , " come the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right . Harry unlock his door and step in front of the cracked mirror . Goyle stare back at him out of dull , deepset eye . Harry scratch his ear . so do Goyle . Ron 's door open . they stare at each other . except that he look pale and shocked , Ron be indistinguishable from Crabbe , from the pudding-bowl haircut to the long , gorilla arm . " this be unbelievable , " say Ron , approach the mirror and prod Crabbe 's flat nose . " unbelievable . " " we will well get go , " say Harry , loosen the watch that be cut into Goyle 's thick wrist . " we have still get to find out where the Slytherin common room be . I only hope we can find someone to follow ... " Ron , who have be gaze at Harry , say , " you do n't know how bizarre it be to see Goyle thinking . " he bang on Hermione 's door . " C'mon , we need to go -- " a high-pitched voice answer him . " I -- I do n't think I be go to come after all . you go on without me . " " Hermione , we know Millicent Bulstrode 's ugly , no one be go to know it be you -- " " no -- really -- I do n't think I will come . you two hurry up , you be waste time -- " Harry look at Ron , bewilder . " that look more like Goyle , " say Ron . " that be how he look every time a teacher ask him a question . " " Hermione , be you okay ? " say Harry through the door . " fine -- I be fine -- go on -- " Harry look at his watch . five of their precious sixty minute have already pass . " we will meet you back here , all right ? " he say . Harry and Ron open the door of the bathroom carefully , check that the coast be clear , and set off . " do n't swing your arm like that , " Harry mutter to Ron . " Eh ? " " Crabbe hold them sort of stiff . ... " " how be this ? " " yeah , that be good . ... " they go down the marble staircase . all they need now be a Slytherin that they could follow to the Slytherin common room , but there be nobody around . " any idea ? " mutter Harry . " the Slytherins always come up to breakfast from over there , " say Ron , nod at the entrance to the dungeon . the word have barely leave his mouth when a girl with long , curly hair emerge from the entrance . " excuse me , " say Ron , hurry up to her . " we have forget the way to our common room . " " I beg your pardon ? " say the girl stiffly . " our common room ? I be a Ravenclaw . " she walk away , look suspiciously back at them . Harry and Ron hurry down the stone step into the darkness , their footstep echo particularly loudly as Crabbe 's and Goyle 's huge foot hit the floor , feel that this be n't go to be as easy as they have hope . the labyrinthine passage be desert . they walk deep and deep under the school , constantly check their watch to see how much time they have leave . after a quarter of an hour , just when they be get desperate , they hear a sudden movement ahead . " Ha ! " say Ron excitedly . " there be one of them now ! " the figure be emerge from a side room . as they hurry near , however , their heart sink . it be n't a Slytherin , it be Percy . " what be you do down here ? " say Ron in surprise . Percy look affront . " that , " he say stiffly , " be none of your business . it be Crabbe , be n't it ? " " Wh -- oh , yeah , " say Ron . " well , get off to your dormitory , " say Percy sternly . " it be not safe to go wander around dark corridor these day . " " you be , " Ron point out . " I , " say Percy , draw himself up , " be a prefect . nothing be about to attack me . " a voice suddenly echo behind Harry and Ron . Draco Malfoy be stroll toward them , and for the first time in his life , Harry be please to see him . " there you be , " he drawl , look at them . " have you two be pig out in the Great Hall all this time ? I have be look for you ; I want to show you something really funny . " Malfoy glance witheringly at Percy . " and what be you do down here , Weasley ? " he sneer . Percy look outraged . " you want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect ! " he say . " I do n't like your attitude ! " Malfoy sneer and motion for Harry and Ron to follow him . Harry almost say something apologetic to Percy but catch himself just in time . he and Ron hurry after Malfoy , who say as they turn into the next passage , " that Peter Weasley -- " " Percy , " Ron correct him automatically . " whatever , " say Malfoy . " I have notice him sneaking around a lot lately . and I bet I know what he be up to . he think he be go to catch Slytherin 's heir single-handed . " he give a short , derisive laugh . Harry and Ron exchange excited look . Malfoy pause by a stretch of bare , damp stone wall . " what be the new password again ? " he say to Harry . " er -- " say Harry . " oh , yeah -- pure-blood ! " say Malfoy , not listen , and a stone door conceal in the wall slide open . Malfoy march through it , and Harry and Ron follow him . the Slytherin common room be a long , low underground room with rough stone wall and ceiling from which round , greenish lamp be hang on chain . a fire be crackle under an elaborately carve mantelpiece ahead of them , and several Slytherins be silhouette around it in high-backed chair . " wait here , " say Malfoy to Harry and Ron , motion them to a pair of empty chair set back from the fire . " I will go and get it -- my father be just send it to me -- " Wondering what Malfoy be go to show them , Harry and Ron sit down , do their good to look at home . Malfoy come back a minute later , hold what look like a newspaper clipping . he thrust it under Ron 's nose . " that will give you a laugh , " he say . Harry see Ron 's eye widen in shock . he read the clipping quickly , give a very force laugh , and hand it to Harry . it have be clip out of the Daily Prophet , and it say : Arthur Weasley , Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office , be today fine fifty Galleons for bewitch a Muggle car . Mr. Lucius Malfoy , a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , where the enchant car crash earlier this year , call today for Mr. Weasley 's resignation . " Weasley have bring the Ministry into disrepute , " Mr. Malfoy tell our reporter . " he be clearly unfit to draw up our law and his ridiculous Muggle Protection Act should be scrap immediately . " Mr. Weasley be unavailable for comment , although his wife tell reporter to clear off or she will set the family ghoul on them . " well ? " say Malfoy impatiently as Harry hand the clipping back to him . " do n't you think it be funny ? " " Ha , ha , " say Harry bleakly . " Arthur Weasley love Muggles so much he should snap his wand in half and go and join them , " say Malfoy scornfully . " you will never know the Weasleys be purebloods , the way they behave . " Ron 's -- or rather , Crabbe 's -- face be contort with fury . " what be up with you , Crabbe ? " snap Malfoy . " stomachache , " Ron grunt . " well , go up to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick from me , " say Malfoy , snicker . " you know , I be surprise the Daily Prophet have n't report all these attack yet , " he go on thoughtfully . " I suppose Dumbledore be try to hush it all up . he will be sack if it do n't stop soon . Father 's always say old Dumbledore be the bad thing that be ever happen to this place . he love Muggle-borns . a decent headmaster would never have let slime like that Creevey in . " Malfoy start take picture with an imaginary camera and do a cruel but accurate impression of Colin : " ' Potter , can I have your picture , Potter ? can I have your autograph ? can I lick your shoe , please , Potter ? ' " he drop his hand and look at Harry and Ron . " what be the matter with you two ? " far too late , Harry and Ron force themselves to laugh , but Malfoy seem satisfy ; perhaps Crabbe and Goyle be always slow on the uptake . " Saint Potter , the Mudbloods ' friend , " say Malfoy slowly . " he be another one with no proper wizard feeling , or he would n't go around with that jumped-up Granger Mudblood . and people think he be Slytherin 's heir ! " Harry and Ron wait with bate breath : Malfoy be surely second away from tell them it be him -- but then - " I wish I know who it be , " say Malfoy petulantly . " I could help them . " Ron 's jaw drop so that Crabbe look even more clueless than usual . fortunately , Malfoy do n't notice , and Harry , think fast , say , " you must have some idea who be behind it all . ... " " you know I have n't , Goyle , how many time do I have to tell you ? " snap Malfoy . " and Father wo n't tell me anything about the last time the Chamber be open either . of course , it be fifty year ago , so it be before his time , but he know all about it , and he say that it be all keep quiet and it will look suspicious if I know too much about it . but I know one thing -- last time the Chamber of Secrets be open , a Mudblood die . so I bet it be a matter of time before one of them have kill this time . ... I hope it be Granger , " he say with relish . Ron be clench Crabbe 's gigantic fist . feel that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punch Malfoy , Harry shoot him a warning look and say , " D'you know if the person who open the Chamber last time be catch ? " " oh , yeah ... whoever it be be expel , " say Malfoy . " they be probably still in Azkaban . " " Azkaban ? " say Harry , puzzle . " Azkaban -- the wizard prison , Goyle , " say Malfoy , look at him in disbelief . " honestly , if you be any slow , you will be go backward . " he shift restlessly in his chair and say , " Father say to keep my head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with it . he say the school need rid of all the Mudblood filth , but not to get mix up in it . of course , he have get a lot on his plate at the moment . you know the Ministry of Magic raid our manor last week ? " Harry try to force Goyle 's dull face into a look of concern . " yeah ... " say Malfoy . " luckily , they do n't find much . Father 's get some very valuable dark art stuff . but luckily , we have get our own secret chamber under the drawing-room floor -- " " Ho ! " say Ron . Malfoy look at him . so do Harry . Ron blush . even his hair be turn red . his nose be also slowly lengthen -- their hour be up , Ron be turn back into himself , and from the look of horror he be suddenly give Harry , he must be , too . they both jump to their foot . " medicine for my stomach , " Ron grunt , and without further ado they sprint the length of the Slytherin common room , hurl themselves at the stone wall , and dash up the passage , hope against hope that Malfoy have n't notice anything . Harry could feel his foot slip around in Goyle 's huge shoe and have to hoist up his robe as he shrink ; they crash up the step into the dark entrance hall , which be full of a muffle pound come from the closet where they have lock Crabbe and Goyle . leave their shoe outside the closet door , they sprint in their sock up the marble staircase toward Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . " well , it be n't a complete waste of time , " Ron pant , close the bathroom door behind them . " I know we still have n't find out who be do the attack , but I be go to write to Dad tomorrow and tell him to check under the Malfoys ' draw room . " Harry check his face in the cracked mirror . he be back to normal . he put his glass on as Ron hammer on the door of Hermione 's stall . " Hermione , come out , we have get load to tell you -- " " go away ! " Hermione squeak . Harry and Ron look at each other . " what be the matter ? " say Ron . " you must be back to normal by now , we be -- " but Moaning Myrtle glide suddenly through the stall door . Harry have never see her look so happy . " Ooooooh , wait till you see , " she say . " it be awful -- " they hear the lock slide back and Hermione emerge , sob , her robe pull up over her head . " what be up ? " say Ron uncertainly . " have you still get Millicent 's nose or something ? " Hermione let her robe fall and Ron back into the sink . her face be cover in black fur . her eye have turn yellow and there be long , pointed ear poke through her hair . " it be a c-cat hair ! " she howl . " M-Millicent Bulstrode m-must have a cat ! and the p-potion be n't suppose to be use for animal transformation ! " " Uh-oh , " say Ron . " you will be tease something dreadful , " say Myrtle happily . " it be okay , Hermione , " say Harry quickly . " we will take you up to the hospital wing . madam Pomfrey never ask too many question . ... " it take a long time to persuade Hermione to leave the bathroom . moan Myrtle speed them on their way with a hearty guffaw . " wait till everyone find out you have get a tail ! " the Very Secret Diary Hermione remain in the hospital wing for several week . there be a flurry of rumor about her disappearance when the rest of the school arrive back from their Christmas holiday , because of course everyone think that she have be attack . so many student file past the hospital wing try to catch a glimpse of her that Madam Pomfrey take out her curtain again and place them around Hermione 's bed , to spare her the shame of be see with a furry face . Harry and Ron go to visit her every evening . when the new term start , they bring her each day 's homework . " if I have sprout whisker , I will take a break from work , " say Ron , tip a stack of book onto Hermione 's bedside table one evening . " do n't be silly , Ron , I have get to keep up , " say Hermione briskly . her spirit be greatly improve by the fact that all the hair have go from her face and her eye be turn slowly back to brown . " I do n't suppose you have get any new lead ? " she add in a whisper , so that Madam Pomfrey could n't hear her . " nothing , " say Harry gloomily . " I be so sure it be Malfoy , " say Ron , for about the hundredth time . " what be that ? " ask Harry , point to something gold stick out from under Hermione 's pillow . " just a get well card , " say Hermione hastily , try to poke it out of sight , but Ron be too quick for her . he pull it out , flick it open , and read aloud : " to Miss Granger , wish you a speedy recovery , from your concerned teacher , Professor Gilderoy Lockhart , order of Merlin , Third Class , Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League , and five-time winner of Witch Weekly 's Most-Charming-Smile Award . " Ron look up at Hermione , disgust . " you sleep with this under your pillow ? " but Hermione be spare answering by Madam Pomfrey sweep over with her evening dose of medicine . " be Lockhart the smarmy bloke you have ever meet , or what ? " Ron say to Harry as they leave the infirmary and start up the stair toward Gryffindor Tower . Snape have give them so much homework , Harry think he be likely to be in the sixth year before he finish it . Ron be just say he wish he have ask Hermione how many rat tail you be suppose to add to a Hair-Raising Potion when an angry outburst from the floor above reach their ear . " that be Filch , " Harry mutter as they hurry up the stair and pause , out of sight , listen hard . " you do n't think someone else have be attack ? " say Ron tensely . they stand still , their head incline toward Filch 's voice , which sound quite hysterical . " - evenmore work for me ! mop all night , like I have n't get enough to do ! no , this be the final straw , I be go to Dumbledore -- " his footstep recede along the out-of-sight corridor and they hear a distant door slam . they poke their head around the corner . filch have clearly be man his usual lookout post : they be once again on the spot where Mrs. Norris have be attack . they see at a glance what Filch have be shout about . a great flood of water stretch over half the corridor , and it look as though it be still seep from under the door of Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . now that Filch have stop shout , they could hear Myrtle 's wail echo off the bathroom wall . " now what be up with her ? " say Ron . " let be go and see , " say Harry , and hold their robe over their ankle they step through the great wash of water to the door bear its out of Order sign , ignore it as always , and enter . moan Myrtle be cry , if possible , louder and harder than ever before . she seem to be hide down her usual toilet . it be dark in the bathroom because the candle have be extinguish in the great rush of water that have leave both wall and floor soak wet . " what be up , Myrtle ? " say Harry . " who be that ? " glugged Myrtle miserably . " come to throw something else at me ? " Harry wade across to her stall and say , " why would I throw something at you ? " " do n't ask me , " Myrtle shout , emerge with a wave of yet more water , which splash onto the already sopping floor . " here I be , mind my own business , and someone think it be funny to throw a book at me . ... " " but it ca n't hurt you if someone throw something at you , " say Harry , reasonably . " I mean , it will just go right through you , would n't it ? " he have say the wrong thing . Myrtle puff herself up and shriek , " Let be all throw book at Myrtle , because she ca n't feel it ! ten point if you can get it through her stomach ! fifty point if it go through her head ! well , ha , ha , ha ! what a lovely game , I do n't think ! " " who throw it at you , anyway ? " ask Harry . " I do n't know . ... I be just sit in the U-bend , think about death , and it fall right through the top of my head , " say Myrtle , glaring at them . " it be over there , it get wash out . ... " Harry and Ron look under the sink where Myrtle be point . a small , thin book lie there . it have a shabby black cover and be as wet as everything else in the bathroom . Harry step forward to pick it up , but Ron suddenly fling out an arm to hold him back . " what ? " say Harry . " be you crazy ? " say Ron . " it could be dangerous . " " dangerous ? " say Harry , laugh . " come off it , how could it be dangerous ? " " you will be surprise , " say Ron , who be look apprehensively at the book . " some of the book the Ministry be confiscate -- Dad 's tell me -- there be one that burn your eye out . and everyone who read sonnet of a Sorcerer speak in limerick for the rest of their life . and some old witch in Bath have a book that you could never stop reading ! you just have to wander around with your nose in it , try to do everything one-handed . and -- " " all right , I have get the point , " say Harry . the little book lie on the floor , nondescript and soggy . " well , we wo n't find out unless we look at it , " he say , and he duck around Ron and pick it up off the floor . Harry see at once that it be a diary , and the fade year on the cover tell him it be fifty year old . he open it eagerly . on the first page he could just make out the name " T. M. Riddle " in smudge ink . " hang on , " say Ron , who have approach cautiously and be look over Harry 's shoulder . " I know that name . ... T. M. Riddle get an award for special service to the school fifty year ago . " " how on earth d'you know that ? " say Harry in amazement . " because Filch make me polish his shield about fifty time in detention , " say Ron resentfully . " that be the one I burp slug all over . if you have wipe slime off a name for an hour , you will remember it , too . " Harry peel the wet page apart . they be completely blank . there be n't the faint trace of write on any of them , not even Auntie Mabel 's birthday , or dentist , half-past three . " he never write in it , " say Harry , disappoint . " I wonder why someone want to flush it away ? " say Ron curiously . Harry turn to the back cover of the book and see the printed name of a variety store on Vauxhall Road , London . " he must have be Muggle-born , " say Harry thoughtfully . " to have buy a diary from Vauxhall Road . ... " " well , it be not much use to you , " say Ron . he drop his voice . " fifty point if you can get it through Myrtle 's nose . " Harry , however , pocket it . Hermione leave the hospital wing , de-whiskered , tail-less , and fur-free , at the beginning of February . on her first evening back in Gryffindor Tower , Harry show her T. M. Riddle 's diary and tell her the story of how they have find it . " Oooh , it might have hide power , " say Hermione enthusiastically , take the diary and look at it closely . " if it have , it be hide them very well , " say Ron . " maybe it be shy . I do n't know why you do n't chuck it , Harry . " " I wish I know why someone do try to chuck it , " say Harry . " I would n't mind know how Riddle get an award for special service to Hogwarts either . " " could have be anything , " say Ron . " maybe he get thirty O.W.L.s or save a teacher from the giant squid . maybe he murder Myrtle ; that would have do everyone a favor . ... " but Harry could tell from the arrest look on Hermione 's face that she be think what he be think . " what ? " say Ron , look from one to the other . " well , the Chamber of Secrets be open fifty year ago , be n't it ? " he say . " that be what Malfoy say . " " yeah ... " say Ron slowly . " and this diary be fifty year old , " say Hermione , tap it excitedly . " so ? " " oh , Ron , wake up , " snap Hermione . " we know the person who open the Chamber last time be expel fifty year ago . we know T. M. Riddle get an award for special service to the school fifty year ago . well , what if Riddle get his special award for catch the Heir of Slytherin ? his diary would probably tell us everything -- where the Chamber be , and how to open it , and what sort of creature life in it -- the person who be behind the attack this time would n't want that lie around , would they ? " " that be a brilliant theory , Hermione , " say Ron , " with just one tiny little flaw . there be nothing write in his diary . " but Hermione be pull her wand out of her bag . " it might be invisible ink ! " she whisper . she tap the diary three time and say , " Aparecium ! " nothing happen . undaunted , Hermione shove her hand back into her bag and pull out what appear to be a bright red eraser . " it be a revealer , I get it in Diagon Alley , " she say . she rub hard on January first . nothing happen . " I be tell you , there be nothing to find in there , " say Ron . " Riddle just get a diary for Christmas and could n't be bother fill it in . " Harry could n't explain , even to himself , why he do n't just throw Riddle 's diary away . the fact be that even though he know the diary be blank , he keep absentmindedly pick it up and turn the page , as though it be a story he want to finish . and while Harry be sure he have never hear the name T. M. Riddle before , it still seem to mean something to him , almost as though Riddle be a friend he have have when he be very small , and have half-forgotten . but this be absurd . he have never have friend before Hogwarts , Dudley have make sure of that . nevertheless , Harry be determine to find out more about Riddle , so next day at break , he head for the trophy room to examine Riddle 's special award , accompany by an interested Hermione and a thoroughly unconvinced Ron , who tell them he have see enough of the trophy room to last him a lifetime . Riddle 's burnish gold shield be tuck away in a corner cabinet . it do n't carry detail of why it have be give to him ( " good thing , too , or it will be even big and I will still be polish it , " say Ron ) . however , they do find Riddle 's name on an old Medal for Magical Merit , and on a list of old Head Boys . " he sound like Percy , " say Ron , wrinkle his nose in disgust . " prefect , Head Boy ... probably top of every class -- " " you say that like it be a bad thing , " say Hermione in a slightly hurt voice . the sun have now begin to shine weakly on Hogwarts again . inside the castle , the mood have grow more hopeful . there have be no more attack since those on Justin and nearly Headless Nick , and Madam Pomfrey be please to report that the Mandrakes be become moody and secretive , mean that they be fast leave childhood . " the moment their acne clear up , they will be ready for repot again , " Harry hear her tell Filch kindly one afternoon . " and after that , it wo n't be long until we be cut them up and stew them . you will have Mrs. Norris back in no time . " perhaps the Heir of Slytherin have lose his or her nerve , think Harry . it must be get risky and risky to open the Chamber of Secrets , with the school so alert and suspicious . perhaps the monster , whatever it be , be even now settle itself down to hibernate for another fifty year . ... Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff do n't take this cheerful view . he be still convince that Harry be the guilty one , that he have " give himself away " at the Dueling Club . peeve be n't help matter ; he keep pop up in the crowded corridor sing " oh , Potter , you rotter ... " now with a dance routine to match . Gilderoy Lockhart seem to think he himself have make the attack stop . Harry overhear him tell Professor McGonagall so while the Gryffindors be line up for transfiguration . " I do n't think there will be any more trouble , Minerva , " he say , tap his nose knowingly and wink . " I think the Chamber have be lock for good this time . the culprit must have know it be only a matter of time before I catch him . rather sensible to stop now , before I come down hard on him . " you know , what the school need now be a morale-booster . Wash away the memory of last term ! I wo n't say any more just now , but I think I know just the thing . ... " he tap his nose again and stride off . Lockhart 's idea of a morale-booster become clear at breakfast time on February fourteenth . Harry have n't have much sleep because of a late-running Quidditch practice the night before , and he hurry down to the Great Hall , slightly late . he think , for a moment , that he have walk through the wrong door . the wall be all cover with large , lurid pink flower . worse still , heart-shaped confetti be fall from the pale blue ceiling . Harry go over to the Gryffindor table , where Ron be sit look sicken , and Hermione seem to have be overcome with giggle . " what be go on ? " Harry ask them , sit down and wipe confetti off his bacon . Ron point to the teacher ' table , apparently too disgust to speak . Lockhart , wear lurid pink robe to match the decoration , be wave for silence . the teacher on either side of him be look stony-faced . from where he sit , Harry could see a muscle go in Professor McGonagall 's cheek . Snape look as though someone have just feed him a large beaker of Skele-Gro . " Happy Valentine 's day ! " Lockhart shout . " and may I thank the forty-six people who have so far send me card ! yes , I have take the liberty of arrange this little surprise for you all -- and it do n't end here ! " Lockhart clap his hand and through the door to the entrance hall march a dozen surly-looking dwarf . not just any dwarf , however . Lockhart have them all wear golden wing and carry harp . " my friendly , card-carrying cupids ! " beam Lockhart . " they will be rove around the school today deliver your valentine ! and the fun do n't stop here ! I be sure my colleague will want to enter into the spirit of the occasion ! why not ask Professor Snape to show you how to whip up a Love Potion ! and while you be at it , Professor Flitwick know more about Entrancing enchantment than any wizard I have ever meet , the sly old dog ! " Professor Flitwick bury his face in his hand . Snape be look as though the first person to ask him for a Love Potion would be force-feed poison . " please , Hermione , tell me you be n't one of the forty-six , " say Ron as they leave the Great Hall for their first lesson . Hermione suddenly become very interested in search her bag for her schedule and do n't answer . all day long , the dwarf keep barge into their class to deliver valentine , to the annoyance of the teacher , and late that afternoon as the Gryffindors be walk upstairs for Charms , one of the dwarf catch up with Harry . " Oy , you ! ' Arry Potter ! " shout a particularly grim-looking dwarf , elbow people out of the way to get to Harry . Hot all over at the thought of be give a valentine in front of a line of first year , which happen to include Ginny Weasley , Harry try to escape . the dwarf , however , cut his way through the crowd by kick people 's shin , and reach him before he have go two pace . " I have get a musical message to deliver to ' Arry Potter in person , " he say , twang his harp in a threatening sort of way . " not here , " Harry hiss , try to escape . " stay still ! " grunt the dwarf , grab hold of Harry 's bag and pull him back . " let me go ! " Harry snarl , tug . with a loud ripping noise , his bag split in two . his book , wand , parchment , and quill spill onto the floor and his ink bottle smash over everything . Harry scramble around , try to pick it all up before the dwarf start singing , cause something of a holdup in the corridor . " what be go on here ? " come the cold , drawl voice of Draco Malfoy . Harry start stuff everything feverishly into his rip bag , desperate to get away before Malfoy could hear his musical valentine . " what be all this commotion ? " say another familiar voice as Percy Weasley arrive . lose his head , Harry try to make a run for it , but the dwarf seize him around the knee and bring him crash to the floor . " right , " he say , sit on Harry 's ankle . " here be your singing valentine : his eye be as green as a fresh pickled toad , his hair be as dark as a blackboard . I wish he be mine , he be really divine , the hero who conquer the Dark Lord . " Harry would have give all the gold in Gringotts to evaporate on the spot . try valiantly to laugh along with everyone else , he get up , his foot numb from the weight of the dwarf , as Percy Weasley do his good to disperse the crowd , some of whom be cry with mirth . " off you go , off you go , the bell ring five minute ago , off to class , now , " he say , shoo some of the young student away . " and you , Malfoy -- " Harry , glance over , see Malfoy stoop and snatch up something . leer , he show it to Crabbe and Goyle , and Harry realize that he will got Riddle 's diary . " give that back , " say Harry quietly . " wonder what Potter be write in this ? " say Malfoy , who obviously have n't notice the year on the cover and think he have Harry 's own diary . a hush fall over the onlooker . Ginny be stare from the diary to Harry , look terrify . " hand it over , Malfoy , " say Percy sternly . " when I have have a look , " say Malfoy , wave the diary tauntingly at Harry . Percy say , " as a school prefect -- " but Harry have lose his temper . he pull out his wand and shout , " Expelliarmus ! " and just as Snape have disarm Lockhart , so Malfoy find the diary shoot out of his hand into the air . Ron , grin broadly , catch it . " Harry ! " say Percy loudly . " no magic in the corridor . I will have to report this , you know ! " but Harry do n't care , he be one-up on Malfoy , and that be worth five point from Gryffindor any day . Malfoy be look furious , and as Ginny pass him to enter her classroom , he yell spitefully after her , " I do n't think Potter like your valentine much ! " Ginny cover her face with her hand and run into class . snarl , Ron pull out his wand , too , but Harry pull him away . Ron do n't need to spend the whole of Charms belch slug . it be n't until they have reach Professor Flitwick 's class that Harry notice something rather odd about Riddle 's diary . all his other book be drench in scarlet ink . the diary , however , be as clean as it have be before the ink bottle have smash all over it . he try to point this out to Ron , but Ron be have trouble with his wand again ; large purple bubble be blossom out of the end , and he be n't much interested in anything else . * * * Harry go to bed before anyone else in his dormitory that night . this be partly because he do n't think he could stand Fred and George singing , " his eye be as green as a fresh pickled toad " one more time , and partly because he want to examine Riddle 's diary again , and know that Ron think he be waste his time . Harry sit on his four-poster and flick through the blank page , not one of which have a trace of scarlet ink on it . then he pull a new bottle out of his bedside cabinet , dip his quill into it , and drop a blot onto the first page of the diary . the ink shine brightly on the paper for a second and then , as though it be be suck into the page , vanish . excited , Harry load up his quill a second time and write , " my name be Harry Potter . " the word shine momentarily on the page and they , too , sink without trace . then , at last , something happen . ooze back out of the page , in his very own ink , come word Harry have never write . " hello , Harry Potter . my name be Tom Riddle . how do you come by my diary ? " these word , too , fade away , but not before Harry have start to scribble back . " someone try to flush it down a toilet . " he wait eagerly for Riddle 's reply . " lucky that I record my memory in some more lasting way than ink . but I always know that there would be those who would not want this diary read . " " what do you mean ? " Harry scrawl , blot the page in his excitement . " I mean that this diary hold memory of terrible thing . thing that be cover up . thing that happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . " " that be where I be now , " Harry write quickly . " I be at Hogwarts , and horrible stuff have be happen . do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets ? " his heart be hammer . Riddle 's reply come quickly , his writing become untidy , as though he be hurry to tell all he know . " of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets . in my day , they tell us it be a legend , that it do not exist . but this be a lie . in my fifth year , the Chamber be open and the monster attack several student , finally kill one . I catch the person who have open the Chamber and he be expel . but the headmaster , Professor Dippet , ashamed that such a thing have happen at Hogwarts , forbid me to tell the truth . a story be give out that the girl have die in a freak accident . they give me a nice , shiny , engrave trophy for my trouble and warn me to keep my mouth shut . but I know it could happen again . the monster live on , and the one who have the power to release it be not imprison . " Harry nearly upset his ink bottle in his hurry to write back . " it be happen again now . there have be three attack and no one seem to know who be behind them . who be it last time ? " " I can show you , if you like , " come Riddle 's reply . " you do n't have to take my word for it . I can take you inside my memory of the night when I catch him . " Harry hesitate , his quill suspend over the diary . what do Riddle mean ? how could he be take inside somebody else 's memory ? he glance nervously at the door to the dormitory , which be grow dark . when he look back at the diary , he see fresh word form . " let me show you . " Harry pause for a fraction of a second and then write two letter . " OK . " the page of the diary begin to blow as though catch in a high wind , stop halfway through the month of June . mouth hang open , Harry see that the little square for June thirteenth seem to have turn into a minuscule television screen . his hand tremble slightly , he raise the book to press his eye against the little window , and before he know what be happen , he be tilt forward ; the window be widen , he feel his body leave his bed , and he be pitch headfirst through the opening in the page , into a whirl of color and shadow . he feel his foot hit solid ground , and stand , shake , as the blur shape around him come suddenly into focus . he know immediately where he be . this circular room with the sleeping portrait be Dumbledore 's office -- but it be n't Dumbledore who be sit behind the desk . a wizened , frail-looking wizard , bald except for a few wisp of white hair , be read a letter by candlelight . Harry have never see this man before . " I be sorry , " he say shakily . " I do n't mean to butt in -- " but the wizard do n't look up . he continue to read , frown slightly . Harry draw near to his desk and stammer , " er -- I will just go , shall I ? " still the wizard ignore him . he do n't seem even to have hear him . think that the wizard might be deaf , Harry raise his voice . " sorry I disturb you . I will go now , " he half-shouted . the wizard fold up the letter with a sigh , stand up , walk past Harry without glance at him , and go to draw the curtain at his window . the sky outside the window be ruby-red ; it seem to be sunset . the wizard go back to the desk , sit down , and twiddle his thumb , watch the door . Harry look around the office . no Fawkes the phoenix -- no whir silver contraption . this be Hogwarts as Riddle have know it , mean that this unknown wizard be headmaster , not Dumbledore , and he , Harry , be little more than a phantom , completely invisible to the people of fifty year ago . there be a knock on the office door . " enter , " say the old wizard in a feeble voice . a boy of about sixteen enter , take off his pointed hat . a silver prefect 's badge be glint on his chest . he be much tall than Harry , but he , too , have jet-black hair . " ah , Riddle , " say the headmaster . " you want to see me , Professor Dippet ? " say Riddle . he look nervous . " sit down , " say Dippet . " I have just be read the letter you send me . " " oh , " say Riddle . he sit down , grip his hand together very tightly . " my dear boy , " say Dippet kindly , " I can possibly let you stay at school over the summer . surely you want to go home for the holiday ? " " no , " say Riddle at once . " I will much rather stay at Hogwarts than go back to that -- to that -- " " you live in a Muggle orphanage during the holiday , I believe ? " say Dippet curiously . " yes , sir , " say Riddle , redden slightly . " you be Muggle-born ? " " half-blood , sir , " say Riddle . " Muggle father , witch mother . " " and be both your parent -- ? " " my mother die just after I be bear , sir . they tell me at the orphanage she live just long enough to name me -- Tom after my father , Marvolo after my grandfather . " Dippet cluck his tongue sympathetically . " the thing be , Tom , " he sigh , " special arrangement might have be make for you , but in the current circumstance . ... " " you mean all these attack , sir ? " say Riddle , and Harry 's heart leap , and he move closer , scare of miss anything . " precisely , " say the headmaster . " my dear boy , you must see how foolish it would be of me to allow you to remain at the castle when term end . particularly in light of the recent tragedy ... the death of that poor little girl . ... you will be safe by far at your orphanage . as a matter of fact , the Ministry of Magic be even now talk about close the school . we be no near locate the -- er -- source of all this unpleasantness . ... " Riddle 's eye have widen . " Sir -- if the person be catch -- if it all stop -- " " what do you mean ? " say Dippet with a squeak in his voice , sit up in his chair . " riddle , do you mean you know something about these attack ? " " no , sir , " say Riddle quickly . but Harry be sure it be the same sort of " no " that he himself have give Dumbledore . Dippet sink back , look faintly disappointed . " you may go , Tom . ... " Riddle slide off his chair and slouch out of the room . Harry follow him . down the move spiral staircase they go , emerge next to the gargoyle in the darken corridor . riddle stop , and so do Harry , watch him . Harry could tell that Riddle be do some serious thinking . he be bite his lip , his forehead furrow . then , as though he have suddenly reach a decision , he hurry off , Harry glide noiselessly behind him . they do n't see another person until they reach the entrance hall , when a tall wizard with long , sweeping auburn hair and a beard call to Riddle from the marble staircase . " what be you do , wander around this late , Tom ? " Harry gape at the wizard . he be none other than a fifty-year-younger Dumbledore . " I have to see the headmaster , sir , " say Riddle . " well , hurry off to bed , " say Dumbledore , give Riddle exactly the kind of penetrating stare Harry know so well . " good not to roam the corridor these day . not since ... " he sigh heavily , bid Riddle good night , and stride off . Riddle watch him walk out of sight and then , move quickly , head straight down the stone step to the dungeon , with Harry in hot pursuit . but to Harry 's disappointment , Riddle lead him not into a hidden passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which Harry have potion with Snape . the torch have n't be light , and when Riddle push the door almost close , Harry could only just see him , stand stock-still by the door , watch the passage outside . it feel to Harry that they be there for at least an hour . all he could see be the figure of Riddle at the door , stare through the crack , wait like a statue . and just when Harry have stop feel expectant and tense and start wish he could return to the present , he hear something move beyond the door . someone be creep along the passage . he hear whoever it be pass the dungeon where he and Riddle be hide . riddle , quiet as a shadow , edge through the door and follow , Harry tiptoe behind him , forget that he could n't be hear . for perhaps five minute they follow the footstep , until Riddle stop suddenly , his head incline in the direction of new noise . Harry hear a door creak open , and then someone speak in a hoarse whisper . " C'mon ... gotta get yeh outta here . ... C'mon now ... in the box ... " there be something familiar about that voice . ... Riddle suddenly jump around the corner . Harry step out behind him . he could see the dark outline of a huge boy who be crouch in front of an open door , a very large box next to it . " ' Evening , Rubeus , " say Riddle sharply . the boy slam the door shut and stand up . " what yer doin ' down here , Tom ? " riddle step closer . " it be all over , " he say . " I be go to have to turn you in , Rubeus . they be talk about close Hogwarts if the attack do n't stop . " " what d'yeh -- " " I do n't think you mean to kill anyone . but monster do n't make good pet . I suppose you just let it out for exercise and -- " " it never kill no one ! " say the large boy , back against the closed door . from behind him , Harry could hear a funny rustle and click . " come on , Rubeus , " say Riddle , move yet closer . " the dead girl 's parent will be here tomorrow . the least Hogwarts can do be make sure that the thing that kill their daughter be slaughter . ... " " it be n't him ! " roar the boy , his voice echo in the dark passage . " he wouldn ' ! he never ! " " stand aside , " say Riddle , draw out his wand . his spell light the corridor with a sudden flaming light . the door behind the large boy fly open with such force it knock him into the wall opposite . and out of it come something that make Harry let out a long , piercing scream unheard by anyone - a vast , low-sling , hairy body and a tangle of black leg ; a gleam of many eye and a pair of razor-sharp pincers -- Riddle raise his wand again , but he be too late . the thing bowl him over as it scuttle away , tear up the corridor and out of sight . riddle scramble to his foot , look after it ; he raise his wand , but the huge boy leap on him , seize his wand , and throw him back down , yell , " NOOOOOOO ! " the scene whirl , the darkness become complete ; Harry feel himself fall and , with a crash , he land spread-eagle on his four-poster in the Gryffindor dormitory , Riddle 's diary lie open on his stomach . before he have have time to regain his breath , the dormitory door open and Ron come in . " there you be , " he say . Harry sit up . he be sweat and shake . " what be up ? " say Ron , look at him with concern . " it be Hagrid , Ron . Hagrid open the Chamber of Secrets fifty year ago . " Cornelius Fudge Harry , Ron , and Hermione have always know that Hagrid have an unfortunate liking for large and monstrous creature . during their first year at Hogwarts he have try to raise a dragon in his little wooden house , and it would be a long time before they forget the giant , three-headed dog he have christen " Fluffy . " and if , as a boy , Hagrid have hear that a monster be hide somewhere in the castle , Harry be sure he will have go to any length for a glimpse of it . he will probably think it be a shame that the monster have be coop up so long , and think it deserve the chance to stretch its many leg ; Harry could just imagine the thirteen-year-old Hagrid try to fit a leash and collar on it . but he be equally certain that Hagrid would never have mean to kill anybody . Harry half wish he have n't find out how to work Riddle 's diary . again and again Ron and Hermione make him recount what he have see , until he be heartily sick of tell them and sick of the long , circular conversation that follow . " riddle might have get the wrong person , " say Hermione . " maybe it be some other monster that be attack people . ... " " how many monster d'you think this place can hold ? " Ron ask dully . " we always know Hagrid have be expel , " say Harry miserably . " and the attack must have stop after Hagrid be kick out . otherwise , Riddle would n't have get his award . " Ron try a different tack . " riddle do sound like Percy -- who ask him to squeal on Hagrid , anyway ? " " but the monster have kill someone , Ron , " say Hermione . " and Riddle be go to go back to some Muggle orphanage if they close Hogwarts , " say Harry . " I do n't blame him for want to stay here . ... " " you meet Hagrid down Knockturn Alley , do n't you , Harry ? " " he be buy a Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent , " say Harry quickly . the three of them fall silent . after a long pause , Hermione voice the knotty question of all in a hesitant voice . " do you think we should go and ask Hagrid about it all ? " " that will be a cheerful visit , " say Ron . " ' hello , Hagrid . tell us , have you be set anything mad and hairy loose in the castle lately ? ' " in the end , they decide that they would not say anything to Hagrid unless there be another attack , and as more and more day go by with no whisper from the disembodied voice , they become hopeful that they would never need to talk to him about why he have be expel . it be now nearly four month since Justin and nearly Headless Nick have be Petrified , and nearly everybody seem to think that the attacker , whoever it be , have retire for good . peeve have finally get bored of his " oh , Potter , you rotter " song , Ernie Macmillan ask Harry quite politely to pass a bucket of leap toadstool in Herbology one day , and in March several of the Mandrakes throw a loud and raucous party in greenhouse three . this make Professor Sprout very happy . " the moment they start try to move into each other 's pot , we will know they be fully mature , " she tell Harry . " then we will be able to revive those poor people in the hospital wing . " the second year be give something new to think about during their Easter holiday . the time have come to choose their subject for the third year , a matter that Hermione , at least , take very seriously . " it could affect our whole future , " she tell Harry and Ron as they pore over list of new subject , mark them with check . " I just want to give up potion , " say Harry . " we ca n't , " say Ron gloomily . " we keep all our old subject , or I will have ditch defense against the dark art . " " but that be very important ! " say Hermione , shock . " not the way Lockhart teach it , " say Ron . " I have n't learn anything from him except not to set pixie loose . " Neville Longbottom have be send letter from all the witch and wizard in his family , all give him different advice on what to choose . confuse and worry , he sit read the subject list with his tongue poke out , ask people whether they think Arithmancy sound more difficult than the study of Ancient Runes . Dean Thomas , who , like Harry , have grow up with Muggles , end up close his eye and jab his wand at the list , then pick the subject it land on . Hermione take nobody 's advice but sign up for everything . Harry smile grimly to himself at the thought of what Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia would say if he try to discuss his career in wizardry with them . not that he do n't get any guidance : Percy Weasley be eager to share his experience . " depend where you want to go , Harry , " he say . " it be never too early to think about the future , so I will recommend divination . people say Muggle Studies be a soft option , but I personally think wizard should have a thorough understanding of the non-magical community , particularly if they be think of work in close contact with them -- look at my father , he have to deal with Muggle business all the time . my brother Charlie be always more of an outdoor type , so he go for Care of Magical Creatures . play to your strength , Harry . " but the only thing Harry feel he be really good at be Quidditch . in the end , he choose the same new subject as Ron , feel that if he be lousy at them , at least he will have someone friendly to help him . Gryffindor 's next Quidditch match would be against Hufflepuff . Wood be insist on team practice every night after dinner , so that Harry barely have time for anything but Quidditch and homework . however , the training session be get good , or at least drier , and the evening before Saturday 's match he go up to his dormitory to drop off his broomstick feel Gryffindor 's chance for the Quidditch Cup have never be good . but his cheerful mood do n't last long . at the top of the stair to the dormitory , he meet Neville Longbottom , who be look frantic . " Harry -- I do n't know who do it -- I just find -- " Watching Harry fearfully , Neville push open the door . the content of Harry 's trunk have be throw everywhere . his cloak lie rip on the floor . the bedclothes have be pull off his four-poster and the drawer have be pull out of his bedside cabinet , the content strew over the mattress . Harry walk over to the bed , openmouthed , tread on a few loose page of Travels with Trolls . as he and Neville pull the blanket back onto his bed , Ron , Dean , and Seamus come in . Dean swear loudly . " what happen , Harry ? " " no idea , " say Harry . but Ron be examine Harry 's robe . all the pocket be hang out . " someone have be look for something , " say Ron . " be there anything miss ? " Harry start to pick up all his thing and throw them into his trunk . it be only as he throw the last of the Lockhart book back into it that he realize what be n't there . " Riddle 's diary be go , " he say in an undertone to Ron . " what ? " Harry jerk his head toward the dormitory door and Ron follow him out . they hurry down to the Gryffindor common room , which be half-empty , and join Hermione , who be sit alone , read a book call Ancient Runes Made Easy . Hermione look aghast at the news . " but -- only a Gryffindor could have steal -- nobody else know our password -- " " exactly , " say Harry . they wake the next day to brilliant sunshine and a light , refresh breeze . " Perfect Quidditch condition ! " say Wood enthusiastically at the Gryffindor table , load the team 's plate with scrambled egg . " Harry , buck up there , you need a decent breakfast . " Harry have be stare down the packed Gryffindor table , wonder if the new owner of Riddle 's diary be right in front of his eye . Hermione have be urge him to report the robbery , but Harry do n't like the idea . he will have to tell a teacher all about the diary , and how many people know why Hagrid have be expel fifty year ago ? he do n't want to be the one who bring it all up again . as he leave the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione to go and collect his Quidditch thing , another very serious worry be add to Harry 's grow list . he have just set foot on the marble staircase when he hear it yet again - " Kill this time ... let me rip ... tear ... " he shout aloud and Ron and Hermione both jump away from him in alarm . " the voice ! " say Harry , look over his shoulder . " I just hear it again -- do n't you ? " Ron shake his head , wide-eyed . Hermione , however , clap a hand to her forehead . " Harry -- I think I have just understand something ! I have get to go to the library ! " and she sprint away , up the stair . " what do she understand ? " say Harry distractedly , still look around , try to tell where the voice have come from . " load more than I do , " say Ron , shake his head . " but why be she get to go to the library ? " " because that be what Hermione do , " say Ron , shrug . " when in doubt , go to the library . " Harry stand , irresolute , try to catch the voice again , but people be now emerge from the Great Hall behind him , talk loudly , exit through the front door on their way to the Quidditch pitch . " you will well get move , " say Ron . " it be nearly eleven -- the match -- " Harry race up to Gryffindor Tower , collect his Nimbus Two Thousand , and join the large crowd swarm across the ground , but his mind be still in the castle along with the bodiless voice , and as he pull on his scarlet robe in the locker room , his only comfort be that everyone be now outside to watch the game . the team walk onto the field to tumultuous applause . Oliver Wood take off for a warm-up flight around the goal post ; Madam Hooch release the ball . the Hufflepuffs , who play in canary yellow , be stand in a huddle , have a last-minute discussion of tactic . Harry be just mount his broom when Professor McGonagall come half march , half run across the pitch , carry an enormous purple megaphone . Harry 's heart drop like a stone . " this match have be cancel , " Professor McGonagall call through the megaphone , address the packed stadium . there be boo and shout . Oliver Wood , look devastated , land and run toward Professor McGonagall without get off his broomstick . " but , Professor ! " he shout . " we have get to play -- the Cup -- Gryffindor -- " Professor McGonagall ignore him and continue to shout through her megaphone : " all student be to make their way back to the House common room , where their Heads of Houses will give them further information . as quickly as you can , please ! " then she lower the megaphone and beckon Harry over to her . " Potter , I think you will well come with me . ... " Wondering how she could possibly suspect him this time , Harry see Ron detach himself from the complain crowd ; he come run up to them as they set off toward the castle . to Harry 's surprise , Professor McGonagall do n't object . " yes , perhaps you will well come , too , Weasley . ... " some of the student swarm around them be grumble about the match be cancel ; other look worried . Harry and Ron follow Professor McGonagall back into the school and up the marble staircase . but they be n't take to anybody 's office this time . " this will be a bit of a shock , " say Professor McGonagall in a surprisingly gentle voice as they approach the infirmary . " there have be another attack ... another double attack . " Harry 's inside do a horrible somersault . Professor McGonagall push the door open and he and Ron enter . madam Pomfrey be bend over a sixth-year girl with long , curly hair . Harry recognize her as the Ravenclaw they have accidentally ask for direction to the Slytherin common room . and on the bed next to her be - " Hermione ! " Ron groan . Hermione lie utterly still , her eye open and glassy . " they be find near the library , " say Professor McGonagall . " I do n't suppose either of you can explain this ? it be on the floor next to them . ... " she be hold up a small , circular mirror . Harry and Ron shake their head , both stare at Hermione . " I will escort you back to Gryffindor Tower , " say Professor McGonagall heavily . " I need to address the student in any case . " " all student will return to their House common room by six o'clock in the evening . no student be to leave the dormitory after that time . you will be escort to each lesson by a teacher . no student be to use the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher . all further Quidditch training and match be to be postpone . there will be no more evening activity . " the Gryffindors pack inside the common room listen to Professor McGonagall in silence . she roll up the parchment from which she have be read and say in a somewhat choke voice , " I need hardly add that I have rarely be so distressed . it be likely that the school will be close unless the culprit behind these attack be catch . I would urge anyone who think they might know anything about them to come forward . " she climb somewhat awkwardly out of the portrait hole , and the Gryffindors begin talk immediately . " that be two Gryffindors down , not count a Gryffindor ghost , one Ravenclaw , and one Hufflepuff , " say the Weasley twin ' friend Lee Jordan , count on his finger . " have n't any of the teacher notice that the Slytherins be all safe ? be n't it obvious all this stuff be come from Slytherin ? the Heir of Slytherin , the monster of Slytherin -- why do n't they just chuck all the Slytherins out ? " he roar , to nod and scattered applause . Percy Weasley be sit in a chair behind Lee , but for once he do n't seem keen to make his view hear . he be look pale and stun . " Percy 's in shock , " George tell Harry quietly . " that Ravenclaw girl -- Penelope Clearwater -- she be a prefect . I do n't think he think the monster would dare attack a prefect . " but Harry be only half-listening . he do n't seem to be able to get rid of the picture of Hermione , lie on the hospital bed as though carve out of stone . and if the culprit be n't catch soon , he be look at a lifetime back with the Dursley . Tom Riddle have turn Hagrid in because he be face with the prospect of a Muggle orphanage if the school close . Harry now know exactly how he have feel . " what be we go to do ? " say Ron quietly in Harry 's ear . " D'you think they suspect Hagrid ? " " we have get to go and talk to him , " say Harry , make up his mind . " I ca n't believe it be him this time , but if he set the monster loose last time he will know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets , and that be a start . " " but McGonagall say we have get to stay in our tower unless we be in class -- " " I think , " say Harry , more quietly still , " it be time to get my dad 's old cloak out again . " Harry have inherit just one thing from his father : a long and silvery Invisibility Cloak . it be their only chance of sneak out of the school to visit Hagrid without anyone know about it . they go to bed at the usual time , wait until Neville , Dean , and Seamus have stop discuss the Chamber of Secrets and finally fall asleep , then get up , dress again , and throw the cloak over themselves . the journey through the dark and desert castle corridor be n't enjoyable . Harry , who have wander the castle at night several time before , have never see it so crowd after sunset . teacher , prefect , and ghost be march the corridor in pair , stare around for any unusual activity . their Invisibility Cloak do n't stop them make any noise , and there be a particularly tense moment when Ron stub his toe only yard from the spot where Snape stand stand guard . thankfully , Snape sneeze at almost exactly the moment Ron swear . it be with relief that they reach the oak front door and ease them open . it be a clear , starry night . they hurry toward the light window of Hagrid 's house and pull off the cloak only when they be right outside his front door . second after they have knock , Hagrid fling it open . they find themselves face-to-face with him aim a crossbow at them . Fang the boarhound bark loudly behind him . " oh , " he say , lower the weapon and stare at them . " what be you two doin ' here ? " " what be that for ? " say Harry , point at the crossbow as they step inside . " Nothin ' -- nothin ' -- " Hagrid mutter . " I have bin expectin ' -- doesn ' matter -- sit down -- I will make tea -- " he hardly seem to know what he be do . he nearly extinguish the fire , spill water from the kettle on it , and then smash the teapot with a nervous jerk of his massive hand . " be you okay , Hagrid ? " say Harry . " do you hear about Hermione ? " " oh , I hear , all righ ' , " say Hagrid , a slight break in his voice . he keep glance nervously at the window . he pour them both large mug of boil water ( he have forget to add tea bag ) and be just put a slab of fruitcake on a plate when there be a loud knock on the door . Hagrid drop the fruitcake . Harry and Ron exchange panic-stricken look , then throw the Invisibility Cloak back over themselves and retreat into a corner . Hagrid check that they be hide , seize his crossbow , and fling open his door once more . " good evening , Hagrid . " it be Dumbledore . he enter , look deadly serious , and be follow by a second , very odd-looking man . the stranger have rumple gray hair and an anxious expression , and be wear a strange mixture of clothes : a pinstriped suit , a scarlet tie , a long black cloak , and point purple boot . under his arm he carry a lime-green bowler . " that be Dad 's boss ! " Ron breathe . " Cornelius Fudge , the Minister of Magic ! " Harry elbow Ron hard to make him shut up . Hagrid have go pale and sweaty . he drop into one of his chair and look from Dumbledore to Cornelius Fudge . " bad business , Hagrid , " say Fudge in rather clip tone . " very bad business . have to come . four attack on Muggle-borns . thing have go far enough . Ministry be get to act . " " I never , " say Hagrid , look imploringly at Dumbledore . " you know I never , Professor Dumbledore , sir -- " " I want it understand , Cornelius , that Hagrid have my full confidence , " say Dumbledore , frown at Fudge . " look , Albus , " say Fudge , uncomfortably . " Hagrid 's record be against him . Ministry be get to do something -- the school governor have be in touch -- " " yet again , Cornelius , I tell you that take Hagrid away will not help in the slight , " say Dumbledore . his blue eye be full of a fire Harry have never see before . " look at it from my point of view , " say Fudge , fidget with his bowler . " I be under a lot of pressure . get to be see to be do something . if it turn out it be n't Hagrid , he will be back and no more say . but I have get to take him . get to . would n't be do my duty -- " " take me ? " say Hagrid , who be tremble . " take me where ? " " for a short stretch only , " say Fudge , not meet Hagrid 's eye . " not a punishment , Hagrid , more a precaution . if someone else be catch , you will be let out with a full apology -- " " not Azkaban ? " croak Hagrid . before Fudge could answer , there be another loud rap on the door . Dumbledore answer it . it be Harry 's turn for an elbow in the rib ; he will let out an audible gasp . Mr. Lucius Malfoy stride into Hagrid 's hut , swathe in a long black travel cloak , smile a cold and satisfied smile . Fang start to growl . " already here , Fudge , " he say approvingly . " good , good ... " " what be you doin ' here ? " say Hagrid furiously . " get outta my house ! " " my dear man , please believe me , I have no pleasure at all in be inside your -- er -- d'you call this a house ? " say Lucius Malfoy , sneer as he look around the small cabin . " I simply call at the school and be tell that the headmaster be here . " " and what exactly do you want with me , Lucius ? " say Dumbledore . he speak politely , but the fire be still blaze in his blue eye . " dreadful thing , Dumbledore , " say Malfoy lazily , take out a long roll of parchment , " but the governor feel it be time for you to step aside . this be an order of Suspension -- you will find all twelve signature on it . I be afraid we feel you be lose your touch . how many attack have there be now ? two more this afternoon , be n't it ? at this rate , there will be no Muggle-borns leave at Hogwarts , and we all know what an awful loss that would be to the school . " " oh , now , see here , Lucius , " say Fudge , look alarmed , " Dumbledore suspend -- no , no -- last thing we want just now -- " " the appointment -- or suspension -- of the headmaster be a matter for the governor , Fudge , " say Mr. Malfoy smoothly . " and as Dumbledore have fail to stop these attack -- " " see here , Malfoy , if Dumbledore ca n't stop them , " say Fudge , whose upper lip be sweat now , " I mean to say , who can ? " " that remain to be see , " say Mr. Malfoy with a nasty smile . " but as all twelve of us have vote -- " Hagrid leap to his foot , his shaggy black head graze the ceiling . " an ' how many do yeh have ter threaten an ' blackmail before they agree , Malfoy , eh ? " he roar . " dear , dear , you know , that temper of yours will lead you into trouble one of these day , Hagrid , " say Mr. Malfoy . " I would advise you not to shout at the Azkaban guard like that . they wo n't like it at all . " " Yeh can ' take Dumbledore ! " yell Hagrid , make Fang the boarhound cower and whimper in his basket . " take him away , an ' the Muggle-borns won ' stand a chance ! there will be Killin ' next ! " " calm yourself , Hagrid , " say Dumbledore sharply . he look at Lucius Malfoy . " if the governor want my removal , Lucius , I shall of course step aside -- " " but -- " stutter Fudge . " no ! " growl Hagrid . Dumbledore have not take his bright blue eye off Lucius Malfoy 's cold gray one . " however , " say Dumbledore , speak very slowly and clearly so that none of them could miss a word , " you will find that I will only truly have leave this school when none here be loyal to me . you will also find that help will always be give at Hogwarts to those who ask for it . " for a second , Harry be almost sure Dumbledore 's eye flicker toward the corner where he and Ron stand hidden . " admirable sentiment , " say Malfoy , bowing . " we shall all miss your -- er -- highly individual way of run thing , Albus , and only hope that your successor will manage to prevent any -- ah -- killins . " he stride to the cabin door , open it , and bow Dumbledore out . fudge , fiddle with his bowler , wait for Hagrid to go ahead of him , but Hagrid stand his ground , take a deep breath , and say carefully , " if anyone want ter find out some stuff , all they will have ter do would be ter follow the spider . that will lead ' em right ! that be all I be sayin ' . " Fudge stare at him in amazement . " all right , I be comin ' , " say Hagrid , pull on his moleskin overcoat . but as he be about to follow Fudge through the door , he stop again and say loudly , " An ' someone will need ter feed Fang while I be away . " the door bang shut and Ron pull off the Invisibility Cloak . " we be in trouble now , " he say hoarsely . " no Dumbledore . they might as well close the school tonight . there will be an attack a day with him go . " Fang start howl , scratch at the closed door . Aragog Summer be creep over the ground around the castle ; sky and lake alike turn periwinkle blue and flower large as cabbage burst into bloom in the greenhouse . but with no Hagrid visible from the castle window , stride the ground with Fang at his heel , the scene do n't look right to Harry ; no good , in fact , than the inside of the castle , where thing be so horribly wrong . Harry and Ron have try to visit Hermione , but visitor be now bar from the hospital wing . " we be take no more chance , " Madam Pomfrey tell them severely through a crack in the infirmary door . " no , I be sorry , there be every chance the attacker might come back to finish these people off . ... " with Dumbledore go , fear have spread as never before , so that the sun warm the castle wall outside seem to stop at the mullioned window . there be barely a face to be see in the school that do n't look worried and tense , and any laughter that ring through the corridor sound shrill and unnatural and be quickly stifle . Harry constantly repeat Dumbledore 's final word to himself . " I will only truly have leave this school when none here be loyal to me . ... help will always be give at Hogwarts to those who ask for it . " but what good be these word ? who exactly be they suppose to ask for help , when everyone be just as confuse and scare as they be ? Hagrid 's hint about the spider be far easy to understand -- the trouble be , there do n't seem to be a single spider leave in the castle to follow . Harry look everywhere he go , helped ( rather reluctantly ) by Ron . they be hamper , of course , by the fact that they be n't allow to wander off on their own but have to move around the castle in a pack with the other Gryffindors . most of their fellow student seem glad that they be be shepherd from class to class by teacher , but Harry find it very irksome . one person , however , seem to be thoroughly enjoy the atmosphere of terror and suspicion . Draco Malfoy be strut around the school as though he have just be appoint Head Boy . Harry do n't realize what he be so please about until the potion lesson about two week after Dumbledore and Hagrid have leave , when , sit right behind Malfoy , Harry overhear him gloat to Crabbe and Goyle . " I always think Father might be the one who get rid of Dumbledore , " he say , not trouble to keep his voice down . " I tell you he think Dumbledore be the bad headmaster the school 's ever have . maybe we will get a decent headmaster now . someone who wo n't want the Chamber of Secrets close . McGonagall wo n't last long , she be only fill in . ... " Snape sweep past Harry , make no comment about Hermione 's empty seat and cauldron . " Sir , " say Malfoy loudly . " Sir , why do n't you apply for the headmaster 's job ? " " now , now , Malfoy , " say Snape , though he could n't suppress a thin-lipped smile . " Professor Dumbledore have only be suspend by the governor . I daresay he will be back with us soon enough . " " yeah , right , " say Malfoy , smirk . " I expect you will have Father 's vote , sir , if you want to apply for the job -- I will tell Father you be the good teacher here , sir -- " Snape smirk as he sweep off around the dungeon , fortunately not spot Seamus Finnigan , who be pretend to vomit into his cauldron . " I be quite surprise the Mudbloods have n't all pack their bag by now , " Malfoy go on . " bet you five Galleons the next one die . pity it be n't Granger -- " the bell ring at that moment , which be lucky ; at Malfoy 's last word , Ron have leap off his stool , and in the scramble to collect bag and book , his attempt to reach Malfoy go unnoticed . " let me at him , " Ron growl as Harry and Dean hang onto his arm . " I do n't care , I do n't need my wand , I be go to kill him with my bare hand -- " " Hurry up , I have get to take you all to Herbology , " bark Snape over the class 's head , and off they march , with Harry , Ron , and Dean bring up the rear , Ron still try to get loose . it be only safe to let go of him when Snape have see them out of the castle and they be make their way across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouse . the Herbology class be very subdue ; there be now two missing from their number , Justin and Hermione . Professor Sprout set them all to work prune the Abyssinian Shrivelfigs . Harry go to tip an armful of wither stalk onto the compost heap and find himself face-to-face with Ernie Macmillan . Ernie take a deep breath and say , very formally , " I just want to say , Harry , that I be sorry I ever suspect you . I know you will never attack Hermione Granger , and I apologize for all the stuff I say . we be all in the same boat now , and , well -- " he hold out a pudgy hand , and Harry shake it . Ernie and his friend Hannah come to work at the same Shrivelfig as Harry and Ron . " that Draco Malfoy character , " say Ernie , break off dead twig , " he seem very pleased about all this , do n't he ? D'you know , I think he might be Slytherin 's heir . " " that be clever of you , " say Ron , who do n't seem to have forgive Ernie as readily as Harry . " do you think it be Malfoy , Harry ? " Ernie ask . " no , " say Harry , so firmly that Ernie and Hannah stare . a second later , Harry spot something . several large spider be scuttle over the ground on the other side of the glass , move in an unnaturally straight line as though take the short route to a prearrange meeting . Harry hit Ron over the hand with his prune shear . " ouch ! what be you -- " Harry point out the spider , follow their progress with his eye screw up against the sun . " oh , yeah , " say Ron , try , and fail , to look pleased . " but we ca n't follow them now -- " Ernie and Hannah be listen curiously . Harry 's eye narrow as he focus on the spider . if they pursue their fix course , there could be no doubt about where they would end up . " look like they be head for the Forbidden Forest . ... " and Ron look even unhappy about that . at the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escort the class to their defense against the Dark Arts lesson . Harry and Ron lag behind the other so they could talk out of earshot . " we will have to use the Invisibility Cloak again , " Harry tell Ron . " we can take Fang with us . he be use to go into the forest with Hagrid , he might be some help . " " right , " say Ron , who be twirl his wand nervously in his finger . " er -- be n't there -- be n't there suppose to be werewolf in the forest ? " he add as they take their usual place at the back of Lockhart 's classroom . prefer not to answer that question , Harry say , " there be good thing in there , too . the centaur be all right , and the unicorn ... " Ron have never be into the Forbidden Forest before . Harry have enter it only once and have hope never to do so again . Lockhart bound into the room and the class stare at him . every other teacher in the place be look grim than usual , but Lockhart appear nothing short of buoyant . " come now , " he cry , beam around him . " why all these long face ? " people swap exasperate look , but nobody answer . " do n't you people realize , " say Lockhart , speak slowly , as though they be all a bit dim , " the danger have pass ! the culprit have be take away -- " " say who ? " say Dean Thomas loudly . " my dear young man , the Minister of Magic would n't have take Hagrid if he have n't be one hundred percent sure that he be guilty , " say Lockhart , in the tone of someone explain that one and one make two . " oh , yes he would , " say Ron , even more loudly than Dean . " I flatter myself I know a touch more about Hagrid 's arrest than you do , Mr. Weasley , " say Lockhart in a self-satisfied tone . Ron start to say that he do n't think so , somehow , but stop in midsentence when Harry kick him hard under the desk . " we be n't there , remember ? " Harry mutter . but Lockhart 's disgusting cheeriness , his hint that he have always think Hagrid be no good , his confidence that the whole business be now at an end , irritate Harry so much that he yearn to throw Gadding with Ghouls right in Lockhart 's stupid face . instead he content himself with scrawl a note to Ron : let be do it tonight . Ron read the message , swallow hard , and look sideways at the empty seat usually fill by Hermione . the sight seem to stiffen his resolve , and he nod . the Gryffindor common room be always very crowd these day , because from six o'clock onward the Gryffindors have nowhere else to go . they also have plenty to talk about , with the result that the common room often do n't empty until past midnight . Harry go to get the Invisibility Cloak out of his trunk right after dinner , and spend the evening sit on it , wait for the room to clear . Fred and George challenge Harry and Ron to a few game of Exploding Snap , and Ginny sit watch them , very subdue in Hermione 's usual chair . Harry and Ron keep lose on purpose , try to finish the game quickly , but even so , it be well past midnight when Fred , George , and Ginny finally go to bed . Harry and Ron wait for the distant sound of two dormitory door close before seize the cloak , throw it over themselves , and climb through the portrait hole . it be another difficult journey through the castle , dodge all the teacher . at last they reach the entrance hall , slide back the lock on the oak front door , squeeze between them , try to stop any creak , and step out into the moonlit ground . " ' Course , " say Ron abruptly as they stride across the black grass , " we might get to the forest and find there be nothing to follow . those spider might not have be go there at all . I know it look like they be move in that sort of general direction , but ... " his voice trail away hopefully . they reach Hagrid 's house , sad and sorry-looking with its blank window . when Harry push the door open , Fang go mad with joy at the sight of them . worried he might wake everyone at the castle with his deep , booming bark , they hastily feed him treacle toffee from a tin on the mantelpiece , which glue his tooth together . Harry leave the Invisibility Cloak on Hagrid 's table . there would be no need for it in the pitch-dark forest . " C'mon , Fang , we be go for a walk , " say Harry , pat his leg , and Fang bound happily out of the house behind them , dash to the edge of the forest , and lift his leg against a large sycamore tree . Harry take out his wand , murmur , " Lumos ! " and a tiny light appear at the end of it , just enough to let them watch the path for sign of spider . " good thinking , " say Ron . " I will light mine , too , but you know -- it will probably blow up or something . ... " Harry tap Ron on the shoulder , point at the grass . two solitary spider be hurry away from the wandlight into the shade of the tree . " okay , " Ron sigh as though resign to the bad , " I be ready . let be go . " so , with Fang scamper around them , sniff tree root and leaf , they enter the forest . by the glow of Harry 's wand , they follow the steady trickle of spider move along the path . they walk behind them for about twenty minute , not speak , listen hard for noise other than break twig and rustle leaf . then , when the tree have become thick than ever , so that the star overhead be no longer visible , and Harry 's wand shine alone in the sea of dark , they see their spider guide leave the path . Harry pause , try to see where the spider be go , but everything outside his little sphere of light be pitch-black . he have never be this deep into the forest before . he could vividly remember Hagrid advise him not to leave the forest path last time he have be in here . but Hagrid be mile away now , probably sit in a cell in Azkaban , and he have also say to follow the spider . something wet touch Harry 's hand and he jump backward , crush Ron 's foot , but it be only Fang 's nose . " what d'you reckon ? " Harry say to Ron , whose eye he could just make out , reflect the light from his wand . " we have come this far , " say Ron . so they follow the dart shadow of the spider into the tree . they could n't move very quickly now ; there be tree root and stump in their way , barely visible in the near blackness . Harry could feel Fang 's hot breath on his hand . more than once , they have to stop , so that Harry could crouch down and find the spider in the wandlight . they walk for what seem like at least half an hour , their robe snag on low-sling branch and bramble . after a while , they notice that the ground seem to be slope downward , though the tree be as thick as ever . then Fang suddenly let loose a great , echo bark , make both Harry and Ron jump out of their skin . " what ? " say Ron loudly , look around into the pitch-dark , and grip Harry 's elbow very hard . " there be something move over there , " Harry breathe . " listen ... sound like something big . ... " they listen . some distance to their right , the something big be snap branch as it carve a path through the tree . " oh , no , " say Ron . " oh , no , oh , no , oh -- " " Shut up , " say Harry frantically . " it will hear you . " " hear me ? " say Ron in an unnaturally high voice . " it be already hear Fang ! " the darkness seem to be press on their eyeball as they stand , terrify , wait . there be a strange rumble noise and then silence . " what d'you think it be do ? " say Harry . " probably get ready to pounce , " say Ron . they wait , shiver , hardly dare to move . " D'you think it be go ? " Harry whisper . " dunno -- " then , to their right , come a sudden blaze of light , so bright in the darkness that both of them fling up their hand to shield their eye . Fang yelp and try to run , but get lodge in a tangle of thorn and yelp even louder . " Harry ! " Ron shout , his voice breaking with relief . " Harry , it be our car ! " " what ? " " come on ! " Harry blunder after Ron toward the light , stumble and trip , and a moment later they have emerge into a clearing . Mr. Weasley 's car be stand , empty , in the middle of a circle of thick tree under a roof of dense branch , its headlight ablaze . as Ron walk , openmouthed , toward it , it move slowly toward him , exactly like a large , turquoise dog greet its owner . " it have be here all the time ! " say Ron delightedly , walk around the car . " look at it . the forest have turn it wild . ... " the side of the car be scratch and smear with mud . apparently it have take to trundle around the forest on its own . Fang do n't seem at all keen on it ; he keep close to Harry , who could feel him quiver . his breathing slow down again , Harry stuff his wand back into his robe . " and we think it be go to attack us ! " say Ron , lean against the car and pat it . " I wonder where it have go ! " Harry squint around on the floodlight ground for sign of more spider , but they have all scuttle away from the glare of the headlight . " we have lose the trail , " he say . " C'mon , let be go and find them . " Ron do n't speak . he do n't move . his eye be fix on a point some ten foot above the forest floor , right behind Harry . his face be livid with terror . Harry do n't even have time to turn around . there be a loud click noise and suddenly he feel something long and hairy seize him around the middle and lift him off the ground , so that he be hang facedown . struggling , terrify , he hear more click , and see Ron 's leg leave the ground , too , hear Fang whimper and howl -- next moment , he be be sweep away into the dark tree . head hanging , Harry see that what have hold of him be march on six immensely long , hairy leg , the front two clutch him tightly below a pair of shine black pincers . behind him , he could hear another of the creature , no doubt carry Ron . they be move into the very heart of the forest . Harry could hear Fang fight to free himself from a third monster , whine loudly , but Harry could n't have yell even if he have want to ; he seem to have leave his voice back with the car in the clearing . he never know how long he be in the creature 's clutch ; he only know that the darkness suddenly lift enough for him to see that the leaf-strewn ground be now swarm with spider . crane his neck sideways , he realize that they have reach the ridge of a vast hollow , a hollow that have be clear of tree , so that the star shine brightly onto the bad scene he have ever lay eye on . spider . not tiny spider like those surge over the leaf below . spider the size of carthorses , eight-eyed , eight-legged , black , hairy , gigantic . the massive specimen that be carry Harry make its way down the steep slope toward a misty , dome web in the very center of the hollow , while its fellow close in all around it , click their pincers excitedly at the sight of its load . Harry fall to the ground on all four as the spider release him . Ron and Fang thud down next to him . Fang be n't howl anymore , but cower silently on the spot . Ron look exactly like Harry feel . his mouth be stretch wide in a kind of silent scream and his eye be pop . Harry suddenly realize that the spider that have drop him be say something . it have be hard to tell , because he click his pincers with every word he speak . " Aragog ! " it call . " Aragog ! " and from the middle of the misty , dome web , a spider the size of a small elephant emerge , very slowly . there be gray in the black of his body and leg , and each of the eye on his ugly , pincered head be milky white . he be blind . " what be it ? " he say , click his pincers rapidly . " man , " click the spider who have catch Harry . " be it Hagrid ? " say Aragog , move close , his eight milky eye wander vaguely . " stranger , " click the spider who have bring Ron . " kill them , " click Aragog fretfully . " I be sleep . ... " " we be friend of Hagrid 's , " Harry shout . his heart seem to have leave his chest to pound in his throat . Click , click , click go the pincers of the spider all around the hollow . Aragog pause . " Hagrid have never send man into our hollow before , " he say slowly . " Hagrid 's in trouble , " say Harry , breathe very fast . " that be why we have come . " " in trouble ? " say the age spider , and Harry think he hear concern beneath the click pincers . " but why have he send you ? " Harry think of get to his foot but decide against it ; he do n't think his leg would support him . so he speak from the ground , as calmly as he could . " they think , up at the school , that Hagrid have be set a -- a -- something on student . they have take him to Azkaban . " Aragog click his pincers furiously , and all around the hollow the sound be echo by the crowd of spider ; it be like applause , except applause do n't usually make Harry feel sick with fear . " but that be year ago , " say Aragog fretfully . " year and year ago . I remember it well . that be why they make him leave the school . they believe that I be the monster that dwell in what they call the Chamber of Secrets . they think that Hagrid have open the Chamber and set me free . " " and you ... you do n't come from the Chamber of Secrets ? " say Harry , who could feel cold sweat on his forehead . " I ! " say Aragog , click angrily . " I be not bear in the castle . I come from a distant land . a traveler give me to Hagrid when I be an egg . Hagrid be only a boy , but he care for me , hide in a cupboard in the castle , feed me on scrap from the table . Hagrid be my good friend , and a good man . when I be discover , and blame for the death of a girl , he protect me . I have live here in the forest ever since , where Hagrid still visit me . he even find me a wife , Mosag , and you see how our family have grow , all through Hagrid 's goodness . ... " Harry summon what remain of his courage . " so you never -- never attack anyone ? " " never , " croak the old spider . " it would have be my instinct , but out of respect for Hagrid , I never harm a human . the body of the girl who be kill be discover in a bathroom . I never see any part of the castle but the cupboard in which I grow up . our kind like the dark and the quiet . ... " " but then ... do you know what do kill that girl ? " say Harry . " because whatever it be , it be back and attack people again -- " his word be drown by a loud outbreak of click and the rustle of many long leg shift angrily ; large black shape shift all around him . " the thing that live in the castle , " say Aragog , " be an ancient creature we spider fear above all other . well do I remember how I plead with Hagrid to let me go , when I sense the beast move about the school . " " what be it ? " say Harry urgently . more loud click , more rustle ; the spider seem to be close in . " we do not speak of it ! " say Aragog fiercely . " we do not name it ! I never even tell Hagrid the name of that dread creature , though he ask me , many time . " Harry do n't want to press the subject , not with the spider press close on all side . Aragog seem to be tire of talk . he be back slowly into his dome web , but his fellow spider continue to inch slowly toward Harry and Ron . " we will just go , then , " Harry call desperately to Aragog , hearing leaf rustle behind him . " go ? " say Aragog slowly . " I think not . ... " " but -- but -- " " my son and daughter do not harm Hagrid , on my command . but I can deny them fresh meat , when it wander so willingly into our midst . Good-bye , friend of Hagrid . " Harry spin around . foot away , towering above him , be a solid wall of spider , click , their many eye gleam in their ugly black head . even as he reach for his wand , Harry know it be no good , there be too many of them , but as he try to stand , ready to die fight , a loud , long note sound , and a blaze of light flame through the hollow . Mr. Weasley 's car be thunder down the slope , headlight glaring , its horn screech , knock spider aside ; several be throw onto their back , their endless leg wave in the air . the car screech to a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the door fly open . " get Fang ! " Harry yell , dive into the front seat ; Ron seize the boarhound around the middle and throw him , yelp , into the back of the car -- the door slam shut -- Ron do n't touch the accelerator but the car do n't need him ; the engine roar and they be off , hit more spider . they speed up the slope , out of the hollow , and they be soon crash through the forest , branch whip the window as the car wind its way cleverly through the wide gap , follow a path it obviously know . Harry look sideways at Ron . his mouth be still open in the silent scream , but his eye be n't pop anymore . " be you okay ? " Ron stare straight ahead , unable to speak . they smash their way through the undergrowth , Fang howl loudly in the back seat , and Harry see the side mirror snap off as they squeeze past a large oak . after ten noisy , rocky minute , the tree thin , and Harry could again see patch of sky . the car stop so suddenly that they be nearly throw into the windshield . they have reach the edge of the forest . Fang fling himself at the window in his anxiety to get out , and when Harry open the door , he shoot off through the tree to Hagrid 's house , tail between his leg . Harry get out too , and after a minute or so , Ron seem to regain the feeling in his limb and follow , still stiff-necked and stare . Harry give the car a grateful pat as it reverse back into the forest and disappear from view . Harry go back into Hagrid 's cabin to get the Invisibility Cloak . Fang be tremble under a blanket in his basket . when Harry get outside again , he find Ron be violently sick in the pumpkin patch . " follow the spider , " say Ron weakly , wipe his mouth on his sleeve . " I will never forgive Hagrid . we be lucky to be alive . " " I bet he think Aragog would n't hurt friend of his , " say Harry . " that be exactly Hagrid 's problem ! " say Ron , thump the wall of the cabin . " he always think monster be n't as bad as they be make out , and look where it have get him ! a cell in Azkaban ! " he be shiver uncontrollably now . " what be the point of send us in there ? what have we find out , I will like to know ? " " that Hagrid never open the Chamber of Secrets , " say Harry , throw the cloak over Ron and prod him in the arm to make him walk . " he be innocent . " Ron give a loud snort . evidently , hatch Aragog in a cupboard be n't his idea of be innocent . as the castle loom near Harry twitch the cloak to make sure their foot be hide , then push the creak front door ajar . they walk carefully back across the entrance hall and up the marble staircase , hold their breath as they pass corridor where watchful sentry be walk . at last they reach the safety of the Gryffindor common room , where the fire have burn itself into glowing ash . they take off the cloak and climb the wind stair to their dormitory . Ron fall onto his bed without bother to get undress . Harry , however , do n't feel very sleepy . he sit on the edge of his fourposter , think hard about everything Aragog have say . the creature that be lurk somewhere in the castle , he think , sound like a sort of monster Voldemort -- even other monster do n't want to name it . but he and Ron be no close to find out what it be , or how it petrify its victim . even Hagrid have never know what be in the Chamber of Secrets . Harry swing his leg up onto his bed and lean back against his pillow , watch the moon glint at him through the tower window . he could n't see what else they could do . they have hit dead end everywhere . Riddle have catch the wrong person , the Heir of Slytherin have get off , and no one could tell whether it be the same person , or a different one , who have open the Chamber this time . there be nobody else to ask . Harry lie down , still think about what Aragog have say . he be become drowsy when what seem like their very last hope occur to him , and he suddenly sit bolt upright . " Ron , " he hiss through the dark , " Ron -- " Ron wake with a yelp like Fang 's , stare wildly around , and see Harry . " Ron -- that girl who die . Aragog say she be find in a bathroom , " say Harry , ignore Neville 's snuffle snore from the corner . " what if she never leave the bathroom ? what if she be still there ? " Ron rub his eye , frown through the moonlight . and then he understand , too . " you do n't think -- not Moaning Myrtle ? " the Chamber of Secrets all those time we be in that bathroom , and she be just three toilet away , " say Ron bitterly at breakfast next day , " and we could have ask her , and now ... " it have be hard enough try to look for spider . escape their teacher long enough to sneak into a girl ' bathroom , the girl ' bathroom , moreover , right next to the scene of the first attack , be go to be almost impossible . but something happen in their first lesson , Transfiguration , that drive the Chamber of Secrets out of their mind for the first time in week . ten minute into the class , Professor McGonagall tell them that their exam would start on the first of June , one week from today . " exam ? " howl Seamus Finnigan . " we be still get exam ? " there be a loud bang behind Harry as Neville Longbottom 's wand slip , vanish one of the leg on his desk . Professor McGonagall restore it with a wave of her own wand , and turn , frown , to Seamus . " the whole point of keep the school open at this time be for you to receive your education , " she say sternly . " the exam will therefore take place as usual , and I trust you be all study hard . " study hard ! it have never occur to Harry that there would be exam with the castle in this state . there be a great deal of mutinous mutter around the room , which make Professor McGonagall scowl even more darkly . " Professor Dumbledore 's instruction be to keep the school run as normally as possible , " she say . " and that , I need hardly point out , mean find out how much you have learn this year . " Harry look down at the pair of white rabbit he be suppose to be turn into slipper . what have he learn so far this year ? he could n't seem to think of anything that would be useful in an exam . Ron look as though he have just be tell he have to go and live in the Forbidden Forest . " can you imagine me take exam with this ? " he ask Harry , hold up his wand , which have just start whistle loudly . three day before their first exam , Professor McGonagall make another announcement at breakfast . " I have good news , " she say , and the Great Hall , instead of fall silent , erupt . " Dumbledore be come back ! " several people yell joyfully . " you have catch the Heir of Slytherin ! " squeal a girl at the Ravenclaw table . " Quidditch match be back on ! " roar Wood excitedly . when the hubbub have subside , Professor McGonagall say , " Professor Sprout have inform me that the mandrake be ready for cut at last . tonight , we will be able to revive those people who have be Petrified . I need hardly remind you all that one of them may well be able to tell us who , or what , attack them . I be hopeful that this dreadful year will end with our catch the culprit . " there be an explosion of cheer . Harry look over at the Slytherin table and be n't at all surprise to see that Draco Malfoy have n't join in . Ron , however , be look happy than he have look in day . " it wo n't matter that we never ask Myrtle , then ! " he say to Harry . " Hermione will probably have all the answer when they wake her up ! mind you , she will go crazy when she find out we have get exam in three day ' time . she have n't study . it might be kind to leave her where she be till they be over . " just then , Ginny Weasley come over and sit down next to Ron . she look tense and nervous , and Harry notice that her hand be twist in her lap . " what be up ? " say Ron , help himself to more porridge . Ginny do n't say anything , but glance up and down the Gryffindor table with a scared look on her face that remind Harry of someone , though he could n't think who . " spit it out , " say Ron , watch her . Harry suddenly realize who Ginny look like . she be rock backward and forward slightly in her chair , exactly like Dobby do when he be teeter on the edge of reveal forbidden information . " I have get to tell you something , " Ginny mumble , carefully not look at Harry . " what be it ? " say Harry . Ginny look as though she could n't find the right word . " what ? " say Ron . Ginny open her mouth , but no sound come out . Harry lean forward and speak quietly , so that only Ginny and Ron could hear him . " be it something about the Chamber of Secrets ? have you see something ? someone act oddly ? " Ginny draw a deep breath and , at that precise moment , Percy Weasley appear , look tired and wan . " if you have finish eat , I will take that seat , Ginny . I be starve , I have only just come off patrol duty . " Ginny jump up as though her chair have just be electrify , give Percy a fleeting , frightened look , and scamper away . Percy sit down and grab a mug from the center of the table . " Percy ! " say Ron angrily . " she be just about to tell us something important ! " halfway through a gulp of tea , Percy choke . " what sort of thing ? " he say , cough . " I just ask her if she have see anything odd , and she start to say -- " " oh -- that -- that be nothing to do with the Chamber of Secrets , " say Percy at once . " how do you know ? " say Ron , his eyebrow raise . " well , er , if you must know , Ginny , er , walk in on me the other day when I be -- well , never mind -- the point be , she spot me do something and I , um , I ask her not to mention it to anybody . I must say , I do think she will keep her word . it be nothing , really , I will just rather -- " Harry have never see Percy look so uncomfortable . " what be you do , Percy ? " say Ron , grin . " go on , tell us , we wo n't laugh . " Percy do n't smile back . " pass me those roll , Harry , I be starve . " Harry know the whole mystery might be solve tomorrow without their help , but he be n't about to pass up a chance to speak to Myrtle if it turn up -- and to his delight it do , midmorning , when they be be lead to history of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart . Lockhart , who have so often assure them that all danger have pass , only to be prove wrong right away , be now wholeheartedly convince that it be hardly worth the trouble to see them safely down the corridor . his hair be n't as sleek as usual ; it seem he have be up most of the night , patrol the fourth floor . " mark my word , " he say , usher them around a corner . " the first word out of those poor Petrified people 's mouth will be ' it be Hagrid . ' frankly , I be astound Professor McGonagall think all these security measure be necessary . " " I agree , sir , " say Harry , make Ron drop his book in surprise . " thank you , Harry , " say Lockhart graciously while they wait for a long line of Hufflepuffs to pass . " I mean , we teacher have quite enough to be get on with , without walk student to class and stand guard all night . ... " " that be right , " say Ron , catch on . " why do n't you leave us here , sir , we have only get one more corridor to go -- " " you know , Weasley , I think I will , " say Lockhart . " I really should go and prepare my next class -- " and he hurry off . " prepare his class , " Ron sneer after him . " go to curl his hair , more like . " they let the rest of the Gryffindors draw ahead of them , then dart down a side passage and hurry off toward Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . but just as they be congratulate each other on their brilliant scheme - " Potter ! Weasley ! what be you do ? " it be Professor McGonagall , and her mouth be the thin of thin line . " we be -- we be -- " Ron stammer . " we be go to -- to go and see -- " " Hermione , " say Harry . Ron and Professor McGonagall both look at him . " we have n't see her for age , Professor , " Harry go on hurriedly , tread on Ron 's foot , " and we think we will sneak into the hospital wing , you know , and tell her the mandrake be nearly ready and , er , not to worry -- " Professor McGonagall be still stare at him , and for a moment , Harry think she be go to explode , but when she speak , it be in a strangely croaky voice . " of course , " she say , and Harry , amaze , see a tear glisten in her beady eye . " of course , I realize this have all be hardest on the friend of those who have be ... I quite understand . yes , Potter , of course you may visit Miss Granger . I will inform Professor Binns where you have go . tell Madam Pomfrey I have give my permission . " Harry and Ron walk away , hardly dare to believe that they have avoid detention . as they turn the corner , they distinctly hear Professor McGonagall blow her nose . " that , " say Ron fervently , " be the good story you have ever come up with . " they have no choice now but to go to the hospital wing and tell Madam Pomfrey that they have Professor McGonagall 's permission to visit Hermione . madam Pomfrey let them in , but reluctantly . " there be just no point talk to a Petrified person , " she say , and they have to admit she have a point when they have take their seat next to Hermione . it be plain that Hermione do n't have the faint inkling that she have visitor , and that they might just as well tell her bedside cabinet not to worry for all the good it would do . " wonder if she do see the attacker , though ? " say Ron , look sadly at Hermione 's rigid face . " because if he sneak up on them all , no one will ever know . ... " but Harry be n't look at Hermione 's face . he be more interested in her right hand . it lie clench on top of her blanket , and bend closer , he see that a piece of paper be scrunch inside her fist . make sure that Madam Pomfrey be nowhere near , he point this out to Ron . " try and get it out , " Ron whisper , shift his chair so that he block Harry from Madam Pomfrey 's view . it be no easy task . Hermione 's hand be clamp so tightly around the paper that Harry be sure he be go to tear it . while Ron keep watch he tug and twist , and at last , after several tense minute , the paper come free . it be a page tear from a very old library book . Harry smooth it out eagerly and Ron lean close to read it , too . of the many fearsome beast and monster that roam our land , there be none more curious or more deadly than the Basilisk , know also as the King of Serpents . this snake , which may reach gigantic size and live many hundred of year , be bear from a chicken 's egg , hatch beneath a toad . its method of kill be most wondrous , for aside from its deadly and venomous fang , the Basilisk have a murderous stare , and all who be fix with the beam of its eye shall suffer instant death . spider flee before the Basilisk , for it be their mortal enemy , and the Basilisk flee only from the crow of the rooster , which be fatal to it . and beneath this , a single word have be write , in a hand Harry recognize as Hermione 's . pipe . it be as though somebody have just flick a light on in his brain . " Ron , " he breathe . " this be it . this be the answer . the monster in the Chamber be a basilisk -- a giant serpent ! that be why I have be hear that voice all over the place , and nobody else have hear it . it be because I understand Parseltongue . ... " Harry look up at the bed around him . " the basilisk kill people by look at them . but no one be die -- because no one look it straight in the eye . Colin see it through his camera . the basilisk burn up all the film inside it , but Colin just get Petrified . Justin ... Justin must have see the basilisk through nearly headless Nick ! Nick get the full blast of it , but he could n't die again ... and Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect be find with a mirror next to them . Hermione have just realize the monster be a basilisk . I bet you anything she warn the first person she meet to look around corner with a mirror first ! and that girl pull out her mirror -- and -- " Ron 's jaw have drop . " and Mrs. Norris ? " he whisper eagerly . Harry think hard , picture the scene on the night of Halloween . " the water ... " he say slowly . " the flood from Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . I bet you Mrs. Norris only see the reflection . ... " he scan the page in his hand eagerly . the more he look at it , the more it make sense . " ... the crow of the rooster ... be fatal to it ! " he read aloud . " Hagrid 's rooster be kill ! the Heir of Slytherin do n't want one anywhere near the castle once the Chamber be open ! spider flee before it ! it all fit ! " " but how be the basilisk be get around the place ? " say Ron . " a giant snake ... someone would have see ... " Harry , however , point at the word Hermione have scribble at the foot of the page . " pipe , " he say . " pipe ... Ron , it have be use the plumbing . I have be hear that voice inside the wall . ... " Ron suddenly grab Harry 's arm . " the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets ! " he say hoarsely . " what if it be a bathroom ? what if it be in -- " " - Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom , " say Harry . they sit there , excitement coursing through them , hardly able to believe it . " this mean , " say Harry , " I ca n't be the only Parselmouth in the school . the Heir of Slytherin 's one , too . that be how he have be control the basilisk . " " what be we go to do ? " say Ron , whose eye be flash . " should we go straight to McGonagall ? " " let be go to the staffroom , " say Harry , jump up . " she will be there in ten minute . it be nearly break . " they run downstairs . not want to be discover hang around in another corridor , they go straight into the desert staffroom . it be a large , panel room full of dark , wooden chair . Harry and Ron pace around it , too excite to sit down . but the bell to signal break never come . instead , echo through the corridor come Professor McGonagall 's voice , magically magnify . " all student to return to their House dormitory at once . all teacher return to the staffroom . immediately , please . " Harry wheel around to stare at Ron . " not another attack ? not now ? " " what will we do ? " say Ron , aghast . " go back to the dormitory ? " " no , " say Harry , glance around . there be an ugly sort of wardrobe to his left , full of the teacher ' cloak . " in here . let be hear what it be all about . then we can tell them what we have find out . " they hide themselves inside it , listen to the rumble of hundred of people move overhead , and the staffroom door bang open . from between the musty fold of the cloak , they watch the teacher filter into the room . some of them be look puzzle , other downright scare . then Professor McGonagall arrive . " it have happen , " she tell the silent staffroom . " a student have be take by the monster . right into the Chamber itself . " Professor Flitwick let out a squeal . Professor Sprout clap her hand over her mouth . Snape grip the back of a chair very hard and say , " how can you be sure ? " " the Heir of Slytherin , " say Professor McGonagall , who be very white , " leave another message . right underneath the first one . ' her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever . ' " Professor Flitwick burst into tear . " who be it ? " say Madam Hooch , who have sink , weak-kneed , into a chair . " which student ? " " Ginny Weasley , " say Professor McGonagall . Harry feel Ron slide silently down onto the wardrobe floor beside him . " we shall have to send all the student home tomorrow , " say Professor McGonagall . " this be the end of Hogwarts . Dumbledore always say ... " the staffroom door bang open again . for one wild moment , Harry be sure it would be Dumbledore . but it be Lockhart , and he be beaming . " so sorry -- doze off -- what have I miss ? " he do n't seem to notice that the other teacher be look at him with something remarkably like hatred . Snape step forward . " just the man , " he say . " the very man . a girl have be snatch by the monster , Lockhart . take into the Chamber of Secrets itself . your moment have come at last . " Lockhart blanch . " that be right , Gilderoy , " chip in Professor Sprout . " be n't you say just last night that you have know all along where the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets be ? " " I -- well , I -- " sputter Lockhart . " yes , do n't you tell me you be sure you know what be inside it ? " pipe up Professor Flitwick . " D-did I ? I do n't recall -- " " I certainly remember you say you be sorry you have n't have a crack at the monster before Hagrid be arrest , " say Snape . " do n't you say that the whole affair have be bungle , and that you should have be give a free rein from the first ? " Lockhart stare around at his stony-faced colleague . " I -- I really never -- you may have misunderstand -- " " we will leave it to you , then , Gilderoy , " say Professor McGonagall . " tonight will be an excellent time to do it . we will make sure everyone be out of your way . you will be able to tackle the monster all by yourself . a free rein at last . " Lockhart gaze desperately around him , but nobody come to the rescue . he do n't look remotely handsome anymore . his lip be tremble , and in the absence of his usually toothy grin , he look weak-chinned and feeble . " V-very well , " he say . " I will -- I will be in my office , get -- get ready . " and he leave the room . " right , " say Professor McGonagall , whose nostril be flare , " that have get him out from under our foot . the Heads of Houses should go and inform their student what have happen . tell them the Hogwarts Express will take them home first thing tomorrow . will the rest of you please make sure no student have be leave outside their dormitory . " the teacher rise and leave , one by one . it be probably the bad day of Harry 's entire life . he , Ron , Fred , and George sit together in a corner of the Gryffindor common room , unable to say anything to each other . Percy be n't there . he have go to send an owl to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley , then shut himself up in his dormitory . no afternoon ever last as long as that one , nor have Gryffindor Tower ever be so crowd , yet so quiet . near sunset , Fred and George go up to bed , unable to sit there any longer . " she know something , Harry , " say Ron , speak for the first time since they have enter the wardrobe in the staffroom . " that be why she be take . it be n't some stupid thing about Percy at all . she have find out something about the Chamber of Secrets . that must be why she be -- " Ron rub his eye frantically . " I mean , she be a pureblood . there ca n't be any other reason . " Harry could see the sun sinking , blood-red , below the skyline . this be the bad he have ever feel . if only there be something they could do . anything . " Harry , " say Ron . " D'you think there be any chance at all she be not -- you know -- " Harry do n't know what to say . he could n't see how Ginny could still be alive . " D'you know what ? " say Ron . " I think we should go and see Lockhart . tell him what we know . he be go to try and get into the Chamber . we can tell him where we think it be , and tell him it be a basilisk in there . " because Harry could n't think of anything else to do , and because he want to be do something , he agree . the Gryffindors around them be so miserable , and feel so sorry for the Weasleys , that nobody try to stop them as they get up , cross the room , and leave through the portrait hole . darkness be fall as they walk down to Lockhart 's office . there seem to be a lot of activity go on inside it . they could hear scrape , thump , and hurried footstep . Harry knock and there be a sudden silence from inside . then the door open the tiny crack and they see one of Lockhart 's eye peer through it . " oh -- Mr. Potter -- Mr. Weasley -- " he say , open the door a bit wider . " I be rather busy at the moment -- if you would be quick -- " " Professor , we have get some information for you , " say Harry . " we think it will help you . " " er -- well -- it be not terribly -- " the side of Lockhart 's face that they could see look very uncomfortable . " I mean -- well -- all right -- " he open the door and they enter . his office have be almost completely strip . two large trunk stand open on the floor . robe , jade-green , lilac , midnight-blue , have be hastily fold into one of them ; book be jumble untidily into the other . the photograph that have cover the wall be now cram into box on the desk . " be you go somewhere ? " say Harry . " er , well , yes , " say Lockhart , rip a life-size poster of himself from the back of the door as he speak and start to roll it up . " urgent call -- unavoidable -- get to go -- " " what about my sister ? " say Ron jerkily . " well , as to that -- most unfortunate -- " say Lockhart , avoid their eye as he wrench open a drawer and start empty the content into a bag . " no one regret more than I -- " " you be the defense against the Dark Arts teacher ! " say Harry . " you ca n't go now ! not with all the dark stuff go on here ! " " well -- I must say -- when I take the job -- " Lockhart mutter , now pile sock on top of his robe . " nothing in the job description -- do n't expect -- " " you mean you be run away ? say Harry disbelievingly . " after all that stuff you do in your book -- " " book can be mislead , " say Lockhart delicately . " you write them ! " Harry shout . " my dear boy , " say Lockhart , straighten up and frown at Harry . " do use your common sense . my book would n't have sell half as well if people do n't think I have do all those thing . no one want to read about some ugly old Armenian warlock , even if he do save a village from werewolf . he will look dreadful on the front cover . no dress sense at all . and the witch who banish the Bandon Banshee have a hairy chin . I mean , come on -- " " so you have just be take credit for what a load of other people have do ? " say Harry incredulously . " Harry , Harry , " say Lockhart , shake his head impatiently , " it be not nearly as simple as that . there be work involve . I have to track these people down . ask them exactly how they manage to do what they do . then I have to put a Memory Charm on them so they would n't remember do it . if there be one thing I pride myself on , it be my Memory Charms . no , it have be a lot of work , Harry . it be not all book signing and publicity photo , you know . you want fame , you have to be prepare for a long hard slog . " he bang the lid of his trunk shut and lock them . " let be see , " he say . " I think that be everything . yes . only one thing leave . " he pull out his wand and turn to them . " awfully sorry , boy , but I will have to put a Memory Charm on you now . can n't have you blab my secret all over the place . I will never sell another book -- " Harry reach his wand just in time . Lockhart have barely raise his , when Harry bellow , " Expelliarmus ! " Lockhart be blast backward , fall over his trunk ; his wand fly high into the air ; Ron catch it , and fling it out of the open window . " should n't have let Professor Snape teach us that one , " say Harry furiously , kick Lockhart 's trunk aside . Lockhart be look up at him , feeble once more . Harry be still point his wand at him . " what d'you want me to do ? " say Lockhart weakly . " I do n't know where the Chamber of Secrets be . there be nothing I can do . " " you be in luck , " say Harry , force Lockhart to his foot at wandpoint . " we think we know where it be . and what be inside it . let be go . " they march Lockhart out of his office and down the near stair , along the dark corridor where the message shine on the wall , to the door of Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . they send Lockhart in first . Harry be please to see that he be shake . moan Myrtle be sit on the tank of the end toilet . " oh , it be you , " she say when she see Harry . " what do you want this time ? " " to ask you how you die , " say Harry . Myrtle 's whole aspect change at once . she look as though she have never be ask such a flatter question . " Ooooh , it be dreadful , " she say with relish . " it happen right in here . I die in this very stall . I remember it so well . I have hide because Olive Hornby be tease me about my glass . the door be lock , and I be cry , and then I hear somebody come in . they say something funny . a different language , I think it must have be . anyway , what really get me be that it be a boy speaking . so I unlock the door , to tell him to go and use his own toilet , and then -- " Myrtle swell importantly , her face shine . " I die . " " how ? " say Harry . " no idea , " say Myrtle in hush tone . " I just remember see a pair of great , big , yellow eye . my whole body sort of seize up , and then I be float away . ... " she look dreamily at Harry . " and then I come back again . I be determine to haunt Olive Hornby , you see . oh , she be sorry she have ever laugh at my glass . " " where exactly do you see the eye ? " say Harry . " somewhere there , " say Myrtle , point vaguely toward the sink in front of her toilet . Harry and Ron hurry over to it . Lockhart be stand well back , a look of utter terror on his face . it look like an ordinary sink . they examine every inch of it , inside and out , include the pipe below . and then Harry see it : scratch on the side of one of the copper tap be a tiny snake . " that tap be never work , " say Myrtle brightly as he try to turn it . " Harry , " say Ron . " say something . something in Parseltongue . " " but -- " Harry think hard . the only time he have ever manage to speak Parseltongue be when he have be face with a real snake . he stare hard at the tiny engraving , try to imagine it be real . " open up , " he say . he look at Ron , who shake his head . " English , " he say . Harry look back at the snake , will himself to believe it be alive . if he move his head , the candlelight make it look as though it be move . " open up , " he say . except that the word be n't what he hear ; a strange hiss have escape him , and at once the tap glow with a brilliant white light and begin to spin . next second , the sink begin to move ; the sink , in fact , sink , right out of sight , leave a large pipe expose , a pipe wide enough for a man to slide into . Harry hear Ron gasp and look up again . he have make up his mind what he be go to do . " I be go down there , " he say . he could n't not go , not now they have find the entrance to the Chamber , not if there be even the faint , slim , wild chance that Ginny might be alive . " me too , " say Ron . there be a pause . " well , you hardly seem to need me , " say Lockhart , with a shadow of his old smile . " I will just -- " he put his hand on the door knob , but Ron and Harry both point their wand at him . " you can go first , " Ron snarl . White-faced and wandless , Lockhart approach the opening . " boy , " he say , his voice feeble . " boy , what good will it do ? " Harry jab him in the back with his wand . Lockhart slide his leg into the pipe . " I really do n't think -- " he start to say , but Ron give him a push , and he slide out of sight . Harry follow quickly . he lower himself slowly into the pipe , then let go . it be like rush down an endless , slimy , dark slide . he could see more pipe branch off in all direction , but none as large as theirs , which twist and turn , slope steeply downward , and he know that he be fall deep below the school than even the dungeon . behind him he could hear Ron , thud slightly at the curve . and then , just as he have begin to worry about what would happen when he hit the ground , the pipe level out , and he shoot out of the end with a wet thud , landing on the damp floor of a dark stone tunnel large enough to stand in . Lockhart be get to his foot a little way away , cover in slime and white as a ghost . Harry stand aside as Ron come whiz out of the pipe , too . " we must be mile under the school , " say Harry , his voice echo in the black tunnel . " under the lake , probably , " say Ron , squint around at the dark , slimy wall . all three of them turn to stare into the darkness ahead . " Lumos ! " Harry mutter to his wand and it light again . " C'mon , " he say to Ron and Lockhart , and off they go , their footstep slap loudly on the wet floor . the tunnel be so dark that they could only see a little distance ahead . their shadow on the wet wall look monstrous in the wandlight . " remember , " Harry say quietly as they walk cautiously forward , " any sign of movement , close your eye right away . ... " but the tunnel be quiet as the grave , and the first unexpected sound they hear be a loud crunch as Ron step on what turn out to be a rat 's skull . Harry lower his wand to look at the floor and see that it be litter with small animal bone . try very hard not to imagine what Ginny might look like if they find her , Harry lead the way forward , around a dark bend in the tunnel . " Harry -- there be something up there -- " say Ron hoarsely , grab Harry 's shoulder . they freeze , watch . Harry could just see the outline of something huge and curve , lie right across the tunnel . it be n't move . " maybe it be asleep , " he breathe , glance back at the other two . Lockhart 's hand be press over his eye . Harry turn back to look at the thing , his heart beating so fast it hurt . very slowly , his eye as narrow as he could make them and still see , Harry edge forward , his wand hold high . the light slide over a gigantic snake skin , of a vivid , poisonous green , lie curl and empty across the tunnel floor . the creature that have shed it must have be twenty foot long at least . " Blimey , " say Ron weakly . there be a sudden movement behind them . Gilderoy Lockhart 's knee have give way . " get up , " say Ron sharply , point his wand at Lockhart . Lockhart get to his foot -- then he dive at Ron , knock him to the ground . Harry jump forward , but too late -- Lockhart be straighten up , pant , Ron 's wand in his hand and a gleam smile back on his face . " the adventure end here , boy ! " he say . " I shall take a bit of this skin back up to the school , tell them I be too late to save the girl , and that you two tragically lose your mind at the sight of her mangle body -- say good-bye to your memory ! " he raise Ron 's Spellotaped wand high over his head and yell , " Obliviate ! " the wand explode with the force of a small bomb . Harry fling his arm over his head and run , slip over the coil of snake skin , out of the way of great chunk of tunnel ceiling that be thunder to the floor . next moment , he be stand alone , gaze at a solid wall of break rock . " Ron ! " he shout . " be you okay ? Ron ! " " I be here ! " come Ron 's muffle voice from behind the rock-fall . " I be okay -- this git 's not , though -- he get blast by the wand -- " there be a dull thud and a loud " ow ! " it sound as though Ron have just kick Lockhart in the shin . " what now ? " Ron 's voice say , sound desperate . " we ca n't get through -- it will take age . ... " Harry look up at the tunnel ceiling . huge crack have appear in it . he have never try to break apart anything as large as these rock by magic , and now do n't seem a good moment to try -- what if the whole tunnel cave in ? there be another thud and another " ow ! " from behind the rock . they be waste time . Ginny have already be in the Chamber of Secrets for hour . ... Harry know there be only one thing to do . " wait there , " he call to Ron . " wait with Lockhart . I will go on . ... if I be not back in an hour ... " there be a very pregnant pause . " I will try and shift some of this rock , " say Ron , who seem to be try to keep his voice steady . " so you can -- can get back through . and , Harry -- " " see you in a bit , " say Harry , try to inject some confidence into his shake voice . and he set off alone past the giant snake skin . soon the distant noise of Ron strain to shift the rock be go . the tunnel turn and turn again . every nerve in Harry 's body be tingle unpleasantly . he want the tunnel to end , yet dread what he will find when it do . and then , at last , as he creep around yet another bend , he see a solid wall ahead on which two entwine serpent be carve , their eye set with great , glint emerald . Harry approach , his throat very dry . there be no need to pretend these stone snake be real ; their eye look strangely alive . he could guess what he have to do . he clear his throat , and the emerald eye seem to flicker . " open , " say Harry , in a low , faint hiss . the serpent part as the wall crack open , the half slide smoothly out of sight , and Harry , shake from head to foot , walk inside . the Heir of Slytherin he be stand at the end of a very long , dimly light chamber . towering stone pillar entwine with more carve serpent rise to support a ceiling lose in darkness , cast long , black shadow through the odd , greenish gloom that fill the place . his heart beating very fast , Harry stand listen to the chill silence . could the basilisk be lurk in a shadowy corner , behind a pillar ? and where be Ginny ? he pull out his wand and move forward between the serpentine column . every careful footstep echo loudly off the shadowy wall . he keep his eye narrow , ready to clamp them shut at the small sign of movement . the hollow eye socket of the stone snake seem to be follow him . more than once , with a jolt of the stomach , he think he see one stir . then , as he draw level with the last pair of pillar , a statue high as the Chamber itself loom into view , stand against the back wall . Harry have to crane his neck to look up into the giant face above : it be ancient and monkeyish , with a long , thin beard that fall almost to the bottom of the wizard 's sweeping stone robe , where two enormous gray foot stand on the smooth Chamber floor . and between the foot , facedown , lie a small , black-robed figure with flaming-red hair . " Ginny ! " Harry mutter , sprint to her and drop to his knee . " Ginny -- do n't be dead -- please do n't be dead -- " he fling his wand aside , grab Ginny 's shoulder , and turn her over . her face be white as marble , and as cold , yet her eye be close , so she be n't Petrified . but then she must be - " Ginny , please wake up , " Harry mutter desperately , shake her . Ginny 's head loll hopelessly from side to side . " she wo n't wake , " say a soft voice . Harry jump and spin around on his knee . a tall , black-haired boy be lean against the near pillar , watch . he be strangely blur around the edge , as though Harry be look at him through a mist window . but there be no mistake him - " Tom -- Tom Riddle ? " Riddle nod , not take his eye off Harry 's face . " what d'you mean , she wo n't wake ? " Harry say desperately . " she be not -- she be not -- ? " " she be still alive , " say Riddle . " but only just . " Harry stare at him . Tom Riddle have be at Hogwarts fifty year ago , yet here he stand , a weird , misty light shine about him , not a day old than sixteen . " be you a ghost ? " Harry say uncertainly . " a memory , " say Riddle quietly . " preserve in a diary for fifty year . " he point toward the floor near the statue 's giant toe . lie open there be the little black diary Harry have find in Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom . for a second , Harry wonder how it have get there -- but there be more pressing matter to deal with . " you have get to help me , Tom , " Harry say , raise Ginny 's head again . " we have get to get her out of here . there be a basilisk ... I do n't know where it be , but it could be along any moment . ... Please , help me -- " Riddle do n't move . Harry , sweat , manage to hoist Ginny half off the floor , and bend to pick up his wand again . but his wand have go . " do you see -- ? " he look up . riddle be still watch him -- twirl Harry 's wand between his long finger . " thanks , " say Harry , stretch out his hand for it . a smile curl the corner of Riddle 's mouth . he continue to stare at Harry , twirl the wand idly . " listen , " say Harry urgently , his knee sag with Ginny 's dead weight . " we have get to go ! if the basilisk come -- " " it wo n't come until it be call , " say Riddle calmly . Harry lower Ginny back onto the floor , unable to hold her up any longer . " what d'you mean ? " he say . " look , give me my wand , I might need it -- " Riddle 's smile broaden . " you wo n't be need it , " he say . Harry stare at him . " what d'you mean , I wo n't be -- ? " " I have wait a long time for this , Harry Potter , " say Riddle . " for the chance to see you . to speak to you . " " look , " say Harry , lose patience , " I do n't think you get it . we be in the Chamber of Secrets . we can talk later -- " " we be go to talk now , " say Riddle , still smile broadly , and he pocket Harry 's wand . Harry stare at him . there be something very funny go on here . ... " how do Ginny get like this ? " he ask slowly . " well , that be an interesting question , " say Riddle pleasantly . " and quite a long story . I suppose the real reason Ginny Weasley 's like this be because she open her heart and spill all her secret to an invisible stranger . " " what be you talk about ? " say Harry . " the diary , " say Riddle . " my diary . Little Ginny have be write in it for month and month , tell me all her pitiful worry and woe -- how her brother tease her , how she have to come to school with secondhand robe and book , how " -- Riddle 's eye glint -- " how she do n't think famous , good , great Harry Potter would ever like her . ... " all the time he speak , Riddle 's eye never leave Harry 's face . there be an almost hungry look in them . " it be very boring , have to listen to the silly little trouble of an eleven-year-old girl , " he go on . " but I be patient . I write back . I be sympathetic , I be kind . Ginny simply love me . no one be ever understand me like you , Tom . ... I be so glad I have get this diary to confide in . ... it be like have a friend I can carry around in my pocket . ... " Riddle laugh , a high , cold laugh that do n't suit him . it make the hair stand up on the back of Harry 's neck . " if I say it myself , Harry , I have always be able to charm the people I need . so Ginny pour out her soul to me , and her soul happen to be exactly what I want . ... I grow strong and strong on a diet of her deep fear , her dark secret . I grow powerful , far more powerful than little Miss Weasley . powerful enough to start feed Miss Weasley a few of my secret , to start pour a little of my soul back into her ... " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry , whose mouth have go very dry . " have n't you guess yet , Harry Potter ? " say Riddle softly . " Ginny Weasley open the Chamber of Secrets . she strangle the school rooster and daub threatening message on the wall . she set the Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods , and the Squib 's cat . " " no , " Harry whisper . " yes , " say Riddle , calmly . " of course , she do n't know what she be do at first . it be very amusing . I wish you could have see her new diary entry ... far more interesting , they become . ... Dear Tom , " he recite , watch Harry 's horrify face , " I think I be lose my memory . there be rooster feather all over my robe and I do n't know how they get there . Dear Tom , I ca n't remember what I do on the night of Halloween , but a cat be attack and I have get paint all down my front . Dear Tom , Percy keep tell me I be pale and I be not myself . I think he suspect me . ... there be another attack today and I do n't know where I be . Tom , what be I go to do ? I think I be go mad . ... I think I be the one attacking everyone , Tom ! " Harry 's fist be clench , the nail dig deep into his palm . " it take a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop trust her diary , " say Riddle . " but she finally become suspicious and try to dispose of it . and that be where you come in , Harry . you find it , and I could n't have be more delighted . of all the people who could have pick it up , it be you , the very person I be most anxious to meet . ... " " and why do you want to meet me ? " say Harry . anger be course through him , and it be an effort to keep his voice steady . " well , you see , Ginny tell me all about you , Harry , " say Riddle . " your whole fascinating history . " his eye roved over the lightning scar on Harry 's forehead , and their expression grow hungry . " I know I must find out more about you , talk to you , meet you if I could . so I decide to show you my famous capture of that great oaf , Hagrid , to gain your trust -- " " Hagrid be my friend , " say Harry , his voice now shake . " and you frame him , do n't you ? I think you make a mistake , but -- " Riddle laugh his high laugh again . " it be my word against Hagrid 's , Harry . well , you can imagine how it look to old Armando Dippet . on the one hand , Tom Riddle , poor but brilliant , parentless but so brave , school prefect , model student ... on the other hand , big , blunder Hagrid , in trouble every other week , try to raise werewolf cub under his bed , sneak off to the Forbidden Forest to wrestle troll ... but I admit , even I be surprise how well the plan work . I think someone must realize that Hagrid could n't possibly be the Heir of Slytherin . it have take me five whole year to find out everything I could about the Chamber of Secrets and discover the secret entrance ... as though Hagrid have the brain , or the power ! " only the transfiguration teacher , Dumbledore , seem to think Hagrid be innocent . he persuade Dippet to keep Hagrid and train him as gamekeeper . yes , I think Dumbledore might have guess . ... Dumbledore never seem to like me as much as the other teacher do . ... " " I bet Dumbledore see right through you , " say Harry , his tooth grit . " well , he certainly keep an annoyingly close watch on me after Hagrid be expel , " say Riddle carelessly . " I know it would n't be safe to open the Chamber again while I be still at school . but I be n't go to waste those long year I have spend search for it . I decide to leave behind a diary , preserve my sixteen-year-old self in its page , so that one day , with luck , I would be able to lead another in my footstep , and finish Salazar Slytherin 's noble work . " " well , you have n't finish it , " say Harry triumphantly . " no one have die this time , not even the cat . in a few hour the Mandrake draught will be ready and everyone who be Petrified will be all right again -- " " have n't I already tell you , " say Riddle quietly , " that kill Mudbloods do n't matter to me anymore ? for many month now , my new target have be -- you . " Harry stare at him . " imagine how angry I be when the next time my diary be open , it be Ginny who be write to me , not you . she see you with the diary , you see , and panick . what if you find out how to work it , and I repeat all her secret to you ? what if , even bad , I tell you who have be strangle rooster ? so the foolish little brat wait until your dormitory be desert and steal it back . but I know what I must do . it be clear to me that you be on the trail of Slytherin 's heir . from everything Ginny have tell me about you , I know you would go to any length to solve the mystery -- particularly if one of your good friend be attack . and Ginny have tell me the whole school be buzz because you could speak Parseltongue . ... " so I make Ginny write her own farewell on the wall and come down here to wait . she struggle and cry and become very boring . but there be n't much life leave in her . ... she put too much into the diary , into me . enough to let me leave its page at last . ... I have be wait for you to appear since we arrive here . I know you will come . I have many question for you , Harry Potter . " " like what ? " Harry spit , fist still clench . " well , " say Riddle , smile pleasantly , " how be it that you -- a skinny boy with no extraordinary magical talent -- manage to defeat the great wizard of all time ? how do you escape with nothing but a scar , while Lord Voldemort 's power be destroy ? " there be an odd red gleam in his hungry eye now . " why do you care how I escape ? " say Harry slowly . " Voldemort be after your time . ... " " Voldemort , " say Riddle softly , " be my past , present , and future , Harry Potter . ... " he pull Harry 's wand from his pocket and begin to trace it through the air , write three shimmer word : tom marvolo riddle then he wave the wand once , and the letter of his name rearrange themselves : i be lord voldemort " you see ? " he whisper . " it be a name I be already use at Hogwarts , to my most intimate friend only , of course . you think I be go to use my filthy Muggle father 's name forever ? I , in whose vein run the blood of Salazar Slytherin himself , through my mother 's side ? I , keep the name of a foul , common Muggle , who abandon me even before I be bear , just because he find out his wife be a witch ? no , Harry -- I fashion myself a new name , a name I know wizard everywhere would one day fear to speak , when I have become the great sorcerer in the world ! " Harry 's brain seem to have jam . he stare numbly at Riddle , at the orphan boy who have grow up to murder Harry 's own parent , and so many other . ... at last he force himself to speak . " you be not , " he say , his quiet voice full of hatred . " not what ? " snap Riddle . " not the great sorcerer in the world , " say Harry , breathe fast . " sorry to disappoint you and all that , but the great wizard in the world be Albus Dumbledore . everyone say so . even when you be strong , you do n't dare try and take over at Hogwarts . Dumbledore see through you when you be at school and he still frighten you now , wherever you be hide these day -- " the smile have go from Riddle 's face , to be replace by a very ugly look . " Dumbledore have be drive out of this castle by the mere memory of me ! " he hiss . " he be not as go as you might think ! " Harry retort . he be speak at random , want to scare Riddle , wish rather than believe it to be true - Riddle open his mouth , but freeze . music be come from somewhere . riddle whirl around to stare down the empty Chamber . the music be grow louder . it be eerie , spine-tingle , unearthly ; it lift the hair on Harry 's scalp and make his heart feel as though it be swell to twice its normal size . then , as the music reach such a pitch that Harry feel it vibrate inside his own rib , flame erupt at the top of the near pillar . a crimson bird the size of a swan have appear , pipe its weird music to the vault ceiling . it have a glitter golden tail as long as a peacock be and gleam golden talon , which be grip a ragged bundle . a second later , the bird be fly straight at Harry . it drop the ragged thing it be carry at his foot , then land heavily on his shoulder . as it fold its great wing , Harry look up and see it have a long , sharp golden beak and a beady black eye . the bird stop sing . it sit still and warm next to Harry 's cheek , gaze steadily at Riddle . " that be a phoenix . ... " say Riddle , stare shrewdly back at it . " Fawkes ? " Harry breathe , and he feel the bird 's golden claw squeeze his shoulder gently . " and that -- " say Riddle , now eye the ragged thing that Fawkes have drop , " that be the old school Sorting Hat -- " so it be . patch , fray , and dirty , the hat lie motionless at Harry 's foot . riddle begin to laugh again . he laugh so hard that the dark Chamber ring with it , as though ten Riddles be laugh at once - " this be what Dumbledore send his defender ! a songbird and an old hat ! do you feel brave , Harry Potter ? do you feel safe now ? " Harry do n't answer . he might not see what use Fawkes or the Sorting Hat be , but he be no longer alone , and he wait for Riddle to stop laugh with his courage mounting . " to business , Harry , " say Riddle , still smile broadly . " twice -- in your past , in my future -- we have meet . and twice I fail to kill you . how do you survive ? tell me everything . the longer you talk , " he add softly , " the longer you stay alive . " Harry be think fast , weigh his chance . Riddle have the wand . he , Harry , have Fawkes and the Sorting Hat , neither of which would be much good in a duel . it look bad , all right ... but the long Riddle stand there , the more life be dwindle out of Ginny ... and in the meantime , Harry notice suddenly , Riddle 's outline be become clear , more solid . ... if it have to be a fight between him and Riddle , better sooner than later . " no one know why you lose your power when you attack me , " say Harry abruptly . " I do n't know myself . but I know why you could n't kill me . because my mother die to save me . my common Muggle-born mother , " he add , shake with suppress rage . " she stop you kill me . and I have see the real you , I see you last year . you be a wreck . you be barely alive . that be where all your power get you . you be in hiding . you be ugly , you be foul -- " Riddle 's face contort . then he force it into an awful smile . " so . your mother die to save you . yes , that be a powerful counter-charm . I can see now ... there be nothing special about you , after all . I wonder , you see . there be strange likeness between us , after all . even you must have notice . both half-blood , orphan , raise by Muggles . probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts since the great Slytherin himself . we even look something alike ... but after all , it be merely a lucky chance that save you from me . that be all I want to know . " Harry stand , tense , wait for Riddle to raise his wand . but Riddle 's twisted smile be widen again . " now , Harry , I be go to teach you a little lesson . let be match the power of Lord Voldemort , Heir of Salazar Slytherin , against famous Harry Potter , and the good weapon Dumbledore can give him . ... " he cast an amused eye over Fawkes and the Sorting Hat , then walk away . Harry , fear spread up his numb leg , watch Riddle stop between the high pillar and look up into the stone face of Slytherin , high above him in the half-darkness . Riddle open his mouth wide and hiss -- but Harry understand what he be say . ... " Speak to me , Slytherin , great of the Hogwarts Four . " Harry wheel around to look up at the statue , Fawkes swaying on his shoulder . Slytherin 's gigantic stone face be move . Horrorstruck , Harry see his mouth opening , wide and wide , to make a huge black hole . and something be stir inside the statue 's mouth . something be slither up from its depth . Harry back away until he hit the dark Chamber wall , and as he shut his eye tight he feel Fawkes ' wing sweep his cheek as he take flight . Harry want to shout , " do n't leave me ! " but what chance do a phoenix have against the king of serpent ? something huge hit the stone floor of the Chamber . Harry feel it shudder -- he know what be happen , he could sense it , could almost see the giant serpent uncoil itself from Slytherin 's mouth . then he hear Riddle 's hiss voice : " kill him . " the basilisk be move toward Harry ; he could hear its heavy body slither heavily across the dusty floor . eye still tightly shut , Harry begin to run blindly sideways , his hand outstretch , feel his way -- Voldemort be laugh - Harry trip . he fall hard onto the stone and taste blood -- the serpent be barely foot from him , he could hear it come - there be a loud , explosive spit sound right above him , and then something heavy hit Harry so hard that he be smash into the wall . wait for fang to sink through his body he hear more mad hiss , something thrashing wildly off the pillar - he could n't help it -- he open his eye wide enough to squint at what be go on . the enormous serpent , bright , poisonous green , thick as an oak trunk , have raise itself high in the air and its great blunt head be weave drunkenly between the pillar . as Harry tremble , ready to close his eye if it turn , he see what have distract the snake . Fawkes be soar around its head , and the basilisk be snap furiously at him with fang long and thin as saber - Fawkes dive . his long golden beak sink out of sight and a sudden shower of dark blood spatter the floor . the snake 's tail thrash , narrowly miss Harry , and before Harry could shut his eye , it turn -- Harry look straight into its face and see that its eye , both its great , bulbous yellow eye , have be puncture by the phoenix ; blood be stream to the floor , and the snake be spit in agony . " no ! " Harry hear Riddle scream . " leave the Bird ! leave the Bird ! the Boy be BEHIND you ! you Can Still SMELL HIM ! kill HIM ! " the blind serpent sway , confuse , still deadly . Fawkes be circle its head , pipe his eerie song , jab here and there at its scaly nose as the blood pour from its ruin eye . " help me , help me , " Harry mutter wildly , " someone -- anyone -- " the snake 's tail whip across the floor again . Harry duck . something soft hit his face . the basilisk have sweep the Sorting Hat into Harry 's arm . Harry seize it . it be all he have leave , his only chance -- he ram it onto his head and throw himself flat onto the floor as the basilisk 's tail swing over him again . help me -- help me -- Harry think , his eye screw tight under the hat . please help me - there be no answering voice . instead , the hat contract , as though an invisible hand be squeeze it very tightly . something very hard and heavy thud onto the top of Harry 's head , almost knock him out . star wink in front of his eye , he grab the top of the hat to pull it off and feel something long and hard beneath it . a gleam silver sword have appear inside the hat , its handle glitter with ruby the size of egg . " kill the Boy ! leave the Bird ! the Boy be BEHIND you ! sniff -- SMELL HIM ! " Harry be on his foot , ready . the basilisk 's head be fall , its body coil around , hit pillar as it twist to face him . he could see the vast , bloody eye socket , see the mouth stretch wide , wide enough to swallow him whole , line with fang long as his sword , thin , glitter , venomous - it lunge blindly -- Harry dodge and it hit the Chamber wall . it lunge again , and its forked tongue lash Harry 's side . he raise the sword in both his hand - the basilisk lunge again , and this time its aim be true -- Harry throw his whole weight behind the sword and drive it to the hilt into the roof of the serpent 's mouth - but as warm blood drench Harry 's arm , he feel a searing pain just above his elbow . one long , poisonous fang be sink deep and deep into his arm and it splinter as the basilisk keel over sideways and fall , twitch , to the floor . Harry slide down the wall . he grip the fang that be spread poison through his body and wrench it out of his arm . but he know it be too late . white-hot pain be spread slowly and steadily from the wound . even as he drop the fang and watch his own blood soak his robe , his vision go foggy . the Chamber be dissolve in a whirl of dull color . a patch of scarlet swim past , and Harry hear a soft clatter of claw beside him . " Fawkes , " say Harry thickly . " you be fantastic , Fawkes . ... " he feel the bird lie its beautiful head on the spot where the serpent 's fang have pierce him . he could hear echo footstep and then a dark shadow move in front of him . " you be dead , Harry Potter , " say Riddle 's voice above him . " dead . even Dumbledore 's bird know it . do you see what he be do , Potter ? he be cry . " Harry blink . Fawkes 's head slide in and out of focus . thick , pearly tear be trickle down the glossy feather . " I be go to sit here and watch you die , Harry Potter . take your time . I be in no hurry . " Harry feel drowsy . everything around him seem to be spinning . " so end the famous Harry Potter , " say Riddle 's distant voice . " alone in the Chamber of Secrets , forsake by his friend , defeat at last by the Dark Lord he so unwisely challenge . you will be back with your dear Mudblood mother soon , Harry . ... she buy you twelve year of borrow time ... but Lord Voldemort get you in the end , as you know he must . ... " if this be die , think Harry , it be not so bad . even the pain be leave him . ... but be this die ? instead of go black , the Chamber seem to be come back into focus . Harry give his head a little shake and there be Fawkes , still rest his head on Harry 's arm . a pearly patch of tear be shine all around the wound -- except that there be no wound - " get away , bird , " say Riddle 's voice suddenly . " get away from him -- I say , getaway -- " Harry raise his head . riddle be point Harry 's wand at Fawkes ; there be a bang like a gun , and Fawkes take flight again in a whirl of gold and scarlet . " Phoenix tear ... " say Riddle quietly , stare at Harry 's arm . " of course ... heal power ... I forget ... " he look into Harry 's face . " but it make no difference . in fact , I prefer it this way . just you and me , Harry Potter ... you and me . ... " he raise the wand - then , in a rush of wing , Fawkes have soar back overhead and something fall into Harry 's lap -- the diary . for a split second , both Harry and Riddle , wand still raise , stare at it . then , without thinking , without consider , as though he have mean to do it all along , Harry seize the basilisk fang on the floor next to him and plunge it straight into the heart of the book . there be a long , dreadful , piercing scream . ink spurt out of the diary in torrent , stream over Harry 's hand , flood the floor . riddle be writhe and twist , scream and flail and then - he have go . Harry 's wand fall to the floor with a clatter and there be silence . silence except for the steady drip drip of ink still ooze from the diary . the basilisk venom have burn a sizzling hole right through it . shake all over , Harry pull himself up . his head be spin as though he have just travel mile by Floo powder . slowly , he gather together his wand and the Sorting Hat , and , with a huge tug , retrieve the glitter sword from the roof of the basilisk 's mouth . then come a faint moan from the end of the Chamber . Ginny be stir . as Harry hurry toward her , she sit up . her bemused eye travel from the huge form of the dead basilisk , over Harry , in his blood-soaked robe , then to the diary in his hand . she draw a great , shudder gasp and tear begin to pour down her face . " Harry -- oh , Harry -- I try to tell you at b-breakfast , but I c-could n't say it in front of Percy -- it be me , Harry -- but I -- I s-swear I d-did n't mean to -- R-Riddle make me , he t-took me over -- and -- how do you kill that -- that thing ? W-where 's Riddle ? the last thing I r-remember be him come out of the diary -- " " it be all right , " say Harry , hold up the diary , and show Ginny the fang hole , " Riddle 's finish . look ! him and the basilisk . C'mon , Ginny , let be get out of here -- " " I be go to be expel ! " Ginny weep as Harry help her awkwardly to her foot . " I have look forward to come to Hogwarts ever since B-Bill come and n-now I will have to leave and -- w-what will Mum and Dad say ? " Fawkes be wait for them , hover in the Chamber entrance . Harry urge Ginny forward ; they step over the motionless coil of the dead basilisk , through the echo gloom , and back into the tunnel . Harry hear the stone door close behind them with a soft hiss . after a few minute ' progress up the dark tunnel , a distant sound of slowly shift rock reach Harry 's ear . " Ron ! " Harry yell , speed up . " Ginny 's okay ! I have get her ! " he hear Ron give a strangle cheer , and they turn the next bend to see his eager face stare through the sizable gap he have manage to make in the rockfall . " Ginny ! " Ron thrust an arm through the gap in the rock to pull her through first . " you be alive ! I do n't believe it ! what happen ? how -- what -- where do that bird come from ? " Fawkes have swoop through the gap after Ginny . " he be Dumbledore 's , " say Harry , squeeze through himself . " how come you have get a sword ? " say Ron , gape at the glitter weapon in Harry 's hand . " I will explain when we get out of here , " say Harry with a sideways glance at Ginny , who be cry harder than ever . " but -- " " Later , " Harry say shortly . he do n't think it be a good idea to tell Ron yet who have be open the Chamber , not in front of Ginny , anyway . " where be Lockhart ? " " back there , " say Ron , still look puzzle but jerk his head up the tunnel toward the pipe . " he be in a bad way . come and see . " lead by Fawkes , whose wide scarlet wing emit a soft golden glow in the darkness , they walk all the way back to the mouth of the pipe . Gilderoy Lockhart be sit there , hum placidly to himself . " his memory be go , " say Ron . " the Memory Charm backfire . hit him instead of us . have n't get a clue who he be , or where he be , or who we be . I tell him to come and wait here . he be a danger to himself . " Lockhart peer good-naturedly up at them all . " hello , " he say . " odd sort of place , this , be n't it ? do you live here ? " " no , " say Ron , raise his eyebrow at Harry . Harry bend down and look up the long , dark pipe . " have you think how we be go to get back up this ? " he say to Ron . Ron shake his head , but Fawkes the phoenix have swoop past Harry and be now flutter in front of him , his beady eye bright in the dark . he be wave his long golden tail feather . Harry look uncertainly at him . " he look like he want you to grab hold ... " say Ron , look perplex . " but you be much too heavy for a bird to pull up there -- " " Fawkes , " say Harry , " be n't an ordinary bird . " he turn quickly to the other . " we have get to hold on to each other . Ginny , grab Ron 's hand . Professor Lockhart -- " " he mean you , " say Ron sharply to Lockhart . " you hold Ginny 's other hand -- " Harry tuck the sword and the Sorting Hat into his belt , Ron take hold of the back of Harry 's robe , and Harry reach out and take hold of Fawkes 's strangely hot tail feather . an extraordinary lightness seem to spread through his whole body and the next second , in a rush of wing , they be fly upward through the pipe . Harry could hear Lockhart dangle below him , say , " amazing ! amazing ! this be just like magic ! " the chill air be whip through Harry 's hair , and before he have stop enjoy the ride , it be over -- all four of them be hit the wet floor of Moaning Myrtle 's bathroom , and as Lockhart straighten his hat , the sink that hide the pipe be slide back into place . Myrtle goggle at them . " you be alive , " she say blankly to Harry . " there be no need to sound so disappointed , " he say grimly , wipe fleck of blood and slime off his glass . " oh , well ... I have just be think ... if you have die , you will have be welcome to share my toilet , " say Myrtle , blush silver . " urgh ! " say Ron as they leave the bathroom for the dark , desert corridor outside . " Harry ! I think Myrtle 's grow fond of you ! you have get competition , Ginny ! " but tear be still flood silently down Ginny 's face . " where now ? " say Ron , with an anxious look at Ginny . Harry point . Fawkes be lead the way , glow gold along the corridor . they stride after him , and moment later , find themselves outside Professor McGonagall 's office . Harry knock and push the door open . Dobby 's Reward for a moment there be silence as Harry , Ron , Ginny , and Lockhart stand in the doorway , cover in muck and slime and ( in Harry 's case ) blood . then there be a scream . " Ginny ! " it be Mrs. Weasley , who have be sit cry in front of the fire . she leap to her foot , closely follow by Mr. Weasley , and both of them fling themselves on their daughter . Harry , however , be look past them . Professor Dumbledore be stand by the mantelpiece , beaming , next to Professor McGonagall , who be take great , steady gasp , clutch her chest . Fawkes go whoosh past Harry 's ear and settle on Dumbledore 's shoulder , just as Harry find himself and Ron be sweep into Mrs. Weasley 's tight embrace . " you save her ! you save her ! how do you do it ? " " I think we will all like to know that , " say Professor McGonagall weakly . Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry , who hesitate for a moment , then walk over to the desk and lay upon it the Sorting Hat , the ruby-encrusted sword , and what remain of Riddle 's diary . then he start tell them everything . for nearly a quarter of an hour he speak into the rapt silence : he tell them about hear the disembodied voice , how Hermione have finally realize that he be hear a basilisk in the pipe ; how he and Ron have follow the spider into the forest , that Aragog have tell them where the last victim of the basilisk have die ; how he have guess that Moaning Myrtle have be the victim , and that the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets might be in her bathroom . ... " Very well , " Professor McGonagall prompt him as he pause , " so you find out where the entrance be -- break a hundred school rule into piece along the way , I might add -- but how on earth do you all get out of there alive , Potter ? " so Harry , his voice now grow hoarse from all this talking , tell them about Fawkes 's timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat give him the sword . but then he falter . he have so far avoid mention Riddle 's diary -- or Ginny . she be stand with her head against Mrs. Weasley 's shoulder , and tear be still course silently down her cheek . what if they expel her ? Harry think in panic . Riddle 's diary do n't work anymore . ... how could they prove it have be he who have make her do it all ? instinctively , Harry look at Dumbledore , who smile faintly , the firelight glance off his half-moon spectacle . " what interest me most , " say Dumbledore gently , " be how Lord Voldemort manage to enchant Ginny , when my source tell me he be currently in hide in the forest of Albania . " relief -- warm , sweeping , glorious relief -- sweep over Harry . " W-what be that ? " say Mr. Weasley in a stun voice . " You-Know-Who ? En-enchant Ginny ? but Ginny 's not ... Ginny have n't be ... have she ? " " it be this diary , " say Harry quickly , pick it up and show it to Dumbledore . " Riddle write it when he be sixteen . ... " Dumbledore take the diary from Harry and peer keenly down his long , crooked nose at its burnt and soggy page . " brilliant , " he say softly . " of course , he be probably the most brilliant student Hogwarts have ever see . " he turn around to the Weasleys , who be look utterly bewilder . " very few people know that Lord Voldemort be once call Tom Riddle . I teach him myself , fifty year ago , at Hogwarts . he disappear after leave the school ... travel far and wide ... sink so deeply into the Dark Arts , consort with the very bad of our kind , undergo so many dangerous , magical transformation , that when he resurface as Lord Voldemort , he be barely recognizable . hardly anyone connect Lord Voldemort with the clever , handsome boy who be once Head Boy here . " " but , Ginny , " say Mrs. Weasley . " what be our Ginny get to do with -- with -- him ? " " his d-diary ! " Ginny sob . " I have b-been write in it , and he have be w-writing back all year -- " " Ginny ! " say Mr. Weasley , flabbergast . " have n't I teach you anything ? what have I always tell you ? never trust anything that can think for itself if you ca n't see where it keep its brain . why do n't you show the diary to me , or your mother ? a suspicious object like that , it be clearly full of Dark Magic -- " " I d-did n't know , " sob Ginny . " I find it inside one of the book Mum get me . I th-thought someone have just leave it in there and forget about it -- " " Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right away , " Dumbledore interrupt in a firm voice . " this have be a terrible ordeal for her . there will be no punishment . old and wise wizard than she have be hoodwink by Lord Voldemort . " he stride over to the door and open it . " bed rest and perhaps a large , steam mug of hot chocolate . I always find that cheer me up , " he add , twinkle kindly down at her . " you will find that Madam Pomfrey be still awake . she be just give out Mandrake juice -- @card@ daresay the basilisk 's victim will be wake up any moment . " " so Hermione 's okay ! " say Ron brightly . " there have be no lasting harm do , Ginny , " say Dumbledore . Mrs. Weasley lead Ginny out , and Mr. Weasley follow , still look deeply shake . " you know , Minerva , " Professor Dumbledore say thoughtfully to Professor McGonagall , " I think all this merit a good feast . might I ask you to go and alert the kitchen ? " " right , " say Professor McGonagall crisply , also move to the door . " I will leave you to deal with Potter and Weasley , shall I ? " " certainly , " say Dumbledore . she leave , and Harry and Ron gaze uncertainly at Dumbledore . what exactly have Professor McGonagall mean , deal with them ? surely -- surely -- they be n't about to be punish ? " I seem to remember tell you both that I would have to expel you if you break any more school rule , " say Dumbledore . Ron open his mouth in horror . " which go to show that the good of us must sometimes eat our word , " Dumbledore go on , smile . " you will both receive special award for Services to the school and -- let me see -- yes , I think two hundred point apiece for Gryffindor . " Ron go as brightly pink as Lockhart 's valentine flower and close his mouth again . " but one of us seem to be keep mightily quiet about his part in this dangerous adventure , " Dumbledore add . " why so modest , Gilderoy ? " Harry give a start . he have completely forget about Lockhart . he turn and see that Lockhart be stand in a corner of the room , still wear his vague smile . when Dumbledore address him , Lockhart look over his shoulder to see who he be talk to . " Professor Dumbledore , " Ron say quickly , " there be an accident down in the Chamber of Secrets . Professor Lockhart -- " " be I a professor ? " say Lockhart in mild surprise . " goodness . I expect I be hopeless , be I ? " " he try to do a Memory Charm and the wand backfire , " Ron explain quietly to Dumbledore . " dear me , " say Dumbledore , shake his head , his long silver mustache quiver . " impale upon your own sword , Gilderoy ! " " sword ? " say Lockhart dimly . " have n't get a sword . that boy have , though . " he point at Harry . " he will lend you one . " " would you mind take Professor Lockhart up to the infirmary , too ? " Dumbledore say to Ron . " I will like a few more word with Harry . ... " Lockhart amble out . Ron cast a curious look back at Dumbledore and Harry as he close the door . Dumbledore cross to one of the chair by the fire . " sit down , Harry , " he say , and Harry sit , feel unaccountably nervous . " first of all , Harry , I want to thank you , " say Dumbledore , eye twinkle again . " you must have show me real loyalty down in the Chamber . nothing but that could have call Fawkes to you . " he stroke the phoenix , which have flutter down onto his knee . Harry grin awkwardly as Dumbledore watch him . " and so you meet Tom Riddle , " say Dumbledore thoughtfully . " I imagine he be most interested in you . ... " suddenly , something that be nagging at Harry come tumble out of his mouth . " Professor Dumbledore ... Riddle say I be like him . strange likeness , he say . ... " " do he , now ? " say Dumbledore , look thoughtfully at Harry from under his thick silver eyebrow . " and what do you think , Harry ? " " I do n't think I be like him ! " say Harry , more loudly than he have intend . " I mean , I be -- I be in Gryffindor , I be ... " but he fall silent , a lurk doubt resurface in his mind . " professor , " he start again after a moment . " the Sorting Hat tell me I will -- I will have do well in Slytherin . everyone think I be Slytherin 's heir for a while ... because I can speak Parseltongue . ... " " you can speak Parseltongue , Harry , " say Dumbledore calmly , " because Lord Voldemort -- who be the last remain descendant of Salazar Slytherin -- can speak Parseltongue . unless I be much mistake , he transfer some of his own power to you the night he give you that scar . not something he intend to do , I be sure . ... " " Voldemort put a bit of himself in me ? " Harry say , thunderstruck . " it certainly seem so . " " so I should be in Slytherin , " Harry say , look desperately into Dumbledore 's face . " the Sorting Hat could see Slytherin 's power in me , and it -- " " put you in Gryffindor , " say Dumbledore calmly . " listen to me , Harry . you happen to have many quality Salazar Slytherin prize in his hand-picked student . his own very rare gift , Parseltongue -- resourcefulness -- determination -- a certain disregard for rule , " he add , his mustache quiver again . " yet the Sorting Hat place you in Gryffindor . you know why that be . think . " " it only put me in Gryffindor , " say Harry in a defeat voice , " because I ask not to go in Slytherin . ... " " exactly , " say Dumbledore , beam once more . " which make you very different from Tom Riddle . it be our choice , Harry , that show what we truly be , far more than our ability . " Harry sit motionless in his chair , stun . " if you want proof , Harry , that you belong in Gryffindor , I suggest you look more closely at this . " Dumbledore reach across to Professor McGonagall 's desk , pick up the blood-stained silver sword , and hand it to Harry . dully , Harry turn it over , the ruby blaze in the firelight . and then he see the name engrave just below the hilt . Godric Gryffindor . " only a true Gryffindor could have pull that out of the hat , Harry , " say Dumbledore simply . for a minute , neither of them speak . then Dumbledore pull open one of the drawers in Professor McGonagall 's desk and take out a quill and a bottle of ink . " what you need , Harry , be some food and sleep . I suggest you go down to the feast , while I write to Azkaban -- we need our gamekeeper back . and I must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet , too , " he add thoughtfully . " we will be need a new defense against the Dark Arts teacher . ... Dear me , we do seem to run through them , do n't we ? " Harry get up and cross to the door . he have just reach for the handle , however , when the door burst open so violently that it bounce back off the wall . Lucius Malfoy stand there , fury in his face . and cower behind his leg , heavily wrap in bandage , be Dobby . " good evening , Lucius , " say Dumbledore pleasantly . Mr. Malfoy almost knock Harry over as he sweep into the room . Dobby go scurry in after him , crouch at the hem of his cloak , a look of abject terror on his face . the elf be carry a stain rag with which he be attempt to finish clean Mr. Malfoy 's shoe . apparently Mr. Malfoy have set out in a great hurry , for not only be his shoe half-polished , but his usually sleek hair be dishevel . ignore the elf bob apologetically around his ankle , he fix his cold eye upon Dumbledore . " so ! " he say " you have come back . the governor suspend you , but you still see fit to return to Hogwarts . " " well , you see , Lucius , " say Dumbledore , smile serenely , " the other eleven governor contact me today . it be something like be catch in a hailstorm of owl , to tell the truth . they have hear that Arthur Weasley 's daughter have be kill and want me back here at once . they seem to think I be the good man for the job after all . very strange tale they tell me , too . ... several of them seem to think that you have threaten to curse their family if they do n't agree to suspend me in the first place . " Mr. Malfoy go even pale than usual , but his eye be still slit of fury . " so -- have you stop the attack yet ? " he sneer . " have you catch the culprit ? " " we have , " say Dumbledore , with a smile . " well ? " say Mr. Malfoy sharply . " who be it ? " " the same person as last time , Lucius , " say Dumbledore . " but this time , Lord Voldemort be act through somebody else . by mean of this diary . " he hold up the small black book with the large hole through the center , watch Mr. Malfoy closely . Harry , however , be watch Dobby . the elf be do something very odd . his great eye fix meaningfully on Harry , he keep point at the diary , then at Mr. Malfoy , and then hit himself hard on the head with his fist . " I see ... " say Mr. Malfoy slowly to Dumbledore . " a clever plan , " say Dumbledore in a level voice , still stare Mr. Malfoy straight in the eye . " because if Harry here " -- Mr. Malfoy shoot Harry a swift , sharp look -- " and his friend Ron have n't discover this book , why -- Ginny Weasley might have take all the blame . no one would ever have be able to prove she have n't act of her own free will . ... " Mr. Malfoy say nothing . his face be suddenly masklike . " and imagine , " Dumbledore go on , " what might have happen then . ... the Weasleys be one of our most prominent pure-blood family . imagine the effect on Arthur Weasley and his Muggle Protection Act , if his own daughter be discover attack and kill Muggle-borns . ... Very fortunate the diary be discover , and Riddle 's memory wipe from it . who know what the consequence might have be otherwise . ... " Mr. Malfoy force himself to speak . " very fortunate , " he say stiffly . and still , behind his back , Dobby be point , first to the diary , then to Lucius Malfoy , then punch himself in the head . and Harry suddenly understand . he nod at Dobby , and Dobby back into a corner , now twist his ear in punishment . " do n't you want to know how Ginny get hold of that diary , Mr. Malfoy ? " say Harry . Lucius Malfoy round on him . " how should I know how the stupid little girl get hold of it ? " he say . " because you give it to her , " say Harry . " in Flourish and Blotts . you pick up her old transfiguration book and slip the diary inside it , do n't you ? " he see Mr. Malfoy 's white hand clench and unclench . " prove it , " he hiss . " oh , no one will be able to do that , " say Dumbledore , smile at Harry . " not now that Riddle have vanish from the book . on the other hand , I would advise you , Lucius , not to go give out any more of Lord Voldemort 's old school thing . if any more of them find their way into innocent hand , I think Arthur Weasley , for one , will make sure they be trace back to you . ... " Lucius Malfoy stand for a moment , and Harry distinctly see his right hand twitch as though he be long to reach for his wand . instead , he turn to his house-elf . " we be go , Dobby ! " he wrench open the door and as the elf come hurry up to him , he kick him right through it . they could hear Dobby squeal with pain all the way along the corridor . Harry stand for a moment , think hard . then it come to him - " Professor Dumbledore , " he say hurriedly . " can I give that diary back to Mr. Malfoy , please ? " " certainly , Harry , " say Dumbledore calmly . " but hurry . the feast , remember . ... " Harry grab the diary and dash out of the office . he could hear Dobby 's squeal of pain recede around the corner . quickly , wonder if this plan could possibly work , Harry take off one of his shoe , pull off his slimy , filthy sock , and stuff the diary into it . then he run down the dark corridor . he catch up with them at the top of the stair . " Mr. Malfoy , " he gasp , skid to a halt , " I have get something for you -- " and he force the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoy 's hand . " what the -- ? " Mr. Malfoy rip the sock off the diary , throw it aside , then look furiously from the ruin book to Harry . " you will meet the same sticky end as your parent one of these day , Harry Potter , " he say softly . " they be meddlesome fool , too . " he turn to go . " come , Dobby . I say , come . " but Dobby do n't move . he be hold up Harry 's disgusting , slimy sock , and look at it as though it be a priceless treasure . " master have give a sock , " say the elf in wonderment . " Master give it to Dobby . " " what be that ? " spit Mr. Malfoy . " what do you say ? " " get a sock , " say Dobby in disbelief . " Master throw it , and Dobby catch it , and Dobby -- Dobby be free . " Lucius Malfoy stand freeze , stare at the elf . then he lunge at Harry . " you have lose me my servant , boy ! " but Dobby shout , " you shall not harm Harry Potter ! " there be a loud bang , and Mr. Malfoy be throw backward . he crash down the stair , three at a time , landing in a crumpled heap on the landing below . he get up , his face livid , and pull out his wand , but Dobby raise a long , threatening finger . " you shall go now , " he say fiercely , point down at Mr. Malfoy . " you shall not touch Harry Potter . you shall go now . " Lucius Malfoy have no choice . with a last , incensed stare at the pair of them , he swing his cloak around him and hurry out of sight . " Harry Potter free Dobby ! " say the elf shrilly , gaze up at Harry , moonlight from the near window reflect in his orb-like eye . " Harry Potter set Dobby free ! " " least I could do , Dobby , " say Harry , grin . " just promise never to try and save my life again . " the elf 's ugly brown face split suddenly into a wide , toothy smile . " I have just get one question , Dobby , " say Harry as Dobby pull on Harry 's sock with shake hand . " you tell me all this have nothing to do with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named , remember ? well -- " " it be a clue , sir , " say Dobby , his eye widening , as though this be obvious . " be give you a clue . the Dark Lord , before he change his name , could be freely name , you see ? " " right , " say Harry weakly . " well , I will well go . there be a feast , and my friend Hermione should be awake by now . ... " Dobby throw his arm around Harry 's middle and hug him . " Harry Potter be great by far than Dobby know ! " he sob . " farewell , Harry Potter ! " and with a final loud crack , Dobby disappear . Harry have be to several Hogwarts feast , but never one quite like this . everybody be in their pajamas , and the celebration last all night . Harry do n't know whether the good bit be Hermione run toward him , scream " you solve it ! you solve it ! " or Justin hurry over from the Hufflepuff table to wring his hand and apologize endlessly for suspect him , or Hagrid turn up at half past three , cuff Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulder that they be knock into their plate of trifle , or his and Ron 's four hundred point for Gryffindor secure the House Cup for the second year run , or Professor McGonagall stand up to tell them all that the exam have be cancel as a school treat ( " oh , no ! " say Hermione ) , or Dumbledore announce that , unfortunately , Professor Lockhart would be unable to return next year , owe to the fact that he need to go away and get his memory back . quite a few of the teacher join in the cheer that greet this news . " shame , " say Ron , help himself to a jam doughnut . " he be start to grow on me . " the rest of the final term pass in a haze of blaze sunshine . Hogwarts be back to normal with only a few , small difference -- Defense against the dark Arts class be cancel ( " but we have have plenty of practice at that anyway , " Ron tell a disgruntled Hermione ) and Lucius Malfoy have be sack as a school governor . Draco be no longer strut around the school as though he own the place . on the contrary , he look resentful and sulky . on the other hand , Ginny Weasley be perfectly happy again . too soon , it be time for the journey home on the Hogwarts Express . Harry , Ron , Hermione , Fred , George , and Ginny get a compartment to themselves . they make the most of the last few hour in which they be allow to do magic before the holiday . they play Exploding Snap , set off the very last of Fred and George 's Filibuster firework , and practice disarm each other by magic . Harry be get very good at it . they be almost at King 's Cross when Harry remember something . " Ginny -- what do you see Percy do , that he do n't want you to tell anyone ? " " oh , that , " say Ginny , giggle . " well -- Percy 's get a girlfriend . " Fred drop a stack of book on George 's head . " what ? " " it be that Ravenclaw prefect , Penelope Clearwater , " say Ginny . " that be who he be write to all last summer . he have be meet her all over the school in secret . I walk in on them kiss in an empty classroom one day . he be so upset when she be -- you know -- attack . you wo n't tease him , will you ? " she add anxiously . " would n't dream of it , " say Fred , who be look like his birthday have come early . " definitely not , " say George , snigger . the Hogwarts Express slow and finally stop . Harry pull out his quill and a bit of parchment and turn to Ron and Hermione . " this be call a telephone number , " he tell Ron , scribble it twice , tear the parchment in two , and hand it to them . " I tell your dad how to use a telephone last summer -- he will know . call me at the Dursley ' , okay ? I ca n't stand another two month with only Dudley to talk to . ... " " your aunt and uncle will be proud , though , wo n't they ? " say Hermione as they get off the train and join the crowd throng toward the enchant barrier . " when they hear what you do this year ? " proud ? " say Harry . " be you crazy ? all those time I could have die , and I do n't manage it ? they will be furious . ... " and together they walk back through the gateway to the Muggle world .
