Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Chapter One the Dark Lord Ascending the two man appear out of nowhere , a few yard apart in the narrow , moonlit lane . for a second they stand quite still , wand direct at each other 's chest ; then , recognize each other , they stow their wand beneath their cloak and start walk briskly in the same direction . " news ? " ask the tall of the two . " the good , " reply Severus Snape . the lane be border on the left by wild , low-growing bramble , on the right by a high , neatly manicure hedge . the man 's long cloak flap around their ankle as they march . " think I might be late , " say Yaxley , his blunt feature slide in and out of sight as the branch of overhang tree break the moonlight . " it be a little tricky than I expect . but I hope he will be satisfy . you sound confident that your reception will be good ? " Snape nod , but do not elaborate . they turn right , into a wide driveway that lead off the lane . the high hedge curve into them , run off into the distance beyond the pair of impose wrought-iron gate bar the man 's way . neither of them break step : in silence both raise their left arm in a kind of salute and pass straight through , as though the dark metal be smoke . the yew hedge muffle the sound of the man 's footstep . there be a rustle somewhere to their right : Yaxley draw his wand again point it over his companion 's head , but the source of the noise prove to be nothing more than a pure-white peacock , strut majestically along the top of the hedge . " he always do himself well , Lucius . peacock … " Yaxley thrust his wand back under his cloak with a snort . a handsome manor house grow out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive , light glint in the diamond paned downstairs window . somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge a fountain be play . Gravel crackle beneath their foot as Snape and Yaxley speed toward the front door , which swing inward at their approach , though nobody have visibly open it . the hallway be large , dimly light , and sumptuously decorate , with a magnificent carpet cover most of the stone floor . the eye of the pale-faced portrait on the wall follow Snape and Yaxley as they stride past . the two man halt at a heavy wooden door lead into the next room , hesitate for the space of a heartbeat , then Snape turn the bronze handle . the drawing room be full of silent people , sit at a long and ornate table . the room 's usual furniture have be push carelessly up against the wall . illumination come from a roar fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmount by a gilded mirror . Snape and Yaxley linger for a moment on the threshold . as their eye grow accustom to the lack of light , they be draw upward to the strange feature of the scene : an apparently unconscious human figure hang upside down over the table , revolve slowly as if suspend by an invisible rope , and reflect in the mirror and in the bare , polished surface of the table below . none of the people seat underneath this singular sight be look at it except for a pale young man sit almost directly below it . he seem unable to prevent himself from glance upward every minute or so . " Yaxley . Snape , " say a high , clear voice from the head of the table . " you be very nearly late . " the speaker be seat directly in front of the fireplace , so that it be difficult , at first , for the new arrival to make out more than his silhouette . as they draw near , however , his face shine through the gloom , hairless , snakelike , with slit for nostril and gleam red eye whose pupil be vertical . he be so pale that he seem to emit a pearly glow . " Severus , here , " say Voldemort , indicate the seat on his immediate right . " Yaxley - beside Dolohov . " the two man take their allot place . most of the eye around the table follow Snape , and it be to him that Voldemort speak first . " so ? " " my Lord , the order of the Phoenix intend to move Harry Potter from his current place of safety on Saturday next , at nightfall . " the interest around the table sharpen palpably : some stiffen , other fidget , all gaze at Snape and Voldemort . " Saturday … at nightfall , " repeat Voldemort . his red eye fasten upon Snape 's black one with such intensity that some of the watcher look away , apparently fearful that they themselves would be scorch by the ferocity of the gaze . Snape , however , look calmly back into Voldemort 's face and , after a moment or two , Voldemort 's lipless mouth curve into something like a smile . " good . very good . and this information come - " " - from the source we discuss , " say Snape . " my Lord . " Yaxley have lean forward to look down the long table at Voldemort and Snape . all face turn to him . " My Lord , I have hear differently . " Yaxley wait , but Voldemort do not speak , so he go on , " Dawlish , the Auror , let slip that Potter will not be move until the thirtieth , the night before the boy turn seventeen . " Snape be smile . " my source tell me that there be plan to lay a false trail ; this must be it . no doubt a Confundus Charm have be place upon Dawlish . it would not be the first time ; he be know to be susceptible . " " I assure you , my Lord , Dawlish seem quite certain , " say Yaxley . " if he have be Confunded , naturally he be certain , " say Snape . " I assure you , Yaxley , the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter . the Order believe that we have infiltrate the Ministry . " " the Order 's get one thing right , then , eh ? " say a squat man sit a short distance from Yaxley ; he give a wheezy giggle that be echo here and there along the table . Voldemort do not laugh . his gaze have wander upward to the body revolve slowly overhead , and he seem to be lose in thought . " My Lord , " Yaxley go on , " Dawlish believe an entire party of Aurors will be use to transfer the boy - " Voldemort hold up a large white hand , and Yaxley subside at once , watch resentfully as Voldemort turn back to Snape . " where be they go to hide the boy next ? " " at the home of one of the order , " say Snape . " the place , accord to the source , have be give every protection that the Order and Ministry together could provide . I think that there be little chance of take him once he be there , my Lord , unless , of course , the Ministry have fall before next Saturday , which might give us the opportunity to discover and undo enough of the enchantment to break through the rest . " " well , Yaxley ? " Voldemort call down the table , the firelight glint strangely in his red eye . " will the Ministry have fall by next Saturday ? " once again , all head turn . Yaxley square his shoulder . " My Lord , I have good news on that score . I have - with difficulty , and after great effort - succeed in place an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse . " many of those sitting around Yaxley look impress ; his neighbor , Dolohov , a man with a long , twisted face , clap him on the back . " it be a start , " say Voldemort . " but Thicknesse be only one man . Scrimgeour must be surround by our people before I act . one fail attempt on the Minister 's life will set me back a long way . " " yes - my Lord , that be true - but you know , as Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement , Thicknesse have regular contact not only with the Minister himself , but also with the Heads of all the other Ministry department . it will , I think , be easy now that we have such a high-ranking official under our control , to subjugate the other , and then they can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down . " " as long as our friend Thicknesse be not discover before he have convert the rest , " say Voldemort . " at any rate , it remain unlikely that the Ministry will be mine before next Saturday . if we can touch the boy at his destination , then it must be do while he travel . " " we be at an advantage there , my Lord , " say Yaxley , who seem determine to receive some portion of approval . " we now have several people plant within the Department of Magical Transport . if Potter Apparates or use the Floo Network , we shall know immediately . " " he will not do either , " say Snape . " the order be eschew any form of transport that be control or regulate by the Ministry ; they mistrust everything to do with the place . " " all the good , " say Voldemort . " he will have to move in the open . easy to take , by far . " again , Voldemort look up at the slowly revolving body as he go on , " I shall attend to the boy in person . there have be too many mistake where Harry Potter be concern . some of them have be my own . that Potter life be due more to my error than to his triumph . " the company around the table watch Voldemort apprehensively , each of them , by his or her expression , afraid that they might be blame for Harry Potter 's continued existence . Voldemort , however , seem to be speak more to himself than to any of them , still address the unconscious body above him . " I have be careless , and so have be thwart by luck and chance , those wrecker of all but the best-laid plan . but I know well now . I understand those thing that I do not understand before . I must be the one to kill Harry Potter , and I shall be . " at these word , seemingly in response to them , a sudden wail sound , a terrible , drawn-out cry of misery and pain . many of those at the table look downward , startle , for the sound have seem to issue from below their foot . " Wormtail , " say Voldemort , with no change in his quiet , thoughtful tone , and without remove his eye from the revolving body above , " have I not speak to you about keep our prisoner quiet ? " " yes , m-my Lord , " gasp a small man halfway down the table , who have be sit so low in his chair that it appear , at first glance , to be unoccupied . now he scramble from his seat and scurry from the room , leave nothing behind him but a curious gleam of silver . " as I be say , " continue Voldemort , look again at the tense face of his follower , " I understand well now . I shall need , for instance , to borrow a wand from one of you before I go to kill Potter . " the face around him display nothing but shock ; he might have announce that he want to borrow one of their arm . " no volunteer ? " say Voldemort . " let be see … Lucius , I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore . " Lucius Malfoy look up . his skin appear yellowish and waxy in the firelight , and his eye be sink and shadow . when he speak , his voice be hoarse . " My Lord ? " " your wand , Lucius . I require your wand . " " I … " Malfoy glance sideways at his wife . she be stare straight ahead , quite as pale as he be , her long blonde hair hang down her back , but beneath the table her slim finger close briefly on his wrist . at her touch , Malfoy put his hand into his robe , withdraw a wand , and pass it along to Voldemort , who hold it up in front of his red eye , examine it closely . " what be it ? " " Elm , my Lord , " whisper Malfoy . " and the core ? " " Dragon - dragon heartstring . " " good , " say Voldemort . he draw out his wand and compare the length . Lucius Malfoy make an involuntary movement ; for a fraction of a second , it seem he expect to receive Voldemort 's wand in exchange for his own . the gesture be not miss by Voldemort , whose eye widen maliciously . " give you my wand , Lucius ? my wand ? " some of the throng snigger . " I have give you your liberty , Lucius , be that not enough for you ? but I have notice that you and your family seem less than happy of late … what be it about my presence in your home that displace you , Lucius ? " " nothing - nothing , my Lord ! " " such Lucius … " the soft voice seem to hiss on even after the cruel mouth have stop move . one or two of the wizard barely repress a shudder as the hiss grow louder ; something heavy could be hear slide across the floor beneath the table . the huge snake emerge to climb slowly up Voldemort 's chair . it rise , seemingly endlessly , and come to rest across Voldemort 's shoulder : its neck the thickness of a man 's thigh ; its eye , with their vertical slit for pupil , unblinking . Voldemort stroke the creature absently with long thin finger , still look at Lucius Malfoy . " why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with their lot ? be my return , my rise to power , not the very thing they profess to desire for so many year ? " " of course , my Lord , " say Lucius Malfoy . his hand shake as he wipe sweat from his upper lip . " we do desire it - we do . " to Malfoy 's left , his wife make an odd , stiff nod , her eye avert from Voldemort and the snake . to his right , his son , Draco , who have be gaze up at the inert body overhead , glance quickly at Voldemort and away again , terrify to make eye contact . " My Lord , " say a dark woman halfway down the table , her voice constrict with emotion , " it be an honor to have you here , in our family 's house . there can be no high pleasure . " she sit beside her sister , as unlike her in look , with her dark hair and heavily lidded eye , as she be in bearing and demeanor ; where Narcissa sit rigid and impassive , Bellatrix lean toward Voldemort , for mere word could not demonstrate her longing for closeness . " no high pleasure , " repeat Voldemort , his head tilt a little to one side as he consider Bellatrix . " that mean a great deal , Bellatrix , from you . " her face flood with color ; her eye well with tear of delight . " My Lord know I speak nothing but the truth ! " " no high pleasure … even compare with the happy event that , I hear , have take place in your family this week ? " she stare at him , her lip part , evidently confuse . " I do n't know what you mean , my Lord . " " I be talk about your niece , Bellatrix . and yours , Lucius and Narcissa . she have just marry the werewolf , Remus Lupin . you must be so proud . " there be an eruption of jeer laughter from around the table . many lean forward to exchange gleeful look ; a few thump the table with their fist . the giant snake , dislike the disturbance , open its mouth wide and hiss angrily , but the Death Eaters do not hear it , so jubilant be they at Bellatrix and the Malfoys ' humiliation . Bellatrix 's face , so recently flush wit happiness , have turn an ugly , blotchy red . " she be no niece of ours , my Lord , " she cry over the outpouring of mirth . " we - Narcissa and I - have never set eye on our sister since she marry the Mudblood . this brat have nothing to do with either of us , nor any beast she marry . " " what say you , Draco ? " ask Voldemort , and though his voice be quiet , it carry clearly through the catcall and jeer . " will you babysit the cub ? " the hilarity mount ; Draco Malfoy look in terror at his father , who be stare down into his own lap , then catch his mother 's eye . she shake her head almost imperceptibly , then resume her own deadpan stare at the opposite wall . " enough , " say Voldemort , stroke the angry snake . " enough . " and the laughter die at once . " many of our old family tree become a little diseased over time , " he say as Bellatrix gaze at him , breathless and implore , " you must prune yours , must you not , to keep it healthy ? cut away those part that threaten the health of the rest . " " yes , my Lord , " whisper Bellatrix , and her eye swim with tear of gratitude again . " at the first chance ! " " you shall have it , " say Voldemort . " and in your family , so in the world … we shall cut away the canker that infect us until only those of the true blood remain … " Voldemort raise Lucius Malfoy 's wand , point it directly at the slowly revolving figure suspend over the table , and give it a tiny flick . the figure come to life with a groan and begin to struggle against invisible bond . " do you recognize our guest , Severus ? " ask Voldemort . Snape raise his eye to the upside down face . all of the Death Eaters be look up at the captive now , as though they have be give permission to show curiosity . as she revolve to face the firelight , the woman say in a crack and terrify voice , " Severus ! help me ! " " ah , yes , " say Snape as the prisoner turn slowly away again . " and you , Draco ? " ask Voldemort , stroke the snake 's snout with his wandfree hand . Draco shake his head jerkily . now that the woman have wake , he seem unable to look at her anymore . " but you would not have take her class , " say Voldemort . " for those of you who do not know , we be join here tonight by Charity Burbage who , until recently , teach at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . " there be small noise of comprehension around the table . a broad , hunch woman with pointed tooth cackle . " yes … Professor Burbage teach the child of witch and wizard all about Muggles … how they be not so different from us … " one of the Death Eaters spit on the floor . Charity Burbage revolve to face Snape again . " Severus … please … please … " " Silence , " say Voldemort , with another twitch of Malfoy 's wand , and Charity fall silent as if gag . " not content with corrupt and pollute the mind of Wizarding child , last week Professor Burbage write an impassioned defense of Mudbloods in the Daily Prophet . wizard , she say , must accept these thief of their knowledge and magic . the dwindle of the purebloods be , say Professor Burbage , a most desirable circumstance … she would have us all mate with Muggles … or , no doubt , werewolf … " nobody laugh this time . there be no mistake the anger and contempt in Voldemort 's voice . for the third time , Charity Burbage revolve to face Snape . tear be pour from her eye into her hair . Snape look back at her , quite impassive , as she turn slowly away from him again . " Avada Kedavra " the flash of green light illuminate every corner of the room . charity fall , with a resounding crash , onto the table below , which tremble and creak . several of the Death Eaters leap back in their chair . Draco fall out of his onto the floor . " dinner , Nagini , " say Voldemort softly , and the great snake sway and slither from his shoulder onto the polished wood . Chapter Two in Memorandum Harry be bleed . clutch his right hand in his left and swear under his breath , he shoulder open his bedroom door . there be a crunch of break china . he have tread on a cup of cold tea that have be sit on the floor outside his bedroom door . " what the -- ? " he look around , the landing of number four , Privet Drive , be desert . possibly the cup of tea be Dudley 's idea of a clever booby trap . keep his bleeding hand elevate , Harry scrape the fragment of cup together with the other hand and throw them into the already cram bin just visible inside his bedroom door . then he tramp across to the bathroom to run his finger under the tap . it be stupid , pointless , irritate beyond belief that he still have four day leave of be unable to perform magic…but he have to admit to himself that this jagged cut in his finger would have defeat him . he have never learn how to repair wound , and now he come to think of it - particularly in light of his immediate plan - this seem a serious flaw in his magical education . make a mental note to ask Hermione how it be do , he use a large wad of toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as he could before return to his bedroom and slam the door behind him . Harry have spend the morning completely empty his school trunk for the first time since he have pack it six year ago . at the start of the intervene school year , he have merely skim off the topmost three quarter of the content and replace or update them , leave a layer of general debris at the bottom - old quill , desiccated beetle eye , single sock that no longer fit . minute previously , Harry have plunge his hand into this mulch , experience a stab pain in the fourth finger of his right hand , and withdraw it to see a lot of blood . he now proceed a little more cautiously . kneel down beside the trunk again , he grope around in the bottom and , after retrieve an old badge that flicker feebly between SUPPORT Cedric Diggory and Potter STINKS , a cracked and worn-out Sneakoscope , and a gold locket inside which a note sign R.A.B. have be hide , he finally discover the sharp edge that have do the damage . he recognize it at once . it be a two-inch-long fragment of the enchant mirror that his dead godfather , Sirius , have give him . Harry lay it aside and feel cautiously around the trunk for the rest , but nothing more remain of his godfather 's last gift except powdered glass , which cling to the deep layer of debris like glitter grit . Harry sit up and examine the jagged piece on which he have cut himself , see nothing but his own bright green eye reflect back at him . then he place the fragment on top of that morning 's daily prophet , which lie unread on the bed , and attempt to stem the sudden upsurge of bitter memory , the stab of regret and of long the discovery of the break mirror have occasion , by attack the rest of the rubbish in the trunk . it take another hour to empty it completely , throw away the useless item , and sort the remainder in pile accord to whether or not he would need them from now on . his school and Quidditch robe , cauldron , parchment , quill , and most of his textbook be pile in a corner , to be leave behind . he wonder what his aunt and uncle would do with them ; burn them in the dead of night , probably , as if they be evidence of some dreadful crime . his Muggle clothing , Invisibility Cloak , potion-making kit , certain book , the photograph album Hagrid have once give him , a stack of letter , and his wand have be repacked into an old rucksack . in a front pocket be the Marauder 's Map and the locket with the note sign R.A.B. inside it . the locket be accord this place of honor not because it be valuable - in all usual sense it be worthless - but because of what it have cost to attain it . this leave a sizable stack of newspaper sit on his desk beside his snowy owl , Hedwig : one for each of the day Harry have spend at Privet Drive this summer . he get up off the floor , stretch , and move across to his desk . Hedwig make no movement as he begin to flick through newspaper , throw them into the rubbish pile one by one . the owl be asleep or else fake ; she be angry with Harry about the limited amount of time she be allow out of her cage at the moment . as he near the bottom of the pile of newspaper , Harry slow down , search for one particular issue that he know have arrive shortly after he have return to Privet Drive for the summer ; he remember that there have be a small mention on the front about the resignation of Charity Burbage , the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts . at last he find it . turn to page ten , he sink into his desk chair and reread the article he have be look for . Albus DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED by Elphias Doge I meet Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven , on our first day at Hogwarts . our mutual attraction be undoubtedly due to the fact that we both feel ourselves to be outsider . I have contract dragon pox shortly before arrive at school , and while I be no longer contagious , my pock-marked visage and greenish hue do not encourage many to approach me . for his part , Albus have arrive at Hogwarts under the burden of unwanted notoriety . scarcely a year previously , his father , Percival , have be convict of a savage and well-publicize attack upon three young Muggles . Albus never attempt to deny that his father ( who be to die in Azkaban ) have commit this crime ; on the contrary , when I pluck up courage to ask him , he assure me that he know his father to be guilty . beyond that , Dumbledore refuse to speak of the sad business , though many attempt to make him do so . some , indeed , be dispose to praise his father 's action and assume that Albus too be a Muggle-hater . they could not have be more mistaken : as anybody who know Albus would attest , he never reveal the remote anti-Muggle tendency . indeed , his determine support for Muggle right gain him many enemy in subsequent year . in a matter of month , however , Albus 's own fame have begin to eclipse that of his father . by the end of his first year he would never again be know as the son of a Muggle-hater , but as nothing more or less than the most brilliant student ever see at the school . those of us who be privilege to be his friend benefit from his example , not to mention his help and encouragement , with which he be always generous . he confess to me late in life that he know even then that his great pleasure lie in teaching . he not only win every prize of note that the school offer , he be soon in regular correspondence with the most notable magical name of the day , include Nicolas Flamel , the celebrated alchemist ; Bathilda Bagshot , the noted historian ; and Adalbert Waffling , the magical theoretician . several of his paper find their way into learn publication such as Transfiguration Today , Challenges in Charming , and the Practical Potioneer . Dumbledore 's future career seem likely to be meteoric , and the only question that remain be when he would become Minister of Magic . though it be often predict in late year that he be on the point of take the job , however , he never have ministerial ambition . three year after we have start at Hogwarts , Albus 's brother , Aberforth , arrive at school . they be not alike : Aberforth be never bookish and , unlike Albus , preferred to settle argument by duel rather than through reasoned discussion . however , it be quite wrong to suggest , as some have , that the brother be not friend . they rub along as comfortably as two such different boy could do . in fairness to Aberforth , it must be admit that live in Albus 's shadow can have be an altogether comfortable experience . be continually outshine be an occupational hazard of be his friend and can have be any more pleasurable as a brother . when Albus and I leave Hogwarts we intend to take the then-traditional tour of the world together , visit and observe foreign wizard , before pursue our separate career . however , tragedy intervene . on the very eve of our trip , Albus 's mother , Kendra , die , leave Albus the head , and sole breadwinner , of the family . I postpone my departure long enough to pay my respect at Kendra 's funeral , then leave for what be now to be a solitary journey . with a young brother and sister to care for , and little gold leave to them , there could no longer be any question of Albus accompany me . that be the period of our life when we have least contact . I write to Albus , describe , perhaps insensitively , the wonder of my journey , from narrow escape from chimaera in Greece to the experiment of the Egyptian alchemist . his letter tell me little of his day-to-day life , which I guess to be frustratingly dull for such a brilliant wizard . immerse in my own experience , it be with horror that I hear , toward the end of my year 's travel , that another tragedy have strike the Dumbledores : the death of his sister , Ariana . though Ariana have be in poor health for a long time , the blow , come so soon after the loss of their mother , have a profound effect on both of her brother . all those close to Albus - and I count myself one of that lucky number - agree that Ariana 's death , and Albus 's feeling of personal responsibility for it ( though , of course , he be guiltless ) , leave their mark upon him forevermore . I return home to find a young man who have experience a much old person 's suffering . Albus be more reserve than before , and much less lighthearted . to add to his misery , the loss of Ariana have lead , not to a renewed closeness between Albus and Aberforth , but to an estrangement . ( in time this would lift - in late year they reestablish , if not a close relationship , then certainly a cordial one . ) however , he rarely speak of his parent or of Ariana from then on , and his friend learn not to mention them . other quill will describe the triumph of the follow year . Dumbledore 's innumerable contribution to the store of Wizarding knowledge , include his discovery of the twelve use of dragon 's blood , will benefit generation to come , as will the wisdom he display in the many judgment while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot . they say , still , that no Wizarding duel ever match that between Dumbledore and Grindelwald in @card@ . those who witness it have write of the terror and the awe they feel as they watch these two extraordinary wizard to battle . Dumbledore 's triumph , and its consequence for the Wizarding world , be consider a turn point in magical history to match the introduction of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He-Who-Must-Not-BeNamed . Albus Dumbledore be never proud or vain ; he could find something to value in anyone , however apparently insignificant or wretched , and I believe that his early loss endow him with great humanity and sympathy . I shall miss his friendship more than I can say , but my loss be nothing compare to the Wizarding world 's . that he be the most inspiring and well love of all Hogwarts headmaster can be in question . he die as he live : work always for the great good and , to his last hour , as willing to stretch out a hand to a small boy with dragon pox as he be on the day I meet him . Harry finish reading , but continue to gaze at the picture accompany the obituary . Dumbledore be wear his familiar , kindly smile , but as he peer over the top of his half-moon spectacle , he give the impression , even in newsprint , of X-ray Harry , whose sadness mingle with a sense of humiliation . he have think he know Dumbledore quite well , but ever since read this obituary he have be force to recognize that he have barely know him at all . never once have he imagine Dumbledore 's childhood or youth ; it be as though he have spring into be as Harry have know him , venerable and silver-haired and old . the idea of a teenage Dumbledore be simply odd , like try to imagine a stupid Hermione or a friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt . he have never think to ask Dumbledore about his past . no doubt it would have feel strange , impertinent even , but after all it have be common knowledge that Dumbledore have take part in that legendary duel with Grindelwald , and Harry have not think to ask Dumbledore what that have be like , nor about any of his other famous achievement . no , they have always discuss Harry , Harry 's past , Harry 's future , Harry 's plan … and it seem to Harry now , despite the fact that his future be so dangerous and so uncertain , that he have miss irreplaceable opportunity when he have fail to ask Dumbledore more about himself , even though the only personal question he have ever ask his headmaster be also the only one he suspect that Dumbledore have not answer honestly : " what do you see when you look in the mirror ? " " I ? I see myself hold a pair of thick , woolen sock . " after several minute ' thought , Harry tear the obituary out of the Prophet , fold it carefully , and tuck it inside the first volume of Practical Defensive Magic and its use against the dark art . then he throw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish pile and turn to face the room . it be much tidy . the only thing leave out of place be today 's Daily Prophet , still lie on the bed , and on top of it , the piece of break mirror . Harry move across the room , slide the mirror fragment off today 's Prophet , and unfold the newspaper . he have merely glance at the headline when he have take the rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early that morning and throw it aside , after note that it say nothing about Voldemort . Harry be sure that the Ministry be lean on the Prophet to suppress news about Voldemort . it be only now , therefore , that he see what he have miss . across the bottom half of the front page a small headline be set over a picture of Dumbledore stride along , look harry : DUMBLEDORE - the TRUTH AT Last ? come next week , the shocking story of the flawed genius consider by many to be the great wizard of his generation . stripe away the popular image of serene , silver-bearded wisdom , Rita Skeeter reveal the disturbed childhood , the lawless youth , the life-long feud , and the guilty secret that Dumbledore carry to his grave , why be the man tip to be the Minister of Magic content to remain a mere headmaster ? what be the real purpose of the secret organization know as the order of the Phoenix ? how do Dumbledore really meet his end ? the answer to these and many more question be explore in the explosive new biography , the Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore , by Rita Skeeter , exclusively interview by Berry Braithwaite , page @card@ , inside . Harry rip open the paper and find page thirteen . the article be top with a picture show another familiar face : a woman wear jewel glass with elaborately curl blonde hair , her tooth bare in what be clearly suppose to be a winning smile , wiggle her finger up at him . do his good to ignore this nauseate image , Harry read on . in person , Rita Skeeter be much warm and soft than her famously ferocious quill-portraits might suggest . greet me in the hallway of her cozy home , she lead me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea , a slice of pound cake and , it go without say , a steam vat of fresh gossip . " well , of course , Dumbledore be a biographer 's dream , " say Skeeter . " such a long , full life . I be sure my book will be the first of very , very many . " Skeeter be certainly quick off the mark . her nine-hundred-page book be complete in a mere four week after Dumbledore 's mysterious death in June . I ask her how she manage this superfast feat . " oh , when you have be a journalist as long as I have , work to a deadline be second nature . I know that the Wizarding world be clamor for the full story and I want to be the first to meet that need . " I mention the recent , widely publicize remark of Elphias Doge , special Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstanding friend of Albus Dumbledore 's , that " Skeeter 's book contain less fact than a Chocolate Frog card . " Skeeter throw back her head and laugh . " Darling Dodgy ! I remember interview him a few year back about merpeople right , bless him . completely gaga , seem to think we be sit at the bottom of Lake Windermere , keep tell me to watch out for trout . " and yet Elphias Doge 's accusation of inaccuracy have be echo in many place . do Skeeter really feel that four short week have be enough to gain a full picture of Dumbledore 's long and extraordinary life ? " oh , my dear , " beam Skeeter , rap me affectionately across the knuckle , " you know as well as I do how much information can be generate by a fat bag of Galleons , a refusal to hear the word ' no , ' and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill ! people be queue to dish the dirt on Dumbledore anyway . not everyone think he be so wonderful , you know - he tread on an awful lot of important toe . but old Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogriff , because I have have access to a source most journalist would swap their wand for , one who have never speak in public before and who be close to Dumbledore during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of his youth . " the advance publicity for Skeeter 's biography have certainly suggest that there will be shock in store for those who believe Dumbledore to have lead a blameless life . what be the big surprise she uncover , I ask ? " now , come off it . Betty , I be not give away all the highlight before anybody be buy the book ! " laugh Skeeter . " but I can promise that anybody who still think Dumbledore be white as his beard be in for a rude awakening ! Let 's just say that nobody hear him rage against You-Know-Who would have dream that he dabble in the dark art himself in his youth ! and for a wizard who spend his late year plead for tolerance , he be n't exactly broad-minded when he be young ! yes , Albus Dumbledore have an extremely murky past , not to mention that very fishy family , which he work so hard to keep hush up . " I ask whether Skeeter be refer to Dumbledore 's brother , Aberforth , whose conviction by the Wizengamot for misuse of magic cause a minor scandal fifteen year ago . " oh , Aberforth be just the tip of the dung heap , " laugh Skeeter . " no , no , I be talk about much bad than a brother with a fondness for fiddle about with goat , bad even than the Muggle-maiming father - Dumbledore could n't keep either of them quiet anyway , they be both charge by the Wizengamot . no , it be the mother and the sister that intrigue me , and a little digging uncover a positive nest of nastiness - but , as I say , you will have to wait for chapter nine to twelve for full detail . all I can say now be , it be no wonder Dumbledore never talk about how his nose get break . " family skeleton notwithstanding , do Skeeter deny the brilliance that lead to Dumbledore 's many magical discovery ? " he have brain , " she concede , " although many now question whether he could really take full credit for all of his supposed achievement . as I reveal in chapter sixteen , Ivor Dillonsby claim he have already discover eight use of dragon 's blood when Dumbledore ' borrow ' his paper . " but the importance of some of Dumbledore 's achievement can , I venture , be deny . what of his famous defeat of Grindelwald ? " oh , now , I be glad you mention Grindelwald , " say Skeeter with such a tantalize smile . " I be afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore 's spectacular victory must brace themselves for a bombshell - or perhaps a Dungbomb . very dirty business indeed . all I will say be , do n't be so sure that there really be a spectacular duel of legend . after they have read my book , people may be force to conclude that Grindelwald simply conjure a white handkerchief from the end of his wand and come quietly ! " Skeeter refuse to give any more away on this intriguing subject , so we turn instead to the relationship that will undoubtedly fascinate her reader more than any other . " oh yes , " say Skeeter , nod briskly , " I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship . it have be call unhealthy , even sinister . again , your reader will have to buy my book for the whole story , but there be no question that Dumbledore take an unnatural interest in Potter from the word go . whether that be really in the boy 's good interest - well , we will see . it be certainly an open secret that Potter have have a most troubled adolescence . " I ask whether Skeeter be still in touch with Harry Potter , whom she so famously interview last year : a breakthrough piece in which Potter speak exclusively of his conviction that You-Know-Who have return . " oh , yes , we have develop a close bond , " say Skeeter . " Poor Potter have few real friend , and we meet at one of the most testing moment of his life - the Triwizard Tournament . I be probably one of the only people alive who can say that they know the real Harry Potter . " which lead us neatly to the many rumor still circulate about Dumbledore 's final hour . Does Skeeter believe that Potter be there when Dumbledore die ? " well , I do n't want to say too much - it be all in the book - but eyewitness inside Hogwarts castle see Potter run away from the scene moment after Dumbledore fall , jump , or be push . Potter later give evidence against Severus Snape , a man against whom he have a notorious grudge . be everything as it seem ? that be for the Wizarding community to decide - once they have read my book . " on that intriguing note , I take my leave . there can be no doubt that Skeeter have quill an instant bestseller . Dumbledore 's legion of admirer , meanwhile , may well be tremble at what be soon to emerge about their hero . Harry reach the bottom of the article , but continue to stare blankly at the page . revulsion and fury rise in him like vomit ; he ball up the newspaper and throw it , with all his force , at the wall , where it join the rest of the rubbish heap around his overflow bin . he begin to stride blindly around the room , open empty drawer and pick up book only to replace them on the same pile , barely conscious of what he be do , as random phrase from Rita 's article echo in his head : an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship ... it have be call unhealthy , even sinister ... he dabble in the dark art himself in his youth ... I have have access to a source most journalist would swap their wand for ... " Lies ! " Harry bellow , and through the window he see the next-door neighbor , who have pause to restart his lawn mower , look up nervously . Harry sit down hard on the bed . the break bit of mirror dance away from him ; he pick it up and turn it over in his finger , think , think of Dumbledore and the lie with which Rita Skeeter be defame him ... a flash of bright blue . Harry freeze , his cut finger slip on the jagged edge of the mirror again . he have imagine it , he must have do . he glance over his shoulder , but the wall be a sickly peach color of Aunt Petunia be choose : there be nothing blue there for the mirror to reflect . he peer into the mirror fragment again , and see nothing but his own bright green eye look back at him . he have imagine it , there be no other explanation ; imagine it , because he have be think of his dead headmaster . if anything be certain , it be that the bright blue eye of Albus Dumbledore would never pierce him again . Chapter Three the Dursley depart the sound of the front door slam echo up the stair and a voice roar , " oh ! you ! " sixteen year of be address thus leave Harry in no doubt when his uncle be call , nevertheless , he do not immediately respond . he be still at the narrow fragment in which , for a split second , he have think he see Dumbledore 's eye . it be not until his uncle bellow , " Boy ! " that Harry get slowly out of bed and head for the bedroom door , pause to add the piece of break mirror to the rucksack fill with thing he would be take with him . " you take you time ! " roar Vernon Dursley when Harry appear at the top of the stair , " get down here . I want a word ! " Harry stroll downstairs , his hand deep in his pant pocket . when he search the live room he find all three Dursley . they be dress for packing ; Uncle Vernon in an old ripped-up jacket and Dudley , Harry 's , large , blond , muscular cousin , in his leather jacket . " yes ? " ask Harry . " sit down ! " say Uncle Vernon . Harry raise his eyebrow . " please ! " add Uncle Vernon , wince slightly as though the word be sharp in his throat . Harry sit . he though he know what be come . his uncle begin to pace up and down , Aunt Petunia and Dudley , follow his movement with anxious expression . finally , his large purple face crumple with concentration . Uncle Vernon stop in front of Harry and speak . " I have change my mind , " he say . " what a surprise , " say Harry . " do n't you take that tone - " begin Aunt Petunia in a shrill voice , but Vernon Dursley wave her down " it be all a lot of claptrap , " say Uncle Vernon , glaring at Harry with piggy little eye . " I have decide I do n't believe a word of it . we be stay put , we be not go anywhere . " Harry look up at his uncle and feel a mixture of exasperation and amusement . Vernon Dursley have be change his mind every twenty four hour for the past four week , pack and unpack and repacking the car with every change of heart . Harry 's favorite moment have be the one when Uncle Vernon , unaware the Dudley have add his dumbbell to his case since the last time it be repacked , have attempt to hoist it back into the boot and collapse with a yelp of pain and much swear . " accord to you , " Vernon Dursley say , now resume his pace up and down the live room , " we - Petunia , Dudley , and I - be in danger . from - from - " " some of ' my lot ' right ? " say Harry " well I do n't believe it , " repeat Uncle Vernon , come to a halt in front of Harry again . " I be awake half the night think it all over , and I believe it be a plot to get the house . " " the house ? " repeat Harry . " what house ? " " this house ! " shriek Uncle Vernon , the vein his forehead start to pulse . " our house ! House price be skyrocket around here ! you want us out of the way and then you be go to do a bit of hocus pocus and before we know it the deed will be in your name and - " " be you out of your mind ? " demand Harry . " a plot to get this house ? be you actually as stupid as you look ? " " do n't you dare -- ! " squeal Aunt Petunia , but again Vernon wave her down . slight on his personal appearance be it seem as nothing to the danger he have spot . " just in case you have forget , " say Harry , " I have already get a house my godfather leave me one . so why would I want this one ? all the happy memory ? " there be silence . Harry think he have rather impress his uncle with this argument . " you claim , " say Uncle Vernon , start to pace yet again , " that this Lord Thing - " " - Voldemort , " say Harry impatiently , " and we have be through this about a hundred time already . this be n't a claim , it be fact . Dumbledore tell you last year , and Kingsley and Mr. Weasley - " Vernon Dursley hunch his shoulder angrily , and Harry guess that his uncle be attempt to ward off recollection of the unannounced visit , a few day into Harry 's summer holiday , of two fully grow wizard . the arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasley have come as a most unpleasant shock to the Dursley . Harry have to admit , however that as Mr. Weasley have once demolish half of the live room , his reappearance could not have be expect to delight Uncle Vernon . " - Kingsley and Mr. Weasley explain it all as well , " Harry press on remorselessly , " once I be seventeen , the protective charm that keep me safe will break , and that expose you as well as me . the order be sure Voldemort will target you , whether to torture you to try and find out where I be , or because he think by hold you hostage I will come and try to rescue you . " Uncle Vernon 's and Harry 's eye meet . Harry be sure that in that instant they be both wonder the same thing . then Uncle Vernon walk on and Harry resume , " you have get to go into hiding and the order want to help . you be be offer serious protection , the good there be . " Uncle Vernon say nothing but continue to pace up and down . outside the sun hang low over the privet hedge . the next door neighbor 's lawn mower stall again . " I think there be a Ministry of Magic ? " ask Vernon Dursley abruptly . " there be , " say Harry , surprise . " well , then , why ca n't they protect us ? it seem to me that , as innocent victim , guilty of nothing more than harbor a marked man , we ought to qualify for government protection ! " Harry laugh ; he could not help himself . it be so very typical of his uncle to put his hope in the establishment , even within this world that he despise and mistrust . " you hear what Mr. Weasley and Kingsley say , " Harry reply . " we think the Ministry have be infiltrate . " Uncle Vernon stride back to the fireplace and back breathe so strongly that his great black mustache ripple his face still purple with concentration . " all right , " he say . stop in front of Harry get again . " all right , let be say for the sake of argument we accept this protection . I still do n't see why we ca n't have that Kingsley bloke . " Harry manage not to roll his eye , but with difficulty . this question have also be address half a dozen time . " as I have tell you , " he say through grit tooth , " Kingsley be protect the Mug - I mean , your Prime Minister . " " exactly - he be the good ! " say Uncle Vernon , point at the blank television screen . the Dursley have spot Kingsley on the news , walk along the Muggle Prime Minister as he visit a hospital . this , and the fact that Kingsley have master the knack of dress like a Muggle , not to mention a certain reassuring something in his slow , deep voice , have cause the Dursley to take to Kingsley in a way that they have certainly not do with any other wizard , although it be true that they have never see him with earring in . " well , he be take , " say Harry . " but Hestia Jones and Dedalus Diggle be more than up to the job - " " if we have even see CVs … " begin Uncle Vernon , but Harry lose patience . get to his foot , he advance on his uncle , not point at the TV set himself . " these accident be n't accident - the crash and explosion and derailment and whatever else have happen since we last watch the news . people be disappear and die and he be behind it - Voldemort . I have tell you this over and over again , he kill Muggles for fun . even the fog - they be cause by dementors , and if you ca n't remember what they be , ask your son ! " Dudley 's hand jerk upward to tower his mouth . with his parent ' and Harry 's eye upon him , he slowly lower them again and ask , " there be … more of them ? " " more ? " laugh Harry . " more than the two that attack us , you mean ? of course there be hundred , maybe thousand by this time , see as they feed off fear and despair - " " all right , all right bluster , " bluster Vernon Dursley . " you have make your point - " " I hope so , " say Harry , " because once I be seventeen , all of them - Death Eaters , elementors , maybe even Inferi - which mean dead body enchant by a dark wizard - will be able to find you and will certainly attack you . and if you remember the last time you try to outrun wizard , I think you will agree you need help . " there be a brief silence in which the distant echo of Hagrid smash down a wooden front door seem to reverberate through the intervene year . aunt Petunia be look at Uncle Vernon ; Dudley be stare at Harry . finally Uncle Vernon blurt out , " but what about my work ? what about Dudley 's school ? I do n't suppose those thing matter to a bunch of layabout wizard - " " do n't you understand ? " shout Harry . " they will torture and kill you like they do my parent ! " " Dad , " say Dudley in a loud voice , " Dad - I be go with these Order people . " " Dudley , " say Harry , " for the first time in your life , you be talk sense . " he know the battle be win . if Dudley be frighten enough to accept the order 's help , his parent would accompany him . there could be no question of be separate from their Duddykins . Harry glance at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece . " they will be here in about five minute , he say , and when one of the Dursley reply , he leave the room . the prospect of parting—probably forever - from his aunt , uncle , and cousin be one that he be able to contemplate quite cheerfully but there be nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air . what do you say to one another at the end of sixteen year ' solid dislike ? back in his bedroom , Harry fiddle aimlessly with his rucksack then poke a couple of owl nut through the bat of Hedwig 's cage . they fall with dull thud to the bottom where she ignore them . " we be leave soon , really soon , " Harry tell her . " and then you will be able to fly again . " the doorbell ring . Harry hesitate , then head back out of his room and downstairs . it be too much to expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursley on their own . " Harry Potter ! " squeak an excited voice , the moment Harry have open the door ; a small man in a mauve top hat that be sweep him a deep bow . " an honor as ever ! " " thanks , Dedalus , " say Harry , bestow a small and embarrassed smile upon the dark haired Hestia . " it be really good of you to do this … they be through here , my aunt and uncle and cousin … " " good day to you , Harry Potter 's relative ! " say Dedalus happily stride into the live room . the Dursley do not look at all happy to be address thus ; Harry half expect another change of mind . Dudley shrink near to his mother at the sight of the witch and wizard . " I see you be packed and ready . excellent ! the plan , as Harry have tell you , be a simple one , " say Dedalus , pull an immense pocket watch out of his waistcoat and examine it . " we shall be leave before Harry do . due to the danger of use magic in your house - Harry be still underage it could provide the Ministry with an excuse to arrest him - we shall be drive , say , ten mile or so before Disapparating to the safe location we have pick out for you . you know how to drive , I take it ? " he ask Uncle Vernon politely . " know how to - ? of course I ruddy well know how to drive ! " splutter Uncle Vernon . " very clever of you , sir , very clever . I personally would be utterly bamboozle by all those button and knob , " say Dedalus . he be clearly under the impression that he be flatter Vernon Dursley , who be visibly lose confidence in the plan with every word Dedalus speak . " can n't even drive , " he mutter under his breath , his mustache ripple indignantly , but fortunately neither Dedalus nor Hestia seem to hear him . " you , Harry , " Dedalus continue , " will wait here for your guard . there have be a little change in the arrangement - " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry at once . " I think Mad-Eye be go to come and take me by Side Along-Apparition ? " " can n't do it , " say Hestia tersely , " Mad-Eye will explain . " the Dursley , who have listen to all of this with look of utter incomprehension on their face , jump as a loud voice screech , " Hurry up ! " Harry look all around the room before realize the voice have issue from Dedalus 's pocket watch . " quite right , be operate to a very tight schedule , " say Dedalus nod at his watch and tuck it back into his waist coat . " we be attempt to time your departure from the house with your family 's Disapparition , Harry thus the charm break the moment you all head for safety . " he turn to the Dursley , " well , be we all packed and ready to go ? " none of them answer him . Uncle Vernon be still stare appall at the bulge in Dedalus 's waistcoat pocket . " perhaps we should wait outside in the hall , Dedalus , " murmur Hestia . she clearly feel that it would be tactless for them to remain the room while Harry and the Dursley exchange loving , possibly tearful farewell . " there be no need , " Harry mutter , but Uncle Vernon make any further explanation unnecessary by say loudly , " well , this be good-bye then boy . " he swing his right arm upward to shake Harry 's hand , but at the last moment seem unable to face it , and merely close his fist and begin swing it backward and forward like a metronome . " ready , Duddy ? " ask Petunia , fussily check the clasp of her handbag so as to avoid look at Harry altogether . Dudley do not answer but stand there with his mouth slightly ajar , remind Harry a little of the giant , Grawp . " come along , then , " say Uncle Vernon . he have already reach the live room door when Dudley mumble , " I do n't understand . " " what do n't you understand , popkin ? " ask Petunia look up at her son . Dudley raise a large , hamlike hand to point at Harry . " why be n't he come with us ? Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia freeze when they stand stare at Dudley as though he have just express a desire to become a ballerina . " what ? " say Uncle Vernon loudly . " why be n't he come too ? " ask Dudley . " well , he—does n't want to , " say Uncle Vernon , turn to glare at Harry and add , " you do n't want to , do you ? " " not in the slight , " say Harry . " there you be , " Uncle Vernon tell Dudley . " now come on we be off . " he march out of the room . they hear the front door open , but Dudley do not move and after a few falter step Aunt Petunia stop too . " what now ? " bark Uncle Vernon , reappear in the doorway . it seem that Dudley be struggle with concept too difficult to put into word . after several moment of apparently painful internal struggle he say , " but where be he go to go ? " aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon look at each other . it be clear that Dudley be frighten them . Hestia Jones break the silence . " but … surely you know where your nephew be go ? " she ask look bewilder . " certainly we know , " say Vernon Dursley . " he be off with some of your lot , be n't he ? right , Dudley , let be get in the car , you hear the man , we be in a hurry . again , Vernon Dursley march as far as the front door , but Dudley do not follow . " off with some of our lot ? " Hestia look outraged . Harry have meet this attitude before Witches and wizard seem stun that his closed living relative take so little interest in the famous Harry Potter . " it be fine , " Harry assure her . " it do n't matter , honestly . " " do n't matter ? " repeat Hestia , her voice rise considerably . " do n't these people realize what you have be through ? what danger you be in ? the unique position you hold in the heart of the anti Voldemort movement ? " " er - no , they do n't , " say Harry . " they think I be a waste of space , actually but I be use to - " " I do n't think you be a waste of space " if Harry have not see Dudley 's lip move , he might not have believe it . as it be , he stare at Dudley for several second before accept that it must have be his cousin who have speak ; for one thing , Dudley have turn red . Harry be embarrass and astonish himself . " well ... er … thanks , Dudley . " again , Dudley appear to grapple with thought too unwieldy for expression before mumble , " you save my life , " " not really , " say Harry . " it be your soul the dementor would have take … " he look curiously at his cousin . they have have virtually no contact during this summer or last , as Harry have come back to Privet Drive so briefly and keep to his room so much . it now dawn on Harry , however , that the cup of cold tea on which he have tread that morning might not have be a booby trap at all . although rather touch he be nevertheless quite relieve that Dudley appear to have exhaust his ability to express his feeling . after open his mouth once or twice more , Dudley subside into scarlet-faced silence . aunt Petunia burst into tear . Hestia Jones give her an approve look that change to outrage as Aunt Petunia run forward and embrace Dudley rather than Harry . " S-so sweet , Dudders … " she sob into his massive chest . " S-such a lovely b-boy … ssaying thank you … " " but he have n't say thank you at all ! " say Hestia indignantly . " he only say he do n't think Harry be a waste of space ! " " yea but come from Dudley that be like ' I love you , ' " say Harry , tear between annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Petunia continue to clutch at Dudley as if he have just save Harry from a burning building . " be we go or not ? " roar Uncle Vernon , reappear yet again at the live room door . " I think we be on a tight schedule ! " " yes - yes , we be , " say Dedalus Diggle , who have be watch these exchange with an air of bemusement and now seem to pull himself together . " we really must be off . Harry - " he trip forward and wring Harry 's hand with both of his own . " - good luck . I hope we meet again . the hope of the Wizarding world rest upon your shoulder . " " oh , " say Harry , " right . thanks . " " Farwell , Harry , " say Hestia also clasp his hand . " our thought go with you . " " I hope everything be okay , " say Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley . " oh I be sure we shall end up the good of chum , " say Diggle slightly , wave his hat as he leave the room . Hestia follow him . Dudley gently release himself from his mother 's clutch and walk toward Harry who have to repress an urge to threaten him with magic . then Dudley hold out his large , pink hand . " Blimey , Dudley , " say Harry over Aunt Petunia 's renewed sob , " do the dementors blow a different personality into you ? " " dunno , " mutter Dudley , " see you , Harry . " " yea … " say Harry , rake Dudley 's hand and shake it . " maybe . take care , Big D. " Dudley nearly smile . they lumber from the room . Harry hear his heavy footfall on the gravel drive , and then a car door slam . aunt Petunia whose face have be bury in her handkerchief look around at the sound . she do not seem to have expect to find herself alone with Harry . hastily stow her wet handkerchief into her pocket , she say , " well - good-bye " and march towards the door without look at him . " Good-bye " say Harry . she stop and look back . for a moment Harry have the strange feeling that she want to say something to him ; she give him an odd , tremulous look and seem to teeter on the edge of speech , but then , with a little of her head , she hustle out of the room after he husband and son . Chapter Four the Seven Potters Harry run back upstairs to his bedroom , arrive at the window just in time to see the Dursley ' car swing out of the drive and off up the road . Dedalus 's top hat be visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the backseat . the car turn right at the end of Privet Drive , its window burn scarlet for a moment in the now set sun , and then it be go . Harry pick up Hedwig 's cage , his Firebolt , and his rucksack , give his unnaturally tidy bedroom one last sweeping look , and then make his ungainly way back downstairs to the hall , where he deposit cage , broomstick , and bag near the foot of the stair . the light be fade rapidly , the hall full of shadow in the evening light . it feel most strange to stand here in the silence and know that he be about to leave the house for the last time . long ago , when he have be leave alone while the Dursley go out to enjoy themselves , the hour of solitude have be a rare treat . pause only to sneak something tasty from the fridge , he have rush upstairs to play on Dudley 's computer , or put on the television and flick through the channel to his heart 's content . it give him an odd , empty feeling remember those time ; it be like remember a young brother whom he have lose . " do n't you want to take a last look at the place ? " he ask Hedwig , who be still sulk with her head under her wing . " we will never be here again . do n't you want to remember all the good time ? I mean , look at this doormat . what memory … Dudley sob on it after I save him from the dementors … Turns out he be grateful after all , can you believe it ? … and last summer , Dumbledore walk through that front door … " Harry lose the thread of his thought for a moment and Hedwig do nothing to help him retrieve it , but continue to sit with her head under her wing . Harry turn his back on the front door . " and under here , Hedwig " - Harry pull open a door under the stair - " be where I use to sleep ! you never know me then - Blimey , it be small , I have forget … " Harry look around at the stack shoe and umbrella remember how he use to wake every morning look up at the underside of the staircase , which be more often than not adorn with a spider or two . those have be the day before he have know anything about his true identity ; before he have find out how his parent have die or why such strange thing often happen around him . but Harry could still remember the dream that have dog him , even in those day : confuse dream involve flash of green light and once - Uncle Vernon have nearly crash the car when Harry have recount it - a fly motorbike … there be a sudden , deafen roar from somewhere nearby . Harry straighten up with a jerk and smack the top of his head on the low door frame . pause only to employ a few of Uncle Vernon 's choicest swear word , he stagger back into the kitchen , clutch his head and stare out of the window into the back garden . the darkness seem to be ripple , the air itself quiver . then , one by one , figure begin to pop into sight as their Disillusionment Charms lift . dominate the scene be Hagrid , wear a helmet and goggle and sit astride an enormous motorbike with a black sidecar attach . all around him other people be dismount from broom and , in two case , skeletal , black wing horse . wrench open the back door , Harry hurtle into their midst . there be a general cry of greeting as Hermione fling her arm around him , Ron clap him on the back , and Hagrid say , " all righ ' , Harry ? ready fer the off ? " " definitely , " say Harry , beam around at them all . " but I be n't expect this many of you ! " " change of plan , " growl Mad-Eye , who be hold two enormous bulge sack , and whose magical eye be spin from darken sky to house to garden with dizzying rapidity . " let be get undercover before we talk you through it . " Harry lead them all back into the kitchen where , laugh and chatter , they settle on chair , sit themselves upon Aunt Petunia 's gleam work surface , or lean up against her spotless appliance ; Ron , long and lanky ; Hermione , her bushy hair tie back in a long plait ; Fred and George , grin identically ; Bill , badly scar and longhaired ; Mr. Weasley , kind-faced , balding , his spectacles a little awry ; Mad-Eye , battleworn , one-legged , his bright blue magical eye whiz in its socket ; Tonks , whose short hair be her favorite shade of bright pink ; Lupin , gray , more line ; Fleur , slender and beautiful , with her long silvery blonde hair ; Kingsley , bald and broad-shouldered ; Hagrid , with his wild hair and beard , stand hunchbacked to avoid hit his head on the ceiling ; and Mundungus Fletcher , small , dirty , and hangdog , with his droopy beady hound 's eye and matted hair . Harry 's heart seem to expand and glow at the sight : he feel incredibly fond of all of them , even Mundungus , whom he have try to strangle the last time they have meet . " Kingsley , I think you be look after the Muggle Prime Minister ? " he call across the room . " he can get along without me for one night , " say Kingsley , " you be more important . " " Harry , guess what ? " say Tonks from her perch on top of the washing machine , and she wiggle her leave hand at him ; a ring glisten there . " you get married ? " Harry yelp , look from her to Lupin . " I be sorry you could n't be there , Harry , it be very quiet . " " that be brilliant , congrat - " " all right , all right , we will have time for a cozy catch-up later , " roar Moody over the hubbub , and silence fall in the kitchen . Moody drop his sack at his foot and turn to Harry . " as Dedalus probably tell you , we have to abandon Plan A. Pius Thicknesse have go over , which give us a big problem . he have make it an imprisonable offense to connect this house to the Floo Network , place a Portkey here , or Apparate in or out . all do in the name of your protection , to prevent You-Know-Who get in at you . absolutely pointless , see as your mother 's charm do that already . what he be really do be to stop you get out of here safely . " " second problem : you be underage , which mean you have still get the Trace on you . " " I do n't - " " the Trace , the Trace ! " say Mad-Eye impatiently . " the charm that detect magical activity around under-seventeens , the way the Ministry find out about underage magic ! if you , or anyone around you , cast a spell to get you out of here , Thicknesse be go to know about it , and so will the Death Eaters . " " we ca n't wait for the Trace to break , because the moment you turn seventeen you will lose all the protection your mother give you . in short , Pius Thicknesse think he have get you cornered good and proper . " Harry could not help but agree with the unknown Thicknesse . " so what be we go to do ? " " we be go to use the only means of transport leave to us , the only one the Trace ca n't detect , because we do n't need to cast spell to use them : broom , thestrals , and Hagrid 's motorbike . " Harry could see flaw in this plan ; however , he hold his tongue to give Mad-Eye the chance to address them . " now , your mother 's charm will only break under two condition : when you come of age , or " - Moody gesture around the pristine kitchen - " you no longer call this place home . you and your aunt and uncle be go your separate way tonight , in the full understanding that you be never go to live together again , correct ? " Harry nod . " so this time , when you leave , there will be no go back , and the charm will break the moment you get outside its range . we be choose to break it early , because the alternative be wait for You-Know-Who to come and seize you the moment you turn seventeen . " the one thing we have get on our side be that You-Know-Who do n't know we be move you tonight . we have leak a fake trail to the Ministry : they think you be not leave until the thirtieth . however , this be You-Know-Who we be deal with , so we ca n't rely on him get the date wrong ; he be bind to have a couple of Death Eaters patrol the sky in this general area , just in case . so , we have give a dozen different house every protection we can throw at them . they all look like they could be the place we be go to hide you , they have all get some connection with the order : my house , Kingsley 's place , Molly 's Auntie Muriel 's - you get the idea . " " yeah , " say Harry , not entirely truthfully , because he could still spot a gape hole in the plan . " you will be go to Tonks 's parent . once you be within the boundary of the protective enchantment we have put on their house you will be able to use a Portkey to the Burrow . any question ? " " er - yes , " say Harry . " maybe they wo n't know which of the twelve secure house I be head for at first , but wo n't it be sort of obvious once " - he perform a quick headcount - " fourteen of us fly off toward Tonks 's parent ? " " ah , " say Moody , " I forget to mention the key point . fourteen of us wo n't be fly to Tonks 's parent . there will be seven Harry Potters move through the sky tonight , each of them with a companion , each pair head for a different safe house . " from inside his cloak Moody now withdraw a flask of what look like mud . there be no need for him to say another word ; Harry understand the rest of the plan immediately . " no ! " he say loudly , his voice ringing through the kitchen . " no way ! " " I tell them you will take it like this , " say Hermione with a hint of complacency . " if you think I be go to let six people risk their life -- ! " " - because it be the first time for all of us , " say Ron . " this be different , pretend to be me - " " well , none of us really fancy it , Harry , " say Fred earnestly . " imagine if something go wrong and we be stick as specky , scrawny git forever . " Harry do not smile . " you ca n't do it if I do n't cooperate , you need me to give you some hair . " " well , that be the plan scupper , " say George . " obviously there be no chance at all of us get a bit of your hair unless you cooperate . " " yeah , thirteen of us against one bloke who be not allow to use magic ; we have get no chance , " say Fred . " funny , " say Harry , " really amusing . " " if it have to come to force , then it will , " growl Moody , his magical eye now quiver a little in its socket as he glare at Harry . " everyone here be overage , Potter , and they be all prepare to take the risk . " Mundungus shrug and grimace ; the magical eye swerve sideways to glance at him out of the side of Moody 's head . " let be have no more argument . time be wear on . I want a few of your hair , boy , now . " " but this be mad , there be no need - " " no need ! " snarl Moody . " with You-Know-Who out there and half the Ministry on his side ? Potter , if we be lucky he will have swallow the fake bait and he will be plan to ambush you on the thirtieth , but he will be mad not to have a Death Eater or two keep an eye out , it be what I will do . they might not be able to get at you or this house while your mother 's charm hold , but it be about to break and they know the rough position of the place . our only chance be to use decoy . even You-Know-Who ca n't split himself into seven . " Harry catch Hermione 's eye and look away at once . " so , Potter - some of your hair , if you please . " Harry glance at Ron , who grimace at him in a just-do-it sort of way . " now ! " bark Moody . with all of their eye upon him , Harry reach up to the top of his head , grab a hank of hair , and pull . " good , " say Moody , limp forward as he pull the stopper out of the flask of potion . " straight in here , if you please . " Harry drop the hair into the mudlike liquid . the moment it make contact with its surface , the potion begin to froth and smoke , then , all at once , it turn a clear , bright gold . " Ooh , you look much tasty than Crabbe and Goyle , Harry , " say Hermione , before catch sight of Ron 's raise eyebrow , blush slightly , and say , " oh , you know what I mean - Goyle 's potion taste like bogey . " " right then , fake Potters line up over here , please , " say Moody . Ron , Hermione , Fred , George , and Fleur line up in front of Aunt Petunia 's gleam sink . " we be one short , " say Lupin . " here , " say Hagrid gruffly , and he lift Mundungus by the scruff of the neck and drop him down beside Fleur , who wrinkle her nose pointedly and move along to stand between Fred and George instead . " I be a soldier , I will sooner be a protector , " say Mundungus . " shut it , " growl Moody . " as I have already tell you , you spineless worm , any Death Eaters we run into will be aim to capture Potter , not kill him . Dumbledore always say You-Know-Who would want to finish Potter in person . it will be the protector who have get the most to worry about , the Death Eaters will want to kill them . " Mundungus do not look particularly reassure , but Moody be already pull half a dozen eggcup-sized glass from inside his cloak , which he hand out , before pour a little Polyjuice Potion into each one . " altogether , then … " Ron , Hermione , Fred , George , Fleur , and Mundungus drink . all of them gasp and grimace as the potion hit their throat ; at once , their feature begin to bubble and distort like hot wax . Hermione and Mundungus be shoot upward ; Ron , Fred , and George be shrink ; their hair be darken , Hermione 's and Fleur be appear to shoot backward into their skull . moody , quite unconcerned , be now loosen the tie of the large sack he have bring with him . when he straighten up again , there be six Harry Potters gasp and pant in front of him . Fred and George turn to each other and say together , " Wow - we be identical ! " " I dunno , though , I think I be still better-looking , " say Fred , examine his reflection in the kettle . " Bah , " say Fleur , check herself in the microwave door , " Bill , do n't look at me - I be ' ideous . " " those whose clothes be a bit roomy , I have get small here , " say Moody , indicate the first sack , " and vice versa . do n't forget the glass , there be six pair in the side pocket . and when you be dress , there be luggage in the other sack . " the real Harry think that this might just be the most bizarre thing he have ever see , and he have see some extremely odd thing . he watch as his six doppelgangers rummage in the sack , pull out set of clothes , put on glass , stuff their own thing away . he feel like ask them to show a little more respect for privacy as they all begin strip off with impunity , clearly more at ease with display his body than they would have be with their own . " I know Ginny be lie about that tattoo , " say Ron , look down at his bare chest . " Harry , your eyesight really be awful , " say Hermione , as she put on glass . once dress , the fake Harry take rucksack and owl cage , each contain a stuffed snowy owl , from the second sack . " good , " say Moody , as at last seven dress , bespectacled , and luggage-laden Harry face him . " the pair will be as follow : Mundungus will be travel with me , by broom - " " why be I with you ? " grunt the Harry nearest the back door . " because you be the one that need watch , " growl Moody , and sure enough , his magical eye do not waver from Mundungus as he continue , " Arthur and Fred - " " I be George , " say the twin at whom Moody be point . " can n't you even tell us apart when we be Harry ? " " sorry , George - " " I be only yank your wand , I be Fred really - " " Enough mess around ! " snarl Moody . " the other one - George or Fred or whoever you be - you be with Remus . Miss Delacour - " " I be take Fleur on a thestral , " say Bill . " she be not that fond of broom . " Fleur walk over to stand beside him , give him a soppy , slavish look that Harry hope with all his heart would never appear on his face again . " Miss Granger with Kingsley , again by thestral - " Hermione look reassure as she answer Kingsley 's smile ; Harry know that Hermione too lack confidence on a broomstick . " which leave you and me , Ron ! " say Tonks brightly , knock over a mug tree as she wave at him . Ron do not look quite as please as Hermione . " an ' you be with me , Harry . that all righ ' ? " say Hagrid , look a little anxious . " we will be on the bike , broom an ' thestrals ca n't take me weight , see . not a lot o ' room on the seat with me on it , though , so you will be in the sidecar . " " that be great , " say Harry , not altogether truthfully . " we think the Death Eaters will expect you to be on a broom , " say Moody , who seem to guess how Harry be feel . " Snape 's have plenty of time to tell them everything about you he be never mention before , so if we do run into any Death Eaters , we be bet they will choose one of the Potters who look at home on a broomstick . all right then , " he go on , tie up the sack with the fake Potters ' clothes in it and lead the way back to the door , " I make it three minute until we be suppose to leave . no point lock the back door , it wo n't keep the Death Eaters out when they come look . come on … " Harry hurry to gather his rucksack , Firebolt , and Hedwig 's cage and follow the group to the dark back garden . on every side broomstick be leap into hand ; Hermione have already be help up onto a great black thestral by Kingsley , Fleur onto the other by Bill . Hagrid be stand ready beside the motorbike , goggle on . " be this it ? be this Sirius 's bike ? " " the very same , " say Hagrid , beam down at Harry . " an ' the last time yeh be on it , Harry , I could fit yeh in one hand ! " Harry could not help but feel a little humiliate as he get into the sidecar . it place him several foot below everybody else : Ron smirk at the sight of him sit there like a child in a bumper car . Harry stuff his rucksack and broomstick down by his foot and ram Hedwig 's cage between his knee . he be extremely uncomfortable . " Arthur have do a bit o ' tinkerin ' , " say Hagrid , quite oblivious to Harry 's discomfort . he settle himself astride the motorcycle , which creak slightly and sink inch into the ground . " it be get a few trick up its sleeve now . tha ' one be my idea . " he point a thick finger at a purple button near the speedometer . " please be careful , Hagrid . " say Mr. Weasley , who be stand beside them , hold his broomstick . " I be still not sure that be advisable and it be certainly only to be use in emergency . " " all right , then . " say Moody . " everyone ready , please . I want us all to leave at exactly the same time or the whole point of the diversion be lose . " everybody motion their head . " hold tight now , Ron , " say Tonks , and Harry see Ron throw a force , guilty look at Lupin before place his hand on each side of her waist . Hagrid kick the motorbike into life : it roar like a dragon , and the sidecar begin to vibrate . " good luck , everyone , " shout Moody . " see you all in about an hour at the Burrow . on the count of three . one … two . . three . " there be a great roar from the motorbike , and Harry feel the sidecar give a nasty lurch . he be rise through the air fast , his eye water slightly , hair whip back off his face . around him broom be soar upward too ; the long black tail of a thestral flick past . his leg , jam into the sidecar by Hedwig 's cage and his rucksack , be already sore and start to go numb . so great be his discomfort that he almost forget to take a last glimpse of number four Privet Drive . by the time he look over the edge of the sidecar he could no longer tell which one it be . and then , out of nowhere , out of nothing , they be surround . at least thirty hooded figure , suspend in midair , form a vast circle in the middle of which the Order member have rise , oblivious - Screams , a blaze of green light on every side : Hagrid give a yell and the motorbike roll over . Harry lose any sense of where they be . streetlight above him , yell around him , he be cling to the sidecar for dear life . Hedwig 's cage , the Firebolt , and his rucksack slip from beneath his knee - " no - HELP ! " the broomstick spin too , but he just manage to seize the strap of his rucksack and the top of the cage as the motorbike swing the right way up again . a second 's relief , and then another burst of green light . the owl screech and fall to the floor of the cage . " no - No ! " the motorbike zoom forward ; Harry glimpse hooded death eater scatter as Hagrid blast through their circle . " Hedwig - Hedwig - " but the owl lie motionless and pathetic as a toy on the floor of her cage . he could not take it in , and his terror for the other be paramount . he glance over his shoulder and see a mass of people move , flare of green light , two pair of people on broom soar off into the distance , but he could not tell who they be - " Hagrid , we have get to go back , we have get to go back ! " he yell over the thunderous roar of the engine , pull out his wand , ram Hedwig 's cage into the floor , refuse to believe that she be dead . " Hagrid , TURN AROUND ! " " my job 's ter get you there safe , Harry ! " bellow Hagrid , and he open the throttle . " stop - stop ! " Harry shout , but as he look back again two jet of green light fly past his left ear : four death eater have break away from the circle and be pursue them , aim for Hagrid 's broad back . Hagrid swerve , but the Death Eaters be keep up with the bike ; more curse shoot after them , and Harry have to sink low into the sidecar to avoid them . wriggle around he cry , " Stupefy ! " and a red bolt of light shot from his own wand , cleave a gap between the four pursue death eater as they scatter to avoid it . " hold on , Harry , this will do for ' em ! " roar Hagrid , and Harry look up just in time to see Hagrid slam a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge . a wall , a solid black wall , erupt out of the exhaust pipe . crane his neck , Harry see it expand into be in midair . three of the Death Eaters swerve and avoid it , but the fourth be not so lucky ; he vanish from view and then drop like a boulder from behind it , his broomstick break into piece . one of his fellow slow up to save him , but they and the airborne wall be swallow by darkness as Hagrid lean low over the handlebar and speed up . more Killing curse fly past Harry 's head from the two remain Death Eaters ' wand ; they be aim for Hagrid . Harry respond with further Stunning Spells : Red and green collide in midair in a shower of multicolored spark , and Harry think wildly of firework , and the Muggles below who would have no idea what be happen - " here we go again , Harry , hold on ! " yell Hagrid , and he jab at a second button . this time a great net burst from the bike 's exhaust , but the Death Eaters be ready for it . not only do they swerve to avoid it , but the companion who have slow to save their unconscious friend have catch up . he bloom suddenly out of the darkness and now three of them be pursue the motorbike , all shoot curse after it . " this will do it , Harry , hold on tight ! " yell Hagrid , and Harry see him slam his whole hand onto the purple button beside the speedometer . with an unmistakable bellow roar , dragon fire burst from the exhaust , whitehot and blue , and the motorbike shoot forward like a bullet with a sound of wrenching metal . Harry see the death eater swerve out of sight to avoid the deadly trail of flame , and at the same time feel the sidecar sway ominously : its metal connection to the bike have splinter with the force of acceleration . " it be all righ ' , Harry ! " bellow Hagrid , now throw flat onto the back by the surge of speed ; nobody be steer now , and the sidecar be start to twist violently in the bike 's slipstream . " I be on it , Harry , don ' worry ! " Hagrid yell , and from inside his jacket pocket he pull his flowery pink umbrella . " Hagrid ! no ! let me ! " " REPARO ! " there be a deafen bang and the sidecar break away from the bike completely . Harry speed forward , propel by the impetus of the bike 's flight , then the sidecar begin to lose height - in desperation Harry point his wand at the sidecar and shout , " Wingardium Leviosa ! " the sidecar rise like a cork , unsteerable but at least still airborne . he have but a split second 's relief , however , as more curse streak past him : the three death eater be close in . " I be comin ' , Harry ! " Hagrid yell from out of the darkness , but Harry could feel the sidecar begin to sink again : crouch as low as he could , he point at the middle of the oncoming figure and yell , " Impedimenta ! " the jinx hit the middle death eater in the chest ; for a moment the man be absurdly spread-eagle in midair as though he have hit an invisible barrier : one of his fellow almost collide with him - then the sidecar begin to fall in earnest , and the remain Death Eater shoot a curse so close to Harry that he have to duck below the rim of the car , knock out a tooth on the edge of his seat - " I be comin ' , Harry , I be comin ' ! " a huge hand seize the back of Harry 's robe and hoist him out of the plummet sidecar ; Harry pull his rucksack with him as he drag himself onto the motorbike 's seat and find himself back-to-back with Hagrid . as they soar upward , away from the two remain Death Eaters , Harry spit blood out of his mouth , point his wand at the fall sidecar , and yell , " Confringo ! " he know a dreadful , gut-wrenching pang for Hedwig as it explode ; the Death Eater nearest it be blast off his broom and fall from sight ; his companion fall back and vanish . " Harry , I be sorry , I be sorry , " moan Hagrid , " I shouldn'ta try ter repair it meself - yeh have get no room - " " it be not a problem , just keep fly ! " Harry shout back , as two more death eater emerge out of the darkness , draw closer . as the curse come shoot across the intervene space again , Hagrid swerve and zigzag : Harry know that Hagrid do not dare use the dragon-fire button again , with Harry seat so insecurely . Harry send Stunning Spell after Stunning Spell back at their pursuer , barely hold them off . he shoot another block jinx at them : the close Death Eater swerve to avoid it and his hood slip , and by the red light of his next Stunning Spell , Harry see the strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike - Stan - " Expelliarmus ! " Harry yell . " that be him , it be him , it be the real one ! " the hooded Death Eater 's shout reach Harry even above the thunder of the motorbike 's engine : next moment , both pursuer have fall back and disappear from view . " Harry , what be happen ? " bellow Hagrid . " where have they go ? " " I do n't know ! " but Harry be afraid : the hooded Death Eater have shout , " it be the real one ! " ; how have he know ? he gaze around at the apparently empty darkness and feel its menace . where be they ? he clamber around on the seat to face forward and seize hold of the back of Hagrid 's jacket . " Hagrid , do the dragon-fire thing again , let be get out of here ! " " hold on tight , then , Harry ! " there be a deafen , screech roar again and the white-blue fire shoot from the exhaust : Harry feel himself slip backwards off what little of the seat he have . Hagrid fling backward upon him , barely maintain his grip on the handlebars - " I think we have lose ' em Harry , I think we have do it ! " yell Hagrid . but Harry be not convinced ; fear lap at him as he look left and right for pursuer he be sure would come . . . . why have they fall back ? one of them have still have a wand . . . . it be him . . . it be the real one . . . . they have say it right after he have try to Disarm Stan . . . . " we be nearly there , Harry , we have nearly make it ! " shout Hagrid . Harry feel the bike drop a little , though the light down on the ground still seem remote as star . then the scar on his forehead burn like fire : as a Death Eater appear on either side of the bike , two Killing Curses miss Harry by millimeter , cast from behind - and then Harry see him . Voldemort be fly like smoke on the wind , without broomstick or thestral to hold him , his snake-like face gleam out of the blackness , his white finger raise his wand again - Hagrid let out a bellow of fear and steer the motorbike into a vertical dive . cling on for dear life , Harry send Stunning Spells fly at random into the whirl night . he see a body fly past him and know he have hit one of them , but then he hear a bang and see spark from the engine ; the motorbike spiral through the air , completely out of control - Green jet of light shot past them again . Harry have no idea which way be up , which down : his scar be still burn ; he expect to die at any second . a hooded figure on a broomstick be foot from him , he see it raise its arm - " No ! " with a shout of fury Hagrid launch himself off the bike at the Death Eater ; to his horror , Harry see both Hagrid and the Death Eater , fall out of sight , their combined weight too much for the broomstick - barely grip the plummet bike with his knee , Harry hear Voldemort scream , " mine ! " it be over : he could not see or hear where Voldemort be ; he glimpse another Death Eater swoop out of the way and hear , " Avada - " as the pain from Harry 's scar force his eye shut , his wand act of its own accord . he feel it drag his hand around like some great magnet , see a spurt of golden fire through his half-closed eyelid , hear a crack and a scream of fury . the remain Death Eater yell ; Voldemort scream , " No ! " somehow , Harry find his nose an inch from the dragon-fire button . he punch it with his wand-free hand and the bike shoot more flame into the air , hurtle straight toward the ground . " Hagrid ! " Harry call , hold on to the bike for dear life . " Hagrid - Accio Hagrid ! " the motorbike speed up , suck towards the earth . face level with the handlebars , Harry could see nothing but distant light grow near and near : he be go to crash and there be nothing he could do about it . behind him come another scream , " your wand , Selwyn , give me your wand ! " he feel Voldemort before he see him . look sideways , he stare into the red eye and be sure they would be the last thing he ever see : Voldemort prepare to curse him once more - and then Voldemort vanish . Harry look down and see Hagrid spread-eagle on the ground below him . he pull hard at the handlebars to avoid hit him , grope for the brake , but with an earsplitting , ground tremble crash , he smash into a muddy pond . Chapter Five Fallen Warrior " Hagrid ? " Harry struggle to raise himself out of the debris of metal and leather that surround him ; his hand sink into inch of muddy water as he try to stand . he could not understand where Voldemort have go and expect him to swoop out of the darkness at any moment . something hot and wet be trickle down his chin and from his forehead . he crawl out of the pond and stumble toward the great dark mass on the ground that be Hagrid . " Hagrid ? Hagrid , talk to me - " but the dark mass do not stir . " who be there ? be it Potter ? be you Harry Potter ? " Harry do not recognize the man 's voice . then a woman shout . " they have crash . Ted ! crash in the garden ! " Harry 's head be swim . " Hagrid , " he repeat stupidly , and his knee buckle . the next thing he know , he be lie on his back on what feel like cushion , with a burning sensation in his rib and right arm . his missing tooth have be regrown . the scar on his forehead be still throb . " Hagrid ? " he open his eye and see that he be lie on a sofa in an unfamiliar , lamplit sit room . his rucksack lie on the floor a short distance away , wet and muddy . a fairhaired , big-bellied man be watch Harry anxiously . " Hagrid 's fine , son , " say the man , " the wife be see to him now . how be you feel ? anything else break ? I have fix your rib , your tooth , and your arm . I be Ted , by the way , Ted Tonks - Dora 's father . " Harry sit up too quickly . light pop in front of his eye and he feel sick and giddy . " Voldemort - " " Easy , now , " say Ted Tonks , place a hand on Harry 's shoulder and push him back against the cushion . " that be a nasty crash you just have . what happen , anyway ? something go wrong with the bike ? Arthur Weasley overstretch himself again , him and his Muggle contraption ? " " no , " say Harry , as his scar pulse like an open wound . " death eater , load of them - we be chase - " " Death Eaters ? " say Ted sharply . " what d'you mean , Death Eaters ? I think they do n't know you be be move tonight , I think - " " they know , " say Harry . Ted Tonks look up at the ceiling as though he could see through it to the sky above . " well , we know our protective charm hold , then , do n't we ? they should n't be able to get within a hundred yard of the place in any direction . " now Harry understand why Voldemort have vanish ; it have be at the point when the motorbike cross the barrier of the order 's charm . he only hope they would continue to work : he imagine Voldemort , a hundred yard above them as they speak , look for a way to penetrate what Harry visualize as a great transparent bubble . he swing his leg off the sofa ; he need to see Hagrid with his own eye before he would believe that he be alive . he have barely stand up , however , when a door open and Hagrid squeeze through it , his face cover in mud and blood , limp a little but miraculously alive . " Harry ! " knock over two delicate table and an aspidistra , he cover the floor between them in two stride and pull Harry into a hug that nearly crack his newly repair rib . " Blimey , Harry , how do yeh get out o ' that ? I think we be both goner . " " yeah , me too . I ca n't believe - " Harry break off . he have just notice the woman who have enter the room behind Hagrid . " you ! " he shout , and he thrust his hand into his pocket , but it be empty . " your wand be here , son , " say Ted , tap it on Harry 's arm . " it fall right beside you , I pick it up…And that be my wife you be shout at . " " oh , I be - I be sorry . " as she move forward into the room , Mrs. Tonks 's resemblance to her sister Bellatrix become much less pronounced : her hair be a light be oft brown and her eye be wide and kind . nevertheless , she look a little haughty after Harry 's exclamation . " what happen to our daughter ? " she ask . " Hagrid say you be ambush ; where be Nymphadora ? " " I do n't know , " say Harry . " we do n't know what happen to anyone else . " she and Ted exchange look . a mixture of fear and guilt grip Harry at the sight of their expression , if any of the other have die , it be his fault , all his fault . he have consent to the plan , give them his hair . . . " the Portkey , " he say , remember all of a sudden . " we have get to get back to the Burrow and find out - then we will be able to send you word , or - or Tonks will , once she be - " " Dora will be ok , ' Dromeda , " say Ted . " she know her stuff , she have be in plenty of tight spot with the Aurors . the Portkey be through here , " he add to Harry . " it be suppose to leave in three minute , if you want to take it . " " yeah , we do , " say Harry . he seize his rucksack , swing it onto his shoulder . " I - " he look at Mrs. Tonks , want to apologize for the state of fear in which he leave her and for which he feel so terribly responsible , but no word occur to him that he do not seem hollow and insincere . " I will tell Tonks - Dora - to send word , when she . . . thanks for patch us up , thanks for everything , I - " he be glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks along a short hallway and into a bedroom . Hagrid come after them , bend low to avoid hit his head on the door lintel . " there you go , son . that be the Portkey . " Mr. Tonks be point to a small , silver-backed hairbrush lie on the dress table . " thanks , " say Harry , reach out to place a finger on it , ready to leave . " wait a moment , " say Hagrid , look around . " Harry , where be Hedwig ? " " she . . . she get hit , " say Harry . the realization crash over him : he feel ashamed of himself as the tear sting his eye . the owl have be his companion , his one great link with the magical world whenever he have be force to return to the Dursley . Hagrid reach out a great hand and pat him painfully on the shoulder . " never mind , " he say gruffly , " never mind . she have a great old life - " " Hagrid ! " say Ted Tonks warningly , as the hairbrush glow bright blue , and Hagrid only just get his forefinger to it in time . with a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible hook and line have drag him forward , Harry be pull into nothingness , spin uncontrollably , his finger glue to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtle away from Mr. Tonks . second later , Harry 's foot slam onto hard ground and he fall onto his hand and knee in the yard of the Burrow . he hear scream . throw aside the no longer glowing hairbrush , Harry stand up , sway slightly , and see Mrs. Weasley and Ginny run down the step by the back door as Hagrid , who have also collapse on landing , clamber laboriously to his foot . " Harry ? you be the real Harry ? what happen ? where be the other ? " cry Mrs. Weasley . " what d'you mean ? be n't anyone else back ? " Harry pant . the answer be clearly etch in Mrs. Weasley 's pale face . " the Death Eaters be wait for us , " Harry tell her , " we be surround the moment we take off - they know it be tonight - I do n't know what happen to anyone else , four of them chase us , it be all we could do to get away , and then Voldemort catch up with us - " he could hear the self-justifying note in his voice , the plea for her to understand why he do not know what have happen to her son , but - " thank goodness you be all right , " she say , pull him into a hug he do not feel he deserve . " have n't go ' any brandy , have yeh , Molly ? " ask Hagrid a little shakily , " Fer medicinal purpose ? " she could have summon it by magic , but as she hurry back toward the crooked house , Harry know that she want to hide her face . he turn to Ginny and she answer his unspoken plea for information at once . " Ron and Tonks should have be back first , but they miss their Portkey , it come back without them , " she say , point at a rusty oil can lie on the ground nearby . " and that one , " she point at an ancient sneaker , " should have be Dad and Fred 's , they be suppose to be second . you and Hagrid be third and , " she check her watch , " if they make it , George and Lupin aught to be back in about a minute . " Mrs. Weasley reappear carry a bottle of brandy , which she hand to Hagrid . he uncork it and drink it straight down in one . " mum ! " shout Ginny point to a spot several foot away . a blue light have appear in the darkness : it grow large and bright , and Lupin and George appear , spin and then fall . Harry know immediately that there be something wrong : lupin be support George , who be unconscious and whose face be cover in blood . Harry run forward and seize George 's leg . together , he and Lupin carry George into the house and through the kitchen to the live room , where they lay him on the sofa . as the lamplight fall across George 's head , Ginny gasp and Harry 's stomach lurch : one of George 's ear be miss . the side of his head and neck be drench in wet , shockingly scarlet blood . no sooner have Mrs. Weasley bent over her son that Lupin grab Harry by the upper arm and drag him , none too gently , back into the kitchen , where Hagrid be still attempt to ease his bulk through the back door . " Oi ! " say Hagrid indignantly , " Le ' go of him ! Le ' go of Harry ! " lupin ignore him . " what creature sit in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visit my office at Hogwarts ? " he say , give Harry a small shake . " answer me ! " " a - a grindylow in a tank , be n't it ? " lupin release Harry and fall back against a kitchen cupboard . " Wha ' be tha ' about ? " roar Hagrid . " I be sorry , Harry , but I have to check , " say Lupin tersely . " we have be betray . Voldemort know that you be be move tonight and the only people who could have tell him be directly involve in the plan . you might have be an impostor . " " so why aren ' you checkin ' me ? " pant Hagrid , still struggle with the door . " you be half-giant , " say Lupin , look up at Hagrid . " the Polyjuice Potion be design for human use only . " " none of the Order would have tell Voldemort we be move tonight , " say Harry . the idea be dreadful to him , he could not believe it of any of them . " Voldemort only catch up with me toward the end , he do n't know which one I be in the beginning . if he have be in on the plan he will have know from the start I be the one with Hagrid . " " Voldemort catch up with you ? " say Lupin sharply . " what happen ? how do you escape ? " Harry explain how the Death Eaters pursue them have seem to recognize him as the true Harry , how they have abandon the chase , how they must have summon Voldemort , who have appear just before he and Hagrid have reach the sanctuary of Tonks 's parent . " they recognize you ? but how ? what have you do ? " " I . . . " Harry try to remember ; the whole journey seem like a blur of panic and confusion . " I see Stan Shunpike . . . . you know , the bloke who be the conductor on the Knight Bus ? and I try to Disarm him instead of - well , he do n't know what he be do , do he ? he must be Imperiused ! " lupin look aghast . " Harry , the time for Disarming be past ! these people be try to capture and kill you ! at least Stun if you be n't prepare to kill ! " " we be hundred of foot up ! Stan be not himself , and if I stun him and he have fall , he will have die the same as if I have use Avada Kedavra ! Expelliarmus save me from Voldemort two year ago , " Harry add defiantly . lupin be remind him of the sneering Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith , who have jeer at Harry for want to teach Dumbledore 's army how to Disarm . " yes , Harry , " say Lupin with painful restraint , " and a great number of Death Eaters witness that happen ! forgive me , but it be a very unusual move then , under the imminent threat of death . repeat it tonight in front of Death Eaters who either witness or hear about the first occasion be close to suicidal ! " " so you think I should have kill Stan Shunpike ? " say Harry angrily . " of course not , " say Lupin , " but the Death Eaters - frankly , most people ! - would have expect you to attack back ! Expelliarmus be a useful spell , Harry , but the Death Eaters seem to think it be your signature move , and I urge you not to let it become so ! " lupin be make Harry feel idiotic , and yet there be still a grain of defiance inside him . " I wo n't blast people out of my way just because they be there , " say Harry , " that be Voldemort 's job . " lupin 's retort be lose : finally succeed in squeeze through the door , Hagrid stagger to a chair and sit down ; it collapse beneath him . ignore his mingle oath and apology , Harry address Lupin again . " Will George be okay ? " all Lupin 's frustration with Harry seem to drain away at the question . " I think so , although there be no chance of replace his ear , not when it have be curse off - " there be a scuffle from outside . lupin dive for the back door ; Harry leap over Hagrid 's leg and sprint into the yard . two figure have appear in the yard , and as Harry run toward them he realize they be Hermione , now return to her normal appearance , and Kingsley , both clutch a bent coat hanger , Hermione fling herself into Harry 's arm , but Kingsley show no pleasure at the sight of any of them . over Hermione 's shoulder Harry see him raise his wand and point it at Lupin 's chest . " the last word Albus Dumbledore speak to the pair of us ! " " ' Harry be the good hope we have . trust him , ' " say Lupin calmly . Kingsley turn his wand on Harry , but Lupin say , " it be him , I have check ! " " all right , all right ! " say Kingsley , stow his wand back beneath his cloak , " but somebody betray us ! they know , they know it be tonight ! " " so it seem , " reply Lupin , " but apparently they do not realize that there would be seven Harry . " " small comfort ! " snarl Kingsley . " who else be back ? " " only Harry , Hagrid , George , and me . " Hermione stifle a little moan behind her hand . " what happen to you ? " lupin ask Kingsley . " follow by five , injure two , might have kill one , " Kingsley reel off , " and we see You-Know-Who as well , he join the chase halfway through but vanish pretty quickly . Remus , he can - " " Fly , " supply Harry . " I see him too , he come after Hagrid and me . " " so that be why he leave , to follow you ! " say Kingsley , " I could n't understand why he have vanish . but what make him change target ? " " Harry behave a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike , " say Lupin . " Stan ? " repeat Hermione . " but I think he be in Azkaban ? " Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh . " Hermione , there be obviously be a mass breakout which the Ministry have hush up . Travers 's hood fall off when I curse him , he be suppose to be inside too . but what happen to you , Remus ? where be George ? " " he lose an ear , " say Lupin . " lose an -- ? " repeat Hermione in a high voice . " Snape 's work , " say Lupin . " Snape ? " shout Harry . " you do n't say - " " he lose his hood during the chase . Sectumsempra be always a specialty of Snape 's . I wish I could say I have pay him back in kind , but it be all I could do to keep George on the broom after he be injure , he be lose so much blood . " silence fall between the four of them as they look up at the sky . there be no sign of movement ; the star stare back , unblinking , indifferent , unobscured by fly friend . where be Ron ? where be Fred and Mr. Weasley ? where be Bill , Fleur , Tonks , Mad-Eye , and Mundungus ? " Harry , give us a hand ! " call Hagrid hoarsely from the door , in which he be stick again . glad of something to do , Harry pull him free , the head through the empty kitchen and back into the sit room , where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny be still tend to George . Mrs. Weasley have staunch his bleeding now , and by the lamplight Harry see a clean gape hole where George 's ear have be . " how be he ? " Mrs. Weasley look around and say , " I ca n't make it grow back , not when it have be remove by Dark Magic . but it could have be so much bad . . . . he be alive . " " yeah , " say Harry . " thank God . " " do I hear someone else in the yard ? " Ginny ask . " Hermione and Kingsley , " say Harry . " thank goodness , " Ginny whisper . they look at each other ; Harry want to hug her , hold on to her ; he do not even care much that Mrs. Weasley be there , but before he could act on the impulse , there be a great crash from the kitchen . " I will prove who I be , Kingsley , after I have see my son , now back off if you know what be good for you ! " Harry have never hear Mr. Weasley shout like that before . he burst into the live room , his bald patch gleam with sweat , his spectacle askew , Fred right behind him , both pale but uninjured . " Arthur ! " sob Mrs. Weasley . " oh thank goodness ! " " how be he ? " Mr. Weasley drop to his knee beside George . for the first time since Harry have know him , Fred seem to be lose for word . he gape over the back of the sofa at his twin be wind as if he could not believe what he be see . perhaps rouse by the sound of Fred and their father 's arrival , George stir . " how do you feel , Georgie ? " whisper Mrs. Weasley . George 's finger grope for the side of his head . " saintlike , " he murmur . " what be wrong with him ? " croak Fred , look terrify . " be his mind affect ? " " saintlike , " repeat George , open his eye and look up at his brother . " you see . . . I be holy . Holey , Fred , geddit ? " Mrs. Weasley sob harder than ever . Color flood Fred 's pale face . " pathetic , " he tell George . " pathetic ! with the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you , you go for holey ? " " ah well , " say George , grin at his tear-soaked mother . " you will be able to tell us apart now , anyway , Mum . " he look around . " hi , Harry - you be Harry , right ? " " yeah , I be , " say Harry , move closer to the sofa . " well , at least we get you back okay , " say George . " why be n't Ron and Bill huddle round my sickbed ? " " they be not back yet , George , " say Mrs. Weasley . George 's grin fade . Harry glance at Ginny and motion to her to accompany him back outside . as they walk through the kitchen she say in a low voice . " Ron and Tonks should be back by now . they do n't have a long journey ; Auntie Muriel be not that far from here . " Harry say nothing . he have be try to keep fear at bay ever since reach the Burrow , but now it envelop him , seem to crawl over his skin , throb in his chest , clog his throat . as they walk down the back step into the dark yard , Ginny take his hand . Kingsley be stride backward and forward , glance up at the sky every time he turn . Harry be remind of Uncle Vernon pace the live room a million year ago . Hagrid , Hermione , and Lupin stand shoulder to shoulder , gaze upward in silence . none of them look around when Harry and Ginny join their silent vigil . the minute stretch into what might as well have be year . the slight breath of wind make them all jump and turn toward the whisper bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing order member might leap unscathed from its leaf - and then a broom materialize directly above them and streak toward the ground - " it be them ! " scream Hermione . tonk land in a long skid that send earth and pebble everywhere . " Remus ! " tonk cry as she stagger off the broom into Lupin 's arm . his face be set and white : he seem unable to speak , Ron trip dazedly toward Harry and Hermione . " you be okay , " he mumble , before Hermione fly at him and hug him tightly . " I think - I think - " " ' M all right , " say Ron , pat her on the back . " ' M fine . " " Ron be great , " say Tonks warmly , relinquish her hold on Lupin . " wonderful . stun one of the Death Eaters , straight to the head , and when you be aim at a move target from a fly broom - " " you do ? " say Hermione , gaze up at Ron with her arm still around his neck . " always the tone of surprise , " he say a little grumpily , break free . " be we the last back ? " " no , " say Ginny , " we be still wait for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungus . I be go to tell Mum and Dad you be okay , Ron - " she run back inside . " so what keep you ? what happen ? " lupin sound almost angry at Tonks . " Bellatrix , " say Tonks . " she want me quite as much as she want Harry , Remus , she try very hard to kill me . I just wish I will got her , I owe Bellatrix . but we definitely injure Rodolphus . . . . then we get to Ron 's Auntie Muriel 's and we miss our Portkey and she be fuss over us - " a muscle be jump in Lupin 's jaw . he nod , but seem unable to say anything else . " so what happen to you lot ? " Tonks ask , turn to Harry , Hermione , and Kingsley . they recount the story of their own journey , but all the time the continued absence of Bill , Fleur , Mad-Eye , and Mundungus seem to lie upon them like a frost , its icy bite harder and harder to ignore . " I be go to have to get back to Downing Street , I should have be there an hour ago , " say Kingsley finally , after a last sweeping gaze at the sky . " let me know when they be back , . " lupin nod . with a wave to the other , Kingsley walk away into the darkness toward the gate . Harry think he hear the faint pop as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrow 's boundary . Mr. and Mrs. Weasley come race down the back step , Ginny behind them . both parent hug Ron before turn to Lupin and Tonks . " thank you , " say Mrs. Weasley , " for our son . " " do n't be silly , Molly , " say Tonks at once . " how be George ? " ask Lupin . " what be wrong with him ? " pipe up Ron . " he be lose - " but the end of Mrs. Weasley 's sentence be drown in a general outcry . a thestral have just soar into sight and land a few foot from them . Bill and Fleur slide from its back , windswept but unhurt . " bill ! thank God , thank God - " Mrs. Weasley run forward , but the hug bill bestow upon her be perfunctory . look directly at his father , he say , " Mad-Eye be dead . " nobody speak , nobody move . Harry feel as though something inside him be fall , fall through the earth , leave him forever . " we see it , " say Bill ; Fleur nod , tear track glitter on her cheek in the light from the kitchen window . " it happen just after we break out of the circle : MadEye and Dung be close by us , they be head north too . Voldemort - he can fly - go straight for them . dung panick , I hear him cry out , Mad-Eye try to stop him , but he Disapparated . Voldemort 's curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face , he fall backward off his broom and - there be nothing we could do , nothing , we have half a dozen of them on our own tail - " Bill 's voice break . " of course you could n't have do anything , " say Lupin . they all stand look at each other . Harry could not quite comprehend it . MadEye dead ; it could not be . . . . Mad-Eye , so tough , so brave , the consummate survivor . . . at last it seem to dawn on everyone , though nobody say it , that there be no point of wait in the yard anymore , and in silence they follow Mr. and Mrs. Weasley back into the Burrow , and into the live room , where Fred and George be laugh together . " what be wrong ? " say Fred , scan their face as they enter , " what be happen ? who be -- ? " " Mad-Eye , " say Mr. Weasley , " Dead . " the twin ' grin turn to grimace of shock . nobody seem to know what to do . tonk be cry silently into a handkerchief : she have be close to Mad-Eye , Harry know , his favorite and his protégée at the Ministry of Magic . Hagrid , who have sit down on the floor in the corner where he have most space , be dab at his eye with his tablecloth-sized handkerchief . bill walk over to the sideboard and pull out a bottle of fire-whisky and some glass . " here , " he say , and with a wave of his wand , eh send twelve full glass soar through the room to each of them , hold the thirteenth aloft . " Mad-Eye . " " Mad-Eye , " they all say , and drink . " Mad-Eye , " echo Hagrid , a little late , with a hiccup . the firewhisky sear Harry 's throat . it seem to burn feel back into him , dispel the numbness and sense of unreality fire him with something that be like courage . " so Mundungus disappear ? " say Lupin , who have drain his own glass in one . the atmosphere change at once . everybody look tense , watch Lupin , both want him to go on , it seem to Harry , and slightly afraid of what they might hear . " I know what you be think , " say Bill , " and I wonder that too , on the way back here , because they seem to be expect us , do n't they ? but Mundungus ca n't have betray us . they do n't know there would be seven Harry , that confuse them the moment we appear , and in case you have forget , it be Mundungus who suggest that little bit of skullduggery . why would n't he have tell them the essential point ? I think Dung panick , it be as simple as that . he do n't want to come in the first place , but MadEye make him , and You-Know-Who go straight for them . it be enough to make anyone panic . " " You-Know-Who act exactly as Mad-Eye expect him to , " sniff Tonks . " Mad-Eye say he will expect the real Harry to be with the tough , most skilled Aurors . he chase Mad-Eye first , and when Mundungus give them away he switch to Kingsley . . . . " " yes , and zat eez all very good , " snap Fleur , " but still eet do not explain ' ow zey know we be move ' Arry tonight , do eet ? somebody must ' ave be careless . somebody let slip ze date to an outsider . it be ze only explanation for zem know ze date but not ze ' ole plan . " she glare around at them all , tear track still etch on her beautiful face , silently dare any of them to contradict her . nobody do . the only sound to break the silence be that of Hagrid hiccupping from behind his handkerchief . Harry glance at Hagrid , who have just risk his own life to save Harry 's - Hagrid , whom he love , whom he trust , who have once be trick into give Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon 's egg . . . . " no , " Harry say aloud , and they all look at him , surprise : the firewhisky seem to have amplify his voice . " I mean . . . if somebody make a mistake , " Harry go on , " and let something slip , I know they do n't mean to do it . it be not their fault , " he repeat , again a little loud than he would usually have speak . " we have get to trust each other . I trust all of you , I do n't think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort . " more silence follow his word . they be all look at him ; Harry feel a little hot again , and drink some more firewhisky for something to do . as he drink , he think of Mad-Eye . Mad-Eye have always be scathing about Dumbledore 's willingness to trust people . " well say , Harry , " say Fred unexpectedly . " year , ' ear , ' ear , " say George , with half a glance at Fred , the corner of whose mouth twitch . lupin be wear an odd expression as he look at Harry . it be close to pity . " you think I be a fool ? " demand Harry . " no , I think you be like James , " say Lupin , " who would have regard it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friend . " Harry know what Lupin be get at : that his father have be betray by his friend Peter Pettigrew . he feel irrationally angry . he want to argue , but Lupin have turn away from him , set down his glass upon a side table , and address Bill , " there be work to do . I can ask Kingsley whether - " " no , " say Bill at once , " I will do it , I will come . " " where be you go ? " say Tonks and Fleur together . " Mad-Eye 's body , " say Lupin . " we need to recover it . " " can n't it -- ? " begin Mrs. Weasley with an appealing look at Bill . " wait ? " say Bill , " not unless you will rather the Death Eaters take it ? " nobody speak . lupin and Bill say good bye and leave . the rest of them now drop into chair , all except for Harry , who remain standing . the suddenness and completeness of death be with them like a presence . " I have get to go too , " say Harry . ten pair of startle eye look at him . " do n't be silly , Harry , " say Mrs. Weasley , " what be you talk about ? " " I ca n't stay here . " he rub his forehead ; it be prickle again , he have not hurt like this for more than a year . " you be all in danger while I be here . I do n't want - " " but do n't be so silly ! " say Mrs. Weasley . " the whole point of tonight be to get you here safely , and thank goodness it work . and Fleur be agree to get marry here rather than in France , we have arrange everything so that we can all stay together and look after you - " she do not understand ; she be make him feel bad , not good . " if Voldemort find out I be here - " " but why should he ? " ask Mrs. Weasley . " there be a dozen place you might be now , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley . " he be get no way of know which safe house you be in . " " it be not me I be worry for ! " say Harry . " we know that , " say Mr. Weasley quietly , but it would make our effort tonight seem rather pointless if you leave . " " Yer not goin ' anywhere , " growl Hagrid . " Blimey , Harry , after all we wen ' through ter get you here ? " " yeah , what about my bleeding ear ? " say George , hoist himself up on his cushion . " I know that - " " Mad-Eye would n't want - " " I Know ! " Harry bellow . he feel beleaguer and blackmail : do they think he do not know what they have do for him , do n't they understand that it be for precisely that reason that he want to go now , before they have to suffer any more on his behalf ? there be a long and awkward silence in which his scar continue to prickle and throb , and which be break at last by Mrs. Weasley . " where be Hedwig , Harry ? " she say coaxingly . " we can put her up with Pidwidgeon and give her something to eat . " his inside clench like a fist . he could not tell her the truth . he drink the last of his firewhisky to avoid answering . " wait till it get out Yeh do it again , Harry , " say Hagrid . " escape him , fight him off when he be right on top of Yeh ! " " it be n't me , " say Harry flatly . " it be my wand . my wand act of its own accord . " after a few moment , Hermione say gently , " but that be impossible , Harry . you mean that you do magic without mean to ; you react instinctively . " " no , " say Harry . " the bike be fall , I could n't have tell you where Voldemort be , but my wand spin in my hand and find him and shoot a spell at him , and it be n't even a spell I recognize . I have never make gold flame appear before . " " often , " say Mr. Weasley , " when you be in a pressure situation you can produce magic you never dream of . small child often find , before they be train - " " it be n't like that , " say Harry through grit tooth . his scar be burn . he feel angry and frustrated ; he hate the idea that they be all imagine him to have power to match Voldemort 's . no one say anything . he know that they do not believe him . now that he come to think of it , he have never hear of a wand perform magic on its own before . his scar sear with pain , it be all he could do not to moan aloud . mutter about fresh air , he set down his glass and leave the room . as he cross the yard , the great skeletal thestral look up - rustle its enormous batlike wing , then resume its grazing . Harry stop at the gate into the garden , stare out at its overgrow plant , rub his pound forehead and thinking of Dumbledore . Dumbledore would have believe him , he know it . Dumbledore would have know how and why Harry 's wand have act independently , because Dumbledore always have the answer ; he have know about wand , have explain to Harry the strange connection that exist between his wand and Voldemort 's . . . . but Dumbledore , like Mad-Eye , like Sirius , like his parent , like his poor owl , all be go where Harry could never talk to them again . he feel a burning in his throat that have nothing to do with firewhisky . . . . and then , out of nowhere , the pain in his scar peak . as he clutch his forehead and close his eye , a voice scream inside his head . " you tell me the problem would be solve by use another be wand ! " and into his mind burst the vision of an emaciate old man lie in rag upon a stone floor , scream , a horrible drawn-out scream , a scream of unendurable agony . . . . " no ! no ! I beg you , I beg you . . . . " " you lie to Lord Voldemort , Ollivander ! " " I do not . . . . I swear I do not . . . . " " you seek to help Potter , to help him escape me ! " " I swear I do not . . . . I believe a different wand would work . . . . " " explain , then , what happen . Lucius 's wand be destroy ! " " I can understand . . . . the connection . . . exist only . . between your two wand . . . . " " lie ! " " please . . . I beg you . . . . " and Harry see the white hand raise its wand and feel Voldemort 's surge of vicious anger , see the frail old main on the floor writhe in agony - " Harry ? " it be over as quickly as it have come : Harry stand shake in the darkness , clutch the gate into the garden , his heart racing , his scar still tingle . it be several moment before he realize that Ron and Hermione be at his side . " Harry , come back in the house , " Hermione whisper , " you be n't still think of leave ? " " yeah , you have get to stay , mate , " say Ron , thump Harry on the back . " be you all right ? " Hermione ask , close enough now to look into Harry 's face . " you look awful ! " " well , " say Harry shakily , " I probably look good than Ollivander . . . . " when he have finish tell them what he have see , Ron look appall , but Hermione downright terrify . " but it be suppose to have stop ! your scar - it be n't suppose to do this anymore ! you must n't let that connection open up again - Dumbledore want you to close your mind ! " when he do not reply , she grip his arm . " Harry , he be take over the Ministry and the newspaper and half the Wizarding world ! do n't let him inside your head too ! " Chapter Six The Ghoul in Pajamas the shock of lose Mad-Eye hang over the house in the day that follow ; Harry keep expect to see him stump in through the back door like the other order member , who pass in and out to relay news . Harry feel that nothing but action would assuage his feeling of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible . " well , you ca n't do anything about the " - Ron mouth the word Horcruxes - " till you be seventeen . you have still get the Trace on you . and we can plan here as well as anywhere , ca n't we ? or , " he drop his voice to a whisper , " d'you reckon you already know where the You-Know-Whats be ? " " no , " Harry admit . " I think Hermione have be do a bit of research , " say Ron . " she say she be save it for when you get here . " they be sit at the breakfast table ; Mr. Weasley and Bill have just leave for work . Mrs. Weasley have go upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny , while Fleur have drift off to take a bath . " the Trace will break on the thirty-first , " say Harry . " that mean I only need to stay here four day . then I can - " " Five day , " Ron correct him firmly . " we have get to stay for the wedding . they will kill us if we miss it . " Harry understand " they " to mean Fleur and Mrs. Weasley . " it be one extra day , " say Ron , when Harry look mutinous . " do n't they realize how important - ? " " ' Course they do n't , " say Ron . " they have n't get a clue . and now you mention it , I want to talk to you about that . " Ron glance toward the door into the hall to check that Mrs. Weasley be not return yet , then lean in closer to Harry . " Mum have be try to get it out of Hermione and me . what we be off to do . she will try you next , so brace yourself . Dad and Lupin have both ask as well , but when we say Dumbledore tell you not to tell anyone except us , they drop it . not Mum , though . she be determine . " Ron 's prediction come true within hour . shortly before lunch , Mrs. Weasley detach Harry from the other by ask him to help identify a lone man 's sock that she think might have come out of his rucksack . once she have him corner in the tiny scullery off the kitchen , she start . " Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you be drop out of Hogwarts , " she begin in a light , casual tone . " oh , " say Harry . " well , yeah . we be . " the mangle turn of its own accord in a corner , wring out what look like one of Mr. Weasley 's vest . " may I ask why you be abandon your education ? " say Mrs. Weasley . " well , Dumbledore leave me . . . stuff to do , " mumble Harry . " Ron and Hermione know about it , and they want to come too . " " what sort of ' stuff ' ? " " I be sorry , I ca n't - " " well , frankly , I think Arthur and I have a right to know , and I be sure Mr. and Mrs. Granger would agree ! " say Mrs. Weasley . Harry have be afraid of the " concerned parent " attack . he force himself to look directly into her eye , notice as he do so that they be precisely the same shade of brown as Ginny 's . this do not help . " Dumbledore do n't want anyone else to know , Mrs. Weasley . I be sorry . Ron and Hermione do n't have to come , it be their choice - " " I do n't see that you have to go either ! " she snap , drop all pretense now . " you be barely of age , any of you ! it be utter nonsense , if Dumbledore need work do , he have the whole order at his command ! Harry , you must have misunderstand him . probably he be tell you something he want do , and you take it to mean that he want you - " " I do n't misunderstand , " say Harry flatly . " it be get to be me . " he hand her back the single sock he be suppose to be identify , which be pattern with golden bulrush . " and that be not mine . I do n't support Puddlemere United . " " oh , of course not , " say Mrs. Weasley with a sudden and rather unnerve return to her casual tone . " I should have realize . well , Harry , while we have still get you here , you wo n't mind help with the preparation for Bill and Fleur 's wedding , will you ? there be still so much to do . " " no - I - of course not , " say Harry , disconcert by this sudden change of subject . " sweet of you , " she reply , and she smile as she leave the scullery . from that moment on , Mrs. Weasley keep Harry , Ron and Hermione so busy with preparation for the wedding that they hardly have any time to think . the kind explanation of this behavior would have be that Mrs. Weasley want to distract them all from thought of Mad-Eye and the terror of their recent journey . after two day of nonstop cutlery cleaning , of color-matching favors , ribbon , and flower , of de-gnoming the garden and help Mrs. Weasley cook vast batch of canapé , however , Harry start to suspect her of a different motive . all the job she hand out seem to keep him , Ron , and Hermione away from one another ; he have not have a chance to speak to the two of them alone since the first night , when he have tell them about Voldemort torture Ollivander . " I think Mum think that if she can stop the three of you get together and plan , she will be able to delay you leave , " Ginny tell Harry in an undertone , as they lay the table for dinner on the third night of his stay . " and then what do she think be go to happen ? " Harry mutter . " someone else might kill off Voldemort while she be hold us here make vol-au-vent ? " he have speak without thinking , and see Ginny 's face whiten . " so it be true ? " she say . " that be what you be try to do ? " " I - not - I be joke , " say Harry evasively . they stare at each other , and there be something more than shock in Ginny 's expression . suddenly Harry become aware that this be the first time that he have be alone with her since those steal hour in secluded corner of the Hogwarts ground . he be sure she be remember them too . both of them jump as the door open , and Mr. Weasley , Kingsley , and Bill walk in . they be often join by other order member for dinner now , because the Burrow have replace number twelve , Grimmauld Place as the headquarters . Mr. Weasley have explain that after the death of Dumbledore , their Secret-Keeper , each of the people to whom Dumbledore have confide Grimmauld Place 's location have become a SecretKeeper in turn . " and as there be around twenty of us , that greatly dilute the power of the Fidelius Charm . twenty time as many opportunity for the Death Eaters to get the secret out of somebody . we ca n't expect it to hold much longer . " " but surely Snape will have tell the Death Eaters the address by now ? " ask Harry . " well , Mad-Eye set up a couple of curse against Snape in case he turn up there again . we hope they will be strong enough both to keep him out and to bind his tongue if he try to talk about the place , but we ca n't be sure . it would have be insane to keep use the place as headquarters now that its protection have become so shaky . " the kitchen be so crowd that evening it be difficult to maneuver knife and fork . Harry find himself cram beside Ginny ; the unsaid thing that have just pass between them make him wish they have be separate by a few more people . he be try so hard to avoid brush her arm he could barely cut his chicken . " no news about Mad-Eye ? " Harry ask Bill . " nothing , " reply Bill . they have not be able to hold a funeral for Moody , because Bill and Lupin have fail to recover his body . it have be difficult to know where he might have fall , give the darkness and the confusion of the battle . " the Daily Prophet have n't say a word about him die or about find the body , " Bill go on . " but that do n't mean much . it be keep a lot quiet these day . " " and they still have n't call a hearing about all the underage magic I use escape the Death Eaters ? " Harry call across the table to Mr. Weasley , who shake his head . " because they know I have no choice or because they do n't want me to tell the world Voldemort attack me ? " " the latter , I think . Scrimgeour do n't want to admit that You-Know-Who be as powerful as he be , nor that Azkaban have see a mass breakout . " " yeah , why tell the public the truth ? " say Harry , clench his knife so tightly that the faint scar on the back of his right hand stand out , white against his skin : I must not tell lie . " be n't anyone at the Ministry prepare to stand up to him ? " ask Ron angrily . " of course , Ron , but people be terrify , " Mr. Weasley reply , " terrify that they will be next to disappear , their child the next to be attack ! there be nasty rumor go around ; I for one do n't believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resign . she have n't be see for week now . meanwhile Scrimgeour remain shut up in his office all day ; I just hope he be work on a plan . " there be a pause in which Mrs. Weasley magicked the empty plate onto the work surface and serve apple tart . " we must decide ' ow you will be disguise , ' Arry , " say Fleur , once everyone have pudding . " for ze wedding , " she add , when he look confused . " of course , none of our guest be Death Eaters , but we can guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey ' ave ' ad champagne . " from this , Harry gather that she still suspect Hagrid . " yes , good point , " say Mrs. Weasley from the top of the table where she sit , spectacle perch on the end of her nose , scan an immense list of job that she have scribble on a very long piece of parchment . " now , Ron , have you clean out your room yet ? " " why ? " exclaim Ron , slam his spoon down and glare at his mother . " why do my room have to be clean out ? Harry and I be fine with it the way it be ! " " we be hold your brother be wed here in a few day ' time , young man - " " and be they get married in my bedroom ? " ask Ron furiously . " no ! so why in the name of Merlin 's saggy leave - " " do n't talk to your mother like that , " say Mr. Weasley firmly . " and do as you be tell . " Ron scowl at both his parent , then pick up his spoon and attack the last few mouthful of his apple tart . " I can help , some of it be my mess . " Harry tell Ron , but Mrs. Weasley cut across him . " no , Harry , dear , I will much rather you help Arthur much out the chicken , and Hermione , I will be ever so grateful if you will change the sheet for Monsieur and Madame Delacour ; you know they be arrive at eleven tomorrow morning . " but as it turn out , there be very little to do for the chicken . " there be no need to , er , mention it to Molly , " Mr. Weasley tell Harry , block his access to the coop , " but , er , Ted Tonks send me most of what be leave of Sirius 's bike and , er , I be hide - that be to say , keep - it in here . fantastic stuff : there be an exhaust gaskin , as I believe it be call , the most magnificent battery , and it will be a great opportunity to find out how brake work . I be go to try and put it all back together again when Molly be not - I mean , when I have get time . " when they return to the house , Mrs. Weasley be nowhere to be see , so Harry slip upstairs to Ron 's attic bedroom . " I be do it , I be do - ! oh , it be you , " say Ron in relief , as Harry enter the room . Ron lie back down on the bed , which he have evidently just vacate . the room be just as messy as it have be all week ; the only chance be that Hermione be now sit in the far corner , her fluffy ginger cat , Crookshanks , at her foot , sort book , some of which Harry recognize as his own , into two enormous pile . " hi , Harry , " she say , as he sit down on his camp bed . " and how do you manage to get away ? " " oh , Ron 's mum forget that she ask Ginny and me to change the sheet yesterday , " say Hermione . she throw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and the rise and fall of the dark art onto the other . " we be just talk about Mad-Eye , " Ron tell Harry . " I reckon he might have survive . " " but Bill see him hit by the Killing Curse , " say Harry . " yeah , but Bill be under attack too , " say Ron . " how can he be sure what he see ? " " even if the Killing Curse miss , Mad-Eye still fall about a thousand foot , " say Hermione , now weight Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland in her hand . " he could have use a Shield Charm - " " Fleur say his wand be blast out of his hand , " say Harry . " well , all right , if you want him to be dead , " say Ron grumpily , punch his pillow into a more comfortable shape . " of course we do n't want him to be dead ! " say Hermione , look shock . " it be dreadful that he be dead ! but we be be realistic ! " for the first time , Harry imagine Mad-Eye 's body , break as Dumbledore 's have be , yet with that one eye still whiz in its socket . he feel a stab of revulsion mix with a bizarre desire to laugh . " the Death Eaters probably tidy up after themselves , that be why no one have find him , " say Ron wisely . " yeah , " say Harry . " like Barty Crouch , turn into a bone and bury in Hagrid 's front garden . they probably transfigure Moody and stuff him - " " do n't ! " squeal Hermione . startle , Harry look over just in time to see her burst into tear over her copy of Spellman 's Syllabary . " oh no , " say Harry , struggle to get up from the old camp bed . " Hermione , I be n't try to upset - " but with a great creak of rusty bedsprings , Ron bound off the bed and get there first . one arm around Hermione , he fish in his jean pocket and withdraw a revolting-looking handkerchief that he have use to clean out the oven earlier . hastily pull out his wand , he point it at the rag and say , " Tergeo . " the wand siphon off most of the grease . look rather pleased with himself , Ron hand the slightly smoke handkerchief to Hermione . " oh . . . thanks , Ron . . . . I be sorry . . . . " she blow her nose and hiccupped . " it be just so awf-ful , be n't it ? R-right after Dumbledore . . . I j-just n-never imagine Mad-Eye die , somehow , he seem so tough ! " " yeah , I know , " say Ron , give her a squeeze . " but you know what he will say to us if he be here ? " " ' C-constant vigilance , ' " say Hermione , mop her eye . " that be right , " say Ron , nod . " he will tell us to learn from what happen to him . and what I have learn be not to trust that cowardly little squit , Mundungus . " Hermione give a shaky laugh and lean forward to pick up two more book . a second later , Ron have snatch his arm back from around her shoulder ; she have drop the Monster of Monsters on his foot . the book have break free from its restraining belt and snap viciously at Ron 's ankle . " I be sorry , I be sorry ! " Hermione cry as Harry wrench the book from Ron 's leg and retied it shit . " what be you do with all those book anyway ? " Ron ask , limp back to his bed . " just try to decide which one to take with us , " say Hermione , " when we be look for the Horcruxes . " " oh , of course , " say Ron , clap a hand to his forehead . " I forget we will be hunt down Voldemort in a mobile library . " " Ha ha , " say Hermione , look down at Spellman 's Syllabary . " I wonder . . . will we need to translate rune ? it be possible . . . . I think we will well take it , to be safe . " she drop the syllabary onto the large of the two pile and pick up Hogwarts , a history . " listen , " say Harry . he have sit up straight . Ron and Hermione look at him with similar mixture of resignation and defiance . " I know you say after Dumbledore 's funeral that you want to come with me , " Harry begin . " here he go , " Ron say to Hermione , roll his eye . " as we know he would , " he sigh , turn back to the book . " you know , I think I will take Hogwarts , a history . even if we be not go back there , I do n't think I will feel right if I do n't have it with - " " Listen ! " say Harry again . " no , Harry , you listen , " say Hermione . " we be come with you . that be decide month ago - year , really . " " but - " " Shut up , " Ron advise him . " - be you sure you have think this through ? " Harry persist . " let be see , " say Hermione , slam Travels with Trolls onto the discard pile with a rather fierce look . " I have be pack for day , so we be ready to leave at a moment 's notice , which for your information have include do some pretty difficult magic , not to mention smuggle Mad-Eye 's whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Ron 's mum 's nose . " I have also modify my parent ' memory so that they be convinced they be really call Wendell and Monica Wilkins , and that their life 's ambition be to move to Australia , which they have now do . that be to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them down and interrogate them about me - or you , because unfortunately , I have tell them quite a bit about you . " assume I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes , I will find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment . if I do n't - well , I think I have cast a good enough charm to keep them safe and happy . Wendell and Monica Wilkins do n't know that they have get a daughter , you see . " Hermione 's eye be swim with tear again . Ron get back off the bed , put his arm around her once more , and frown at Harry as though reproach him for lack of tact . Harry could not think of anything to say , not least because it be highly unusual for Ron to be teach anyone else tact . " I - Hermione , I be sorry - I do n't - " " do n't realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you ? well , we do . Ron , show Harry what you have do . " " Nah , he be just eat , " say Ron . " go on , he need to know ! " " oh , all right . Harry , come here . " for the second time Ron withdraw his arm from around Hermione and stump over to the door . " C'mon . " " why ? " Harry ask , follow Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing . " Descendo , " mutter Ron , point his wand at the low ceiling . a hatch open right over their head and a ladder slide down to their foot . a horrible , half-sucking , halfmoaning sound come out of the square hole , along with an unpleasant smell like open drain . " that be your ghoul , be n't it ? " ask Harry , who have never actually meet the creature that sometimes disrupt the nightly silence . " yeah , it be , " say Ron , climb the ladder . " come and have a look at him . " Harry follow Ron up the few short step into the tiny attic space . his head and shoulder be in the room before he catch sight of the creature curl up a few foot from him , fast asleep in the gloom with its large mouth wide open . " but it . . . it look . . . do ghoul normally wear pajamas ? " " no , " say Ron . " nor have they usually get red hair or that number of pustule . " Harry contemplate the thing , slightly revolt . it be human in shape and size , and be wear what , now that Harry 's eye become use to the darkness , be clearly an old pair of Ron 's pajamas . he be also sure that ghoul be generally rather slimy and bald , rather than distinctly hairy and cover in angry purple blister . " he be me , see ? " say Ron . " no , " say Harry . " I do n't . " " I will explain it back in my room , the smell be get to me , " say Ron . they climb back down the ladder , which Ron return to the ceiling , and rejoin Hermione , who be still sort book . " once we have leave , the ghoul be go to come and live down here in my room , " say Ron . " I think he be really look forward to it - well , it be hard to tell , because all he can do be moan and drool - but he nod a lot when you mention it . anyway , he be go to be me with spattergroit . good , eh ? " Harry merely look his confusion . " it be ! " say Ron , clearly frustrate that Harry have not grasp the brilliance of the plan . " look , when we three do n't turn up at Hogwarts again , everyone be go to think Hermione and I must be with you , right ? which mean the Death Eaters will go straight for our family to see if they have get information on where you be . " " but hopefully it will look like I have go away with Mum and Dad ; a lot of Muggleborns be talk about go into hide at the moment , " say Hermione . " we ca n't hide my whole family , it will look too fishy and they ca n't all leave their job , " say Ron . " so we be go to put out the story that I be seriously ill with spattergroit , which be why I ca n't go back to school . if anyone come call to investigate , Mum or Dad can show them the ghoul in my bed , cover in pustule . Spattergroit be really contagious , so they be not go to want to go near him . it wo n't matter that he ca n't say anything , either , because apparently you ca n't once the fungus have spread to your uvula . " " and your mum and dad be in on this plan ? " ask Harry . " Dad be . he help Fred and George transform the ghoul . mum . . . well , you have see what she be like . she wo n't accept we be go till we be go . " there be silence in the room , break only by gentle thud as Hermione continue to throw book onto one pile or the other . Ron sit watch her , and Harry look from one to the other , unable to say anything . the measure they have take to protect their family make him realize , more than anything else could have do , that they really be go to come with him and that they know exactly how dangerous that would be . he want to tell them what that mean to him , but he simply could not find word important enough . through the silence come the muffle sound of Mrs. Weasley shout from four floor below . " Ginny 's probably leave a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring , " say Ron . " I dunno why the Delacours have get to come two day before the wedding . " " Fleur 's sister be a bridesmaid , she need to be here for the rehearsal , and she be too young to come on her own , " say Hermione , as she pore indecisively over break with a Banshee . " well , guest be n't go to help Mum 's stress level , " say Ron . " what we really need to decide , " say Hermione , toss Defensive Magical Theory into the bin without a second glance and pick up an Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe , " be where we be go after we leave here . I know you say you want to go to Godric 's Hollow first , Harry , and I understand why , but . . . well . . . should n't we make the Horcruxes our priority ? " " if we know where any of the Horcruxes be , I will agree with you , " say Harry , who do not believe that Hermione really understand his desire to return to Godric 's Hollow . his parent ' grave be only part of the attraction : he have a strong , though inexplicable , feel that the place hold answer for him . perhaps it be simply because it be there that he have survive Voldemort 's Killing Curse ; now that he be face the challenge of repeat the feat , Harry be draw to the place where it have happen , want to understand . " do n't you think there be a possibility that Voldemort be keep a watch on Godric 's Hollow ? " Hermione ask . " he might expect you to go back and visit your parent ' grave once you be free to go wherever you like ? " this have not occur to Harry . while he struggle to find a counterargument , Ron speak up , evidently follow his own train of thought . " this R.A.B. person , " he say . " you know , the one who steal the real locket ? " Hermione nod . " he say in his note he be go to destroy it , do n't he ? " Harry drag his rucksack toward him and pull out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B. 's note be still fold . " ' I have steal the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can . ' " Harry read out . " well , what if he do finish it off ? " say Ron . " or she . " interpose Hermione . " whichever , " say Ron . " it will be one less for us to do ! " " yes , but we be still go to have to try and trace the real locket , be n't we ? " say Hermione , " to find out whether or not it be destroy . " " and once we get hold of it , how do you destroy a Horcrux ? " ask Ron . " well , " say Hermione , " I have be research that . " " how ? " ask Harry . " I do n't think there be any book on Horcruxes in the library ? " " there be n't , " say Hermione , who have turn pink . " Dumbledore remove them all , but he - he do n't destroy them . " Ron sit up straight , wide-eyed . " how in the name of Merlin 's pant have you manage to get your hand on those Horcrux book ? " " it - it be n't steal ! " say Hermione , look from Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation . " they be still library book , even if Dumbledore have take them off the shelf . anyway , if he really do n't want anyone to get at them , I be sure he would have make it much harder to - " " get to the point ! " say Ron . " well . . . it be easy , " say Hermione in a small voice . " I just do a Summoning Charm . you know - Accio . and - they zoom out of Dumbledore 's study window right into the girl ' dormitory . " " but when do you do this ? " Harry ask , regard Hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity . " just after his - Dumbledore 's - funeral , " say Hermione in an even small voice . " right after we agree we will leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes . when I go back upstairs to get my thing it - it just occur to me that the more we know about them , the well it would be . . . and I be alone in there . . . so I try . . . and it work . they fly straight in through the open window and I - I pack them . " she swallow and then say imploringly , " I ca n't believe Dumbledore would have be angry , it be not as though we be go to use the information to make a Horcrux , be it ? " " can you hear us complain ? " say Ron . " where be these book anyway ? " Hermione rummage for a moment and then extract from the pile a large volume , bind in fade black leather . she look a little nauseate and hold it as gingerly as if it be something recently dead . " this be the one that give explicit instruction on how to make a Horcrux . secret of the Darkest Art - it be a horrible book , really awful , full of evil magic . I wonder when Dumbledore remove it from the library . . . . if he do n't do it until he be headmaster , I bet Voldemort get all the instruction he need from here . " " why do he have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux , then , if he will already read that ? " ask Ron . " he only approach Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven , " say Harry . " Dumbledore be sure Riddle already know how to make a Horcrux by the time he ask Slughorn about them . I think you be right , Hermione , that could easily have be where he get the information . " " and the more I have read about them , " say Hermione , " the more horrible they seem , and the less I can believe that he actually make six . it warn in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by rip it , and that be just by make one Horcrux ! " Harry remember what Dumbledore have say about Voldemort move beyond " usual evil . " " be n't there any way of put yourself back together ? " Ron ask . " yes , " say Hermione with a hollow smile , " but it would be excruciatingly painful . " " why ? how do you do it ? " ask Harry . " remorse , " say Hermione . " you have get to really feel what you have do . there be a footnote . apparently the pain of it can destroy you . I ca n't see Voldemort attempt it somehow , can you ? " " no , " say Ron , before Harry could answer . " so do it say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book ? " " yes , " say Hermione , now turn the fragile page as if examine rot entrails , " because it warn dark wizard how strong they have to make the enchantment on them . from all that I have read , what Harry do to Riddle 's diary be one of the few really foolproof way of destroy a Horcrux . " " what , stab it with a basilisk fang ? " ask Harry . " oh well , lucky we have get such a large supply of basilisk fang , then , " say Ron . " I be wonder what we be go to do with them . " " it do n't have to be a basilisk fang , " say Hermione patiently . " it have to be something so destructive that the Horcrux ca n't repair itself . basilisk venom only have one antidote , and it be incredibly rare - " " - phoenix tear , " say Harry , nod . " exactly , " say Hermione . " our problem be that there be very few substance as destructive as basilisk venom , and they be all dangerous to carry around with you . that be a problem we be go to have to solve , though , because ripping , smashing , or crush a Horcrux wo n't do the trick . you have get to put it beyond magical repair . " " but even if we wreck the thing it live in , " say Ron , " why ca n't the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else ? " " because a Horcrux be the complete opposite of a human be . " see that Harry and Ron look thoroughly confuse , Hermione hurry on . " look , if I pick up a sword right now , Ron , and run you through with it , I would n't damage your soul at all . " " which would be a real comfort to me , I be sure , " say Ron . Harry laugh . " it should be , actually ! but my point be that whatever happen to your body , your soul will survive , untouched , " say Hermione . " but it be the other way round with a Horcrux . the fragment of soul inside it depend on its container , its enchant body , for survival . it ca n't exist without it . " " that diary sort of die when I stab it , " say Harry , remember ink pour like blood from the puncture page , and the scream of the piece of Voldemort 's soul as it vanish . " and once the diary be properly destroy , the bit of soul trap in it could no longer exist . Ginny try to get rid of the diary before you do , flush it away , but obviously it come back good as new . " " hang on , " say Ron , frown . " the bit of soul in that diary be possess Ginny , be n't it ? how do that work , then ? " " while the magical container be still intact , the bit of soul inside it can flit in and out of someone if they get too close to the object . I do n't mean hold it for too long , it be nothing to do with touch it , " she add before Ron could speak . " I mean close emotionally . Ginny pour her heart out into that diary , she make herself incredibly vulnerable . you be in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux . " " I wonder how Dumbledore destroy the ring ? " say Harry . " why do n't I ask him ? I never really . . . " his voice trail away : he be think of all the thing he should have ask Dumbledore , and of how , since the headmaster have die , it seem to Harry that he have waste so many opportunity when Dumbledore have be alive , to find out more . . . to find out everything . . . . the silence be shatter as the bedroom door fly open with a wall-shaking crash . Hermione shriek and drop secret of the Darkest Art ; Crookshanks streak under the bed , hiss indignantly ; Ron jump off the bed , skid on a discard Chocolate Frog wrapper , and smack his head on the opposite wall ; and Harry instinctively dive for his wand before realize that he be look up at Mrs. Weasley , whose hair be dishevel and whose face be contort with rage . " I be so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering , " she say , her voice tremble . " I be sure you all need your rest . . . but there be wedding present stack in my room that need sort out and I be under the impression that you have agree to help . " " oh yes , " say Hermione , look terrify as she leap to her foot , send book fly in every direction . " we will . . . we be sorry . . . " with an anguish look at Harry and Ron , Hermione hurry out of the room after Mrs. Weasley . " it be like be a house-elf , " complain Ron in an undertone , still massage his head as he and Harry follow . " except without the job satisfaction . the sooner this wedding 's over , the happy , I will be . " " yeah , " say Harry , " then we will have nothing to do except find Horcruxes . . . . it will be like a holiday , wo n't it ? " Ron start to laugh , but at the sight of the enormous pile of wedding present wait for them in Mrs. Weasley 's room , stop quite abruptly . the Delacours arrive the follow morning at eleven o ' clock . Harry , Ron , Hermione and Ginny be feel quite resentful toward Fleur 's family by this time ; and it be with ill grace that Ron stump back upstairs to put on match sock , and Harry attempt to flatten his hair . once they have all be deem smart enough , they troop out into the sunny backyard to await the visitor . Harry have never see the place look so tidy . the rusty cauldron and old Wellington boot that usually litter the step by the back door be go , replace by two new Flutterby bush stand either side of the door in large pot ; though there be no breeze , the leaf wave lazily , give an attractive ripple effect . the chicken have be shut away , the yard have be sweep , and the nearby garden have be prune , pluck , and generally spruce up , although Harry , who like it in its overgrow state , think that it look rather forlorn without its usual contingent of caper gnome . he have lose track of how many security enchantment have be place upon the Burrow by both the Order and the Ministry ; all he know be that it be no longer possible for anybody to travel by magic directly into the place . Mr. Weasley have therefore go to meet the Delacours on top of a nearby hill , where they be to arrive by Portkey . the first sound of their approach be an unusually high-pitched laugh , which turn out to be come from Mr. Weasley , who appear at the gate moment later , lade with luggage and lead a beautiful blonde woman in long , leaf green robe , who could be Fleur 's mother . " Maman ! " cry Fleur , rush forward to embrace her . " Papa ! " Monsieur Delacour be nowhere near as attractive as his wife ; he be a head short and extremely plumb , with a little , pointed black beard . however , he look good-natured . bounce towards Mrs. Weasley on high-heeled boot , he kiss her twice on each cheek , leave her fluster . " you ' ave be so much trouble , " he say in a deep voice . " Fleur tell us you ' ave be work very ' ard . " " oh , it have be nothing , nothing ! " trill Mrs. Weasley . " no trouble at all ! " Ron relieve his feeling by aim a kick at a gnome who be peer out from behind one of the new Flutterby bush . " dear lady ! " say Monsieur Delacour , still hold Mrs. Weasley 's hand between his own two plump one and beaming . " we be most honor at the approach union of our two family ! let me present my wife , Apolline . " Madame Delacour glide forward and stoop to kiss Mrs. Weasley too . " Enchantée , " she say . " your ' usband ' as be tell us such amusing story ! " Mr. Weasley give a maniacal laugh ; Mrs. Weasley throw him a look , upon which he become immediately silent and assume an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a close friend . " and , of course , you ' ave meet my leetle daughter , Gabrielle ! " say Monsieur Delacour . Gabrielle be Fleur in miniature ; eleven year old , with waist-length hair of pure , silvery blonde , she give Mrs. Weasley a dazzling smile and hug her , then throw Harry a glowing look , bat her eyelash . Ginny clear her throat loudly . " well , come in , do ! " say Mrs. Weasley brightly , and she usher the Delacours into the house , with many " no , please ! " s and " after you ! " s and " not at all ! " S. The Delacours , it soon transpire , be helpful , pleasant guest . they be please with everything and keen to assist with the preparation for the wedding . Monsieur Delacour pronounced everything from the seating plan to the bridesmaid ' shoe " Charmant ! " Madame Delacour be most accomplish at household spell and have the oven properly clean in a trice ; Gabrielle follow her elder sister around , try to assist in any way she could and jabber away in rapid French . on the downside , the Burrow be not build to accommodate so many people . Mr. and Mrs. Weasley be now sleep in the sit room , have shout down Monsieur and Madame Delacour 's protest and insist they take their bedroom . Gabrielle be sleep with Fleur in Percy 's old room , and Bill would be share with Charlie , his good man , once Charlie arrive from Romania . opportunity to make plan together become virtually nonexistent , and it be in desperation that Harry , Ron and Hermione take to volunteer to feed the chicken just to escape the overcrowd house . " but she still wo n't leave us alone ! " snarl Ron , and their second attempt at a meeting in the yard be foil by the appearance of Mrs. Weasley carry a large basket of laundry in her arm . " oh , good , you have feed the chicken , " she call as she approach them . " we will well shut them away again before the man arrive tomorrow . . . to put up the tent for the wedding , " she explain , pause to lean against the henhouse . she look exhaust . " Millamant 's Magic Marquees . . . they be very good . bill be escort them . . . . you will well stay inside while they be here , Harry . I must say it do complicate organize a wedding , have all these security spell around the place . " " I be sorry , " say Harry humbly . " oh , do n't be silly , dear ! " say Mrs. Weasley at once . " I do n't mean - well , your safety be much more important ! actually , I have be want to ask you how you want to celebrate your birthday , Harry . seventeen , after all , it be an important day . . . . " " I do n't want a fuss , " say Harry quickly , envisage the additional strain this would put on them all . " really , Mrs. Weasley , just a normal dinner would be fine . . . . it be the day before the wedding . . . . " " oh , well , if you be sure , dear . I will invite Remus and Tonks , shall I ? and how about Hagrid ? " " that will be great , " say Harry . " but please , do n't go to load of trouble . " " not at all , not at all . . . it be no trouble . . . . " she look at him , a long , search look , then smile a little sadly , straighten up , and walk away . Harry watch as she wave her wand near the washing line , and the damp clothes rise into the air to hang themselves up , and suddenly he feel a great wave of remorse for the inconvenience and the pain he be give her . Chapter Seven The Will of Albus Dumbledore he be walk along a mountain road in the cool blue light of dawn . far below , swathe in mist , be the shadow of a small town . be the man he seek down there , the man he need so badly he could think of little else , the man who hold the answer , the answer to his problem ... ? " Oi , wake up . " Harry open his eye . he be lie again on the camp bed in Ron 's dingy attic room . the sun have not yet rise and the room be still shadowy . Pigwidgeon be asleep with his head under his tiny wing . the scar on Harry 's forehead be prickle . " you be mutter in your sleep . " " be I ? " " yeah . ' Gregorovitch . ' you keep say ' Gregorovitch . ' " Harry be not wear his glass ; Ron 's face appear slightly blur . " who be Gregorovitch ? " " I dunno , do I ? " you be the one say it . " Harry rub his forehead , think . he have a vague idea he have hear the name before , but he could not think where . " I think Voldemort be look for him . " " poor bloke , " say Ron fervently . Harry sit up , still rub his scar , now wide awake . he try to remember exactly what he have see in the dream , but all that come back be a mountainous horizon and the outline of the little village cradle in a deep valley . " I think he be abroad . " " who , Gregorovitch ? " " Voldemort . I think he be somewhere abroad , look for Gregorovitch . it do n't look like anywhere in Britain . " " you reckon you be see into his mind again ? " Ron sound worried . " do me a favor and do n't tell Hermione , " say Harry . " although how she expect me to stop see stuff in my sleep ... " he gaze up at little Pigwidgeon 's cage , think ... why be the name " Gregorovitch " familiar ? " I think , " he say slowly , " he have get something to do with Quidditch . there be some connection , but I can't--I ca n't think what it be . " " Quidditch ? " say Ron . " sure you be not think of Gorgovitch ? " " who ? " " Dragomir Gorgovitch , Chaser , transfer to the Chudley Cannons for a record fee two year ago . record holder for most Quaffle drop in a season . " " no , " say Harry . " I be definitely not think of Gorgovitch . " " I try not to either , " say Ron . " well , happy birthday anyway . " " wow -- that be right , I forget ! I be seventeen ! " Harry seize the wand lie beside his camp bed , point it at the cluttered desk where he have leave his glass , and say , " Accio Glasses ! " although they be only around a foot away , there be something immensely satisfy about see them zoom toward him , at least until they poke him in the eye . " slick , " snort Ron . revel in the removal of his Trace , Harry send Ron 's possession fly around the room , cause Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around his cage . Harry also try tie the lace of his trainer by magic ( the resultant knot take several minute to untie by hand ) and , purely for the pleasure of it , turn the orange robe on Ron 's Chudley Cannons poster bright blue . " I will do your fly by hand , though , " Ron advise Harry , snigger when Harry immediately check it . " here be your present . unwrap it up here , it be not for my mother 's eye . " " a book ? " say Harry as he take the rectangular parcel . " bit of a departure from tradition , be n't it ? " " this be n't your average book , " say Ron . " it have pure gold : Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches . explain everything you need to know about girl . if only I have have this last year I will have know exactly how to get rid of Lavender and I would have know how to get go with ... well , Fred and George give me a copy , and I have learn a lot . you will be surprise , it be not all about wandwork , either . " when they arrive in the kitchen they find a pile of present wait on the table . bill and Monsieur Delacour be finish their breakfast , while Mrs. Weasley stand chat to them over the fry pan . " Arthur tell me to wish you a happy seventeenth , Harry , " say Mrs. Weasley , beam at him . " he have to leave early for work , but he will be back for dinner . that be our present on top . " Harry sit down , take the square parcel she have indicate , and unwrap it . inside be a watch very like the one Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have give Ron for his seventeenth ; it be gold , with star circle around the race instead of hand . " it be traditional to give a wizard a watch when he come of age , " say Mrs. Weasley , watch him anxiously from beside the cooker . " I be afraid that one be n't new like Ron 's , it be actually my brother Fabian 's and he be n't terribly careful with his possession , it be a bit dent on the back , but -- " the rest of her speech be lose ; Harry have get up and hug her . he try to put a lot of unsaid thing into the hug and perhaps she understand them , because she pat his cheek clumsily when he release her , then wave her wand in a slightly random way , cause half a pack of bacon to flop out of the fry pan onto the floor . " happy birthday , Harry ! " say Hermione , hurry into the kitchen and add her own present to the top of the pile . " it be not much , but I hope you like it . what do you get him ? " she add to Ron , who seem not to hear her . " come on , then , open Hermione 's ! " say Ron . she have buy him a new Sneakoscope . the other package contain an enchant razor from Bill and Fleur ( " ah yes , zis will give you ze smooth shave you will ever ' ave , " Monsieur Delacour assure him , " but you must tell it clearly what you want ... ozzerwise you might find you ' ave a leetle less hair zan you would like ... " ) , chocolate from the Delacours , and an enormous box of the late Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes merchandise from Fred and George . Harry , Ron , and Hermione do not linger at the table , as the arrival of Madame Delacour , Fleur , and Gabrielle make the kitchen uncomfortably crowd . " I will pack these for you , " Hermione say brightly , take Harry 's present out of his arm as the three of them head back upstairs . " I be nearly do , I be just wait for the rest of your underpants to come out of the wash , Ron -- " Ron 's splutter be interrupt by the opening of a door on the first-floor landing . " Harry , will you come in here a moment ? " it be Ginny . Ron come to an abrupt halt , but Hermione take him by the elbow and tug him on up the stair . feel nervous , Harry follow Ginny into her room . he have never be inside it before . it be small , but bright . there be a large poster of the Wizarding band the Weird Sisters on one wall , and a picture of Gwenog Jones , Captain of the all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies , on the other . a desk stand face the open window , which look out over the orchard where he and Ginny have once play a two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Hermione , and which now house a large , pearly white marquee . the golden flag on top be level with Ginny 's window . Ginny look up into Harry 's face , take a deep breath , and say , " happy seventeenth . " " yeah ... thanks . " she be look at him steadily ; he however , find it difficult to look back at her ; it be like gaze into a brilliant light . " nice view , " he say feebly , point toward with window . she ignore this . he could not blame her . " I could n't think what to get you , " she say . " you do n't have to get me anything . " she disregard this too . " I do n't know what would be useful . nothing too big , because you would n't be able to take it with you . " he chance a glance at her . she be not tearful ; that be one of the many wonderful thing about Ginny , she be rarely weepy . he have sometimes think that have six brother must have toughen her up . she take a step closer to him . " so then I think , I will like you to have something to remember me by , you know , if you meet some veela when you be off do whatever you be do . " " I think date opportunity be go to be pretty thin on the ground , to be honest . " " there be the silver lining I have be look for , " she whisper , and then she be kiss him as she have never kiss him before , and Harry be kiss her back , and it be blissful oblivion well than firewhisky ; she be the only real thing in the world , Ginny , the feel of her , one hand at her back and one in her long , sweet-smelling hair -- the door bang open behind them and they jump apart . " oh , " say Ron pointedly . " sorry . " " Ron ! " Hermione be just behind him , slight out of breath . there be a strained silence , then Ginny have say in a flat little voice , " well , happy birthday anyway , Harry . " Ron 's ear be scarlet ; Hermione look nervous . Harry want to slam the door in their face , but it feel as though a cold draft have enter the room when the door open , and his shine moment have pop like a soap bubble . all the reason for end his relationship with Ginny , for stay well away from her , seem to have slink inside the room with Ron , and all happy forgetfulness be go . he look at Ginny , want to say something , though he hardly know what , but she have turn her back on him . he think that she might have succumb , for once , to tear . he could not do anything to comfort her in front of Ron . " I will see you later , " he say , and follow the other two out of the bedroom . Ron march downstairs , though the still-crowded kitchen and into the yard , and Harry keep pace with him all the way , Hermione trot along behind them look scare . once he reach the seclusion of the freshly mow lawn , Ron round on Harry . " you ditch her . what be you do now , mess her around ? " " I be not mess her around , " say Harry , as Hermione catch up with them . " Ron -- " but Ron hold up a hand to silence her . " she be really cut up when you end it -- " " so be I. you know why I stop it , and it be n't because I want to . " " yeah , but you go snog her now and she be just go to get her hope up again -- " " she be not an idiot , she know it ca n't happen , she be not expect us to--to end up married , or -- " as he say it , a vivid picture form in Harry 's mind of Ginny in a white dress , marry a tall , faceless , and unpleasant stranger . in one spiraling moment it seem to hit him : her future be free and unencumbered , whereas his ... he could see nothing but Voldemort ahead . " if you keep grope her every chance you get -- " " it wo n't happen again , " say Harry harshly . the day be cloudless , but he feel as though the sun have go in . " okay ? " Ron look half resentful , half sheepish ; he rock backward and forward on his foot for a moment , then say , " right then , well , that be ... yeah . " Ginny do not seek another one-to-one meeting with Harry for the rest of the day , nor by any look or gesture do she show that they have share more than polite conversation in her room . nevertheless , Charlie 's arrival come as a relief to Harry . it provide a distraction , watch Mrs. Weasley force Charlie into a chair , raise her wand threateningly , and announce that he be about to get a proper haircut . as Harry 's birthday dinner would have stretch the Burrow 's kitchen to break point even before the arrival of Charlie , Lupin , Tonks , and Hagrid , several table be place end to end in the garden . Fred and George bewitch a number of purple lantern all emblazon with a large number @card@ , to hang in midair over the guest . thanks to Mrs. Weasley 's ministration , George 's wound be neat and clean , but Harry be not yet use to the dark hole in the side of his head , despite the twin ' many joke about it . Hermione make purple and gold streamer erupt from the end of her wand and drape themselves artistically over the tree and bush . " nice , " say Ron , as with one final flourish of her wand , Hermione turn the leaf on the crabapple tree to gold . " you have really get an eye for that sort of thing . " " thank you , Ron ! " say Hermione , look both pleased and a little confuse . Harry turn away , smile to himself . he have a funny notion that he would find a chapter on compliment when he find time to peruse his copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches ; he catch Ginny 's eye and grin at her before remember his promise to Ron and hurriedly strike up a conversation with Monsieur Delacour . " out of the way , out of the way ! " sing Mrs. Weasley , come through the gate with what appear to be a giant , beach-ball-sized Snitch float in front of her . second later Harry realize that it be his birthday cake , which Mrs. Weasley be suspend with her wand , rather than risk carry it over the uneven ground . when the cake have finally land in the middle of the table , Harry say , " that look amazing , Mrs. Weasley . " " oh , it be nothing , dear , " she say fondly . over her shoulder , Ron give Harry the thumbs-up and mouth , Good one . by seven o'clock all the guest have arrive , lead into the house by Fred and George , who have wait for them at the end of the lane . Hagrid have honor the occasion by wear his good , and horrible , hairy brown suit . although Lupin smile as he shake Harry 's hand , Harry think he look rather unhappy . it be all very odd ; Tonks , beside him , look simply radiant . " happy birthday , Harry , " she say , hug him tightly . " seventeen , eh ! " say Hagrid as he accept a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred . " six year ter the day since we meet , Harry , d'yeh remember it ? " " vaguely , " say Harry , grin up at him . " do n't you smash down the front door , give Dudley a pig 's tail , and tell me I be a wizard ? " " I forge ' the detail , " Hagrid chortle . " all righ ' , Ron , Hermione ? " " we be fine , " say Hermione . " how be you ? " " Ar , not bad . bin busy , we get some newborn unicorn . I will show yeh when yeh get back -- " Harry avoid Ron 's and Hermione 's gaze as Hagrid rummage in his pocket . " here . Harry -- could n't think what ter get teh , but then I remember this . " he pull out a small , slightly furry drawstring pouch with a long string , evidently intend to be wear around the neck . " Mokeskin . hide anythin ' in there an ' no one but the owner can get it out . they be rare , them . " " Hagrid , thanks ! " " ' S'nothin ' , " say Hagrid with a wave of a dustbin-lid-sized hand . " an ' there be Charlie ! always like him -- hey ! Charlie ! " Charlie approach , run his hand slightly ruefully over his new , brutally short haircut . he be short than Ron , thickset , with a number of burn and scratch up his muscley arm . " hi , Hagrid , how be it go ? " " bin meanin ' ter write fer age . how be Norbert doin ' ? " " Norbert ? " Charlie laugh . " the Norwegian Ridgeback ? we call her Norberta now . " " Wha -- Norbert be a girl ? " " oh yeah , " say Charlie . " how can you tell ? " ask Hermione . " they be a lot more vicious , " say Charlie . he look over his shoulder and drop his voice . " Wish Dad would hurry up and get here . Mum 's get edgy . " they all look over at Mrs. Weasley . she be try to talk to Madame Delacour while glance repeatedly at the gate . " I think we will well start without Arthur , " she call to the garden at large after a moment or two . " he must have be hold up at -- oh ! " they all see it at the same time : a streak of light that come fly across the yard and onto the table , where it resolve itself into a bright silver weasel , which stand on its hind leg and speak with Mr. Weasley 's voice . " Minister of Magic come with me . " the Patronus dissolve into thin air , leave Fleur 's family peer in astonishment at the place where it have vanish . " we should n't be here , " say Lupin at once . " Harry -- I be sorry -- I will explain some other time -- " he seize Tonks 's wrist and pull her away ; they reach the fence , climb over it , and vanish from sight . Mrs. Weasley look bewilder . " the Minister -- but why -- ? I do n't understand -- " but there be no time to discuss the matter ; a second later , Mr. Weasley have appear out of thin air at the gate , accompany by Rufus Scrimgeour , instantly recognizable by his mane of grizzled hair . the two newcomer march across the yard toward the garden and the lantern-lit table , where everybody sit in silence , watch them draw closer . as Scrimgeour come within range of the lantern light . Harry see that he look much old than the last time that have meet , scraggy and grim . " sorry to intrude , " say Scrimgeour , as he limp to a halt before the table . " especially as I can see that I be gate-crash a party . " his eye linger for a moment on the giant Snitch cake . " many happy return . " " thanks , " say Harry . " I require a private word with you , " Scrimgeour go on . " also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger . " " us ? " say Ron , sound surprise . " why us ? " " I shall tell you that when we be somewhere more private , " say Scrimgeour . " be there such a place ? ' he demand of Mr. Weasley . " yes , of course , " say Mr. Weasley , who look nervous . " the , er , sit room , why do n't you use that ? " " you can lead the way , " Scrimgeour say to Ron . " there will be no need for you to accompany us , Arthur . " Harry see Mr. Weasley exchange a worried look with Mrs. Weasley as he , Ron , and Hermione stand up . as they lead the way back to the house in silence , Harry know that the other two be think the same as he be ; Scrimgeour must , somehow , have learn that the three of them be plan to drop out of Hogwarts . Scrimgeour do not speak as they all pass through the mess kitchen and into the Burrow 's sit room . although the garden have be full of soft golden evening light , it be already dark in here ; Harry flick his wand at the oil lamp as he enter and they illuminate the shabby but cozy room . Scrimgeour sit himself in the sag armchair that Mr. Weasley normally occupy , leave Harry , Ron , and Hermione to squeeze side by side onto the sofa . once they have do so , Scrimgeour speak . " I have some question for the three of you , and I think it will be good if we do it individually . if you two " -- he point at Harry and Hermione -- " can wait upstairs , I will start with Ronald . " " we be not go anywhere , " say Harry , while Hermione nod vigorously . " you can speak to us together , or not at all . " Scrimgeour give Harry a cold , appraise look . Harry have the impression that the Minister be wonder whether it be worthwhile open hostility this early . " very well then , together , " he say , shrug . he clear his throat . " I be here , as I be sure you know , because of Albus Dumbledore 's will . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione look at one another . " a surprise , apparently ! you be not aware then that Dumbledore have leave you anything ? " " A-all of us ? " say Ron , " me and Hermione too ? " " yes , all of -- " but Harry interrupt . " Dumbledore die over a month ago . why have it take this long to give us what he leave us ? " " be n't it obvious ? " say Hermione , before Scrimgeour could answer . " they want to examine whatever he have leave us . you have no right to do that ! " she say , and her voice tremble slightly . " I have every right , " say Scrimgeour dismissively . " the decree for Justifiable Confiscation give the Ministry the power the confiscate the content of a will -- " " that law be create to stop wizard pass on dark artifact , " say Hermione , " and the Ministry be suppose to have powerful evidence that the deceased 's possession be illegal before seize them ! be you tell me that you think Dumbledore be try to pass us something curse ? " " be you plan to follow a career in Magical Law , Miss Granger ? " ask Scrimgeour . " no , I be not , " retort Hermione . " I be hope to do some good in the world ! " Ron laugh . Scrimgeour 's eye flicker toward him and away again as Harry speak . " so why have you decide to let us have our thing now ? can n't think of a pretext to keep them ? " " no , it will be because thirty-one day be up , " say Hermione at once . " they ca n't keep the object longer than that unless they can prove they be dangerous . right ? " " would you say you be close to Dumbledore , Ronald ? " ask Scrimgeour , ignore Hermione . Ron look startle . " me ? not -- not really ... it be always Harry who ... " Ron look around at Harry and Hermione , to see Hermione give him a stoptalking-now ! sort of look , but the damage be do ; Scrimgeour look as though he have hear exactly what he have expect , and want , to hear . he swoop like a bird of prey upon Ron 's answer . " if you be not very close to Dumbledore , how do you account for the fact that he remember you in his will ? he make exceptionally few personal bequest . the vast majority of his possession -- his private library , his magical instrument , and other personal effect -- be leave to Hogwarts . why do you think you be single out ? " " I ... dunno , " say Ron . " I ... when I say we be n't close ... I mean , I think he like me ... " " you be be modest , Ron , " say Hermione . " Dumbledore be very fond of you . " this be stretch the truth to break point ; as far as Harry know , Ron and Dumbledore have never be alone together , and direct contact between them have be negligible . however , Scrimgeour do not seem to be listen . he put his hand inside his cloak and draw out a drawstring pouch much large than the one Hagrid have give Harry . from it , he remove a scroll of parchment which he unroll and read aloud . " ' the last Will and Testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore ' ... Yes , here we be ... ' to Ronald Bilius Weasley , I leave my Deluminator , in the hope that he will remember me when he use it . ' " Scrimgeour take from the bag an object that Harry have see before : it look something like a silver cigarette light , but it have , he know , the power to suck all light from a place , and restore it , with a simple click . Scrimgeour lean forward and pass the Deluminator to Ron , who take it and turn it over in the finger look stun . " that be a valuable object , " say Scrimgeour , watch Ron . " it may even be unique . certainly it be of Dumbledore 's own design . why would he have leave you and item so rare ? " Ron shake his head , look bewilder . " Dumbledore must have teach thousand of student , " Scrimgeour persevere . " yet the only one he remember in his will be you three . why be that ? to what use do he think you would put to the Deluminator , Mr. Weasley ? " " put out light , I s'pose , " mumble Ron . " what else could I do with it ? " evidently Scrimgeour have no suggestion . after squint at Ron for a moment or tow , he turn back to Dumbledore 's will . " ' to Miss Hermione Jean Granger , I leave my copy of the Tales of Beedle the Bard , in the hope that she will find it entertaining and instructive . ' " Scrimgeour now pull out of the bag a small book that look as ancient as the copy of secret of the Darkest Art upstairs . its binding be stain and peeling in place . Hermione take it from Scrimgeour without a word . she hold the book in her lap and gaze at it . Harry see that the title be in rune ; he have never learn to read them . as he look , a tear splash onto the emboss symbol . " why do you think Dumbledore leave you that book , Miss Granger ? " ask Scrimgeour . " he ... he know I like book , " say Hermione in a thick voice , mop her eye with her sleeve . " but why that particular book ? " " I do n't know . he must have think I will enjoy it . " " do you ever discuss code , or any mean of pass secret message , with Dumbledore ? " " no , I do n't , " say Hermione , still wipe her eye on her sleeve . " and if the Ministry have n't find any hidden code in this book in thirty-one day , I doubt that I will . " she suppress a sob . they be wedge together so tightly that Ron have difficulty extract his arm to put it around Hermione 's shoulder . Scrimgeour turn back to the will . " ' to Harry James Potter , ' " he read , and Harry 's inside contract with a sudden excitement , " ' I leave the Snitch he catch in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts , as a reminder of the reward of perseverance and skill . ' " as Scrimgeour pull out the tiny , walnut-sized golden ball , its silver wing flutter rather feebly , and Harry could not help feel a definite sense of anticlimax . " why do Dumbledore leave you this Snitch ? " ask Scrimgeour . " no idea , " say Harry . " for the reason you just read out , I suppose ... to remind me what you can get if you ... persevere and whatever it be . " " you think this a mere symbolic keepsake , then ? " " I suppose so , " say Harry . " what else could it be ? " " I be ask the question , " say Scrimgeour , shift his chair a little close to the sofa . dusk be really fall outside now ; the marquee beyond the window towered ghostly white over the hedge . " I notice that your birthday cake be in the shape of a Snitch , " Scrimgeour say to Harry . " why be that ? " Hermione laugh derisively . " oh , it ca n't be a reference to the fact Harry be a great Seeker , that be way too obvious , " she say . " there must be a secret message from Dumbledore hide in the icing ! " " I do n't think there be anything hide in the icing , " say Scrimgeour , " but a Snitch would be a very good hide place for a small object . you know why , I be sure ? " Harry shrug , Hermione , however , answer : Harry think that answering question correctly be such a deeply ingrained habit she could not suppress the urge . " because Snitches have flesh memory , " she say . " what ? " say Harry and Ron together ; both consider Hermione 's Quidditch knowledge negligible . " correct , " say Scrimgeour . " a Snitch be not touch by bare skin before it be release , not even by the maker , who wear glove . it carry an enchantment by which it can identify the first human to lay hand upon it , in case of a disputed capture . this Snitch " -- he hold up the tiny golden ball -- " will remember your touch , Potter . it occur to me that Dumbledore , who have prodigious magical skill , whatever his other fault , might have enchant this Snitch so that it will open only for you . " Harry 's heart be beat rather fast . he be sure that Scrimgeour be right . how could he avoid take the Snitch with his bare hand in front of the Minister ? " you do n't say anything , " say Scrimgeour . " perhaps you already know what the Snitch contain ? " " no , " say Harry , still wonder how he could appear to touch the Snitch without really do so . if only he know Legilimency , really know it , and could read Hermione 's mind ; he could practically hear her brain whiz beside him . " take it , " say Scrimgeour quietly . Harry meet the Minister 's yellow eye and know he have no option but to obey . he hold out his hand , and Scrimgeour lean forward again and place the Snitch , slowly and deliberately , into Harry 's palm . nothing happen . as Harry 's finger close around the Snitch , its tired wing flutter and be still . Scrimgeour , Ron , and Hermione continue to gaze avidly at the now partially conceal ball , as if still hope it might transform in some way . " that be dramatic , " say Harry coolly . both Ron and Hermione laugh . " that be all , then , be it ? " ask Hermione , make to raise herself off the sofa . " not quite , " say Scrimgeour , who look bad temper now . " Dumbledore leave you a second bequest , Potter . " " what be it ? " ask Harry , excitement rekindle . Scrimgeour do not bother to read from the will this time . " the sword of Godric Gryffindor , " he say . Hermione and Ron both stiffen . Harry look around for a sign of the ruby-encrusted hilt , but Scrimgeour do not pull the sword from the leather pouch , which in any case look much too small to contain it . " so where be it ? " Harry ask suspiciously . " unfortunately , " say Scrimgeour , " that sword be not Dumbledore be to give away . the sword of Godric Gryffindor be an important historical artifact , and as such , belong -- " " it belong to Harry ! " say Hermione hotly . " it choose him , he be the one who find it , it come to him out of the Sorting Hat -- " " accord to reliable historical source , the sword may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor , " say Scrimgeour . " that do not make it the exclusive property of Mr. Potter , whatever Dumbledore may have decide . " Scrimgeour scratch his badly shave cheek , scrutinize Harry . " why do you think -- ? " " -- Dumbledore want to give me the sword ? " say Harry , struggle to keep his temper . " maybe he think it would look nice on my wall . " " this be not a joke , Potter ! " growl Scrimgeour . " be it because Dumbledore believe that only the sword of Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin ? do he wish to give you that sword , Potter , because he believe , as do many , that you be the one destine to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ? " " interesting theory , " say Harry . " have anyone ever try stick a sword in Voldemort ? maybe the Ministry should put some people onto that , instead of waste their time strip down Deluminators or cover up breakout from Azkaban . so this be what you have be do , Minister , shut up in your office , try to break open a Snitch ? people be die - I be nearly one of them - Voldemort chase me across three country , he kill Mad-Eye Moody , but there be no word about any of that from the Ministry , have there ? and you still expect us to cooperate with you ! " " you go too far ! " shout Scrimgeour , stand up : Harry jump to his foot too . Scrimgeour limp toward Harry and jab him hard in the chest with the point of his wand ; it singe a hole in Harry 's T-shirt like a light cigarette . " Oi ! " say Ron , jump up and raise his own wand , but Harry say , " no ! D'you want to give him an excuse to arrest us ? " " remember you be not at school , have you ? " say Scrimgeour breathe hard into Harry 's face . " remember that I be not Dumbledore , who forgive your insolence and insubordination ? you may wear that scar like a crown , Potter , but it be not up to a seventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job ! it be time you learn some respect ! " " it be time you earn it . " say Harry . the floor tremble ; there be a sound of run footstep , then the door to the sit room burst open and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley run in . " we -- - we think we hear -- " begin Mr. Weasley , look thoroughly alarm at the sight of Harry and the Minister virtually nose to nose . " - raise voice , " pant Mrs. Weasley . Scrimgeour take a couple of step back from Harry , glance at the hole he have make in Harry 's T-shirt . he seem to regret his loss of temper . " it - it be nothing , " he growl . " I … regret your attitude , " he say , look Harry full in the face once more . " you seem to think that the Ministry do not desire what you - what Dumbledore - desire . we ought to work together . " " I do n't like your method , Minister , " say Harry . " remember ? " for the second time , he raise his right fist and display to Scrimgeour the scar that still show white on the back of it , spell I must not tell lie . Scrimgeour 's expression harden . he turn away without another word and limp from the room . Mrs. Weasley hurry after him ; Harry hear her stop at the back door . after a minute or so she call , " he be go ! " what do he want ? " Mr. Weasley ask , look around at Harry , Ron , and Hermione as Mrs. Weasley come hurry back to them . " to give us what Dumbledore leave us , " say Harry . " they have only just release the content of his will . " outside in the garden , over the dinner table , the three object Scrimgeour have give them be pass from hand to hand . everyone exclaim over the Deluminator and the Tales of Beedle the Bard and lament the fact that Scrimgeour have refuse to pass on the sword , but none of them could offer any suggestion as to why Dumbledore would have leave Harry an old Snitch . as Mr. Weasley examine the Deluminator for the third of fourth time , Mrs. Weasley say tentatively , " Harry , dear , everyone be awfully hungry we do n't like to start without you … Shall I serve dinner now ? " they all eat rather hurriedly and then after a hasty chorus of " Happy Birthday " and much gulp of cake , the party break up . Hagrid , who be invite to the wedding the follow day , but be far too bulky to sleep in the overstretched Burrow , leave to set up a tent for himself in a neighboring field . " meet us upstairs , " Harry whisper to Hermione , while they help Mrs. Weasley restore the garden to its normal state . " after everyone be go to bed . " up in the attic room , Ron examine his Deluminator , and Harry fill Hagrid 's mokeskin purse , not with gold , but with those item he most prize , apparently worthless though some of them be the Marauder 's Map , the shard of Sirius 's enchant mirror , and R.A.B. 's locket . he pull the string tight and slip the purse around his neck , then sit hold the old Snitch and watch its wing flutter feebly . at last , Hermione tap on the door and tiptoe inside . " Muffiato , " she whisper , wave her wand in the direction of the stair . " think you do n't approve of that spell ? " say Ron . " time change , " say Hermione . " now , show us that Deluminator . " Ron oblige at once . hold I up in front of him , he click it . the solitary lamp they have light go out at once . " the thing be , " whisper Hermione through the dark , " we could have achieve that with Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder . " there be a small click , and the ball of light from the lamp fly back to the ceiling and illuminate them all once more . " still , it be cool , " say Ron , a little defensively . " and from what they say , Dumbledore invent it himself ! " " I know but , surely he would n't have single you out in his will just to help us turn out the light ! " " D'you think he know the Ministry would confiscate his will and examine everything he have leave us ? " ask Harry . " definitely , " say Hermione . " he could n't tell us in the will why he be leave us these thing , but that will do n't explain … " " … why he could n't have give us a hint when he be alive ? " ask Ron . " well , exactly , " say Hermione , now flick through the Tales of Beedle the Bard . " if these thing be important enough to pass on right under the nose of the Ministry , you will think he will have leave us know why … unless he think it be obvious ? " " think wrong , then , do n't he ? " say Ron . " I always say he be mental . brilliant and everything , but crack . leave Harry an old Snitch - what the hell be that about ? " " I have no idea , " say Hermione . " when Scrimgeour make you take it , Harry , I be so sure that something be go to happen ! " " yeah , well , " say Harry , his pulse quicken as he raise the Snitch in his finger . " I be n't go to try too hard in front of Scrimgeour be I ? " " what do you mean ? " ask Hermione . " the Snitch I catch in my first ever Quidditch match ? " say Harry . " do n't you remember ? " Hermione look simply bemused . Ron , however , gasp , point frantically from Harry to the Snitch and back again until he find his voice . " that be the one you nearly swallow ! " " exactly , " say Harry , and with his heart beating fast , he press his mouth to the Snitch . it do not open . frustration and bitter disappointment well up inside him : he lower the golden sphere , but then Hermione cry out . " write ! there be write on it , quick , look ! " he nearly drop the Snitch in surprise and excitement . Hermione be quite right . engrave upon the smooth golden surface , where second before there have be nothing , be five word write in the thin , slant handwriting that Harry recognize as Dumbledore 's I open at the close . he have barely read them when the word vanish again . " I open at the close … . " what be that suppose to mean ? " Hermione and Ron shake their head , look blank . " I open at the close … at the close … I open at the close … " but no matter how often they repeat the word , with many different inflection , they be unable to wring any more meaning from them . " and the sword , " say Ron finally , when they have at last abandon their attempt to divine meaning in the Snitch 's inscription . " why do he want Harry to have the sword ? " " and why could n't he just have tell me ? " Harry say quietly . " I be there , it be right there on the wall of his office during all our talk last year ! if he want me to have it , why do n't he just give it to me then ? " he feel as think he be sit in an examination with a question he ought to have be able to answer in front of him , his brain slow and unresponsive . be there something he have miss in the long talk with Dumbledore last year ? ought he to know what it all mean ? have Dumbledore expect him to understand ? " and as for this book . " say Hermione , " the Tales of Beedle the Bard … I have never even hear of them ! " " you have never hear of the Tales of Beedle the Bard ? " say Ron incredulously . " you be kid , right ? " " no , I be not , " say Hermione in surprise . " do you know them then ? " " well , of course I do ! " Harry look up , divert . the circumstance of Ron have read a book that Hermione have not be unprecedented . Ron , however , look bemused by their surprise . " oh come on ! all the old kid ' story be suppose to be Beedle 's be n't they ? ' the Fountain of Fair Fortune ' … ' the Wizard and the Hopping Pot ' … ' Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump ' … " " Excuse me ? " say Hermione giggle . " what be the last one ? " " come off it ! " say Ron , look in disbelief from Harry to Hermione . " you must have hear of Babbitty Rabbitty - " " Ron , you know full well Harry and I be bring up by Muggles ! " say Hermione . " we do n't hear story like that when we be little , we hear ' Snow White and the Seven Dwarves ' and ' Cinderella ' - " " what be that , an illness ? " ask Ron . " so these be child 's story ? " ask Hermione , bend against over the rune . " yeah . " say Ron uncertainly . " I mean , just what you hear , you know , that all these old story come from Beedle . I dunno what they be like in the original version . " " but I wonder why Dumbledore think I should read them ? " something cracked downstairs . " probably just Charlie , now Mum 's asleep , sneak off to regrow his hair , " say Ron nervously . " all the same , we should get to bed , " whisper Hermione . " it would n't do to oversleep tomorrow . " " no , " agree Ron . " a brutal triple murder by the bridegroom 's mother might put a bit of damper on the wedding . I will get the light . " and he click the Deluminator once more as Hermione leave the room . Chapter Eight the Wedding Three o'clock on the follow afternoon find Harry , Ron , Fred and George standing outside the great white marquee in the orchard , await the arrival of the wedding guest . Harry have take a large dose of Polyjuice Potion and be now the double of a redheaded Muggle boy from the local village , Ottery St. Catchpole , from whom Fred have steal hair use a Summoning Charm . the plan be to introduce Harry as " Cousin Barny " and trust to the great number of Weasley relative to camouflage him . all four of them be clutch seating plan , so that they could help show people to the right seat . a host of white-robed waiter have arrive an hour earlier , along with a golden jacketed band , and all of these wizard be currently sit a short distance away under a tree . Harry could see a blue haze of pipe smoke issue from the spot . behind Harry , the entrance to the marquee reveal row and row of fragile golden chair set on either side of a long purple carpet . the support pole be entwine with white and gold flower . Fred and George have fasten an enormous bunch of golden balloon over the exact point where Bill and Fleur would shortly become husband and wife . outside , butterfly and bee be hover lazily over the grass and hedgerow . Harry be rather uncomfortable . the Muggle boy whose appearance he be affect be slightly fat than him and his dress robe feel hot and tight in the full glare of a summer 's day . " when I get married , " say Fred , tug at the collar of his own robe , " I wo n't be bother with any of this nonsense . you can all wear what you like , and I will put a full Body Bird Curse on Mum until it be all over . " " she be n't too bad this morning , consider , " say George . " cry a bit about Percy not be here , but who want him . oh blimey , brace yourselves , here they come , look . " brightly color figure be appear , one by one out of nowhere at the distant boundary of the yard . within minute a procession have form , which begin to snake its way up through the garden toward the marquee . exotic flower and bewitch bird flutter on the witch ' hat , while precious gem glitter from many of the wizard ' cravat ; a hum of excited chatter grow louder and louder , drown the sound of the bee as the crowd approach the tent . " excellent , I think I see a few veela cousin , " say George , crane his neck for a good look . " they will need help understand our English custom , I will look after them … . " " not so fast , your Holeyness , " say Fred , and dart past the gaggle of middleaged witch head for the procession , he say , " here - permetiez moi to assister vous , " to a pair of pretty French girl , who giggle and allow him to escort them inside . George be leave to deal with the middle-aged witch and Ron take charge of Mr. Weasley 's old Ministry-colleague Perkins , while a rather deaf old couple fall to Harry 's lot . " Wotcher , " say a familiar voice as he come out of the marquee again and find Tonks and Lupin at the front of the queue . she have turn blonde for the occasion . " Arthur tell us you be the one with the curly hair . sorry about last night , " she add in a whisper as Harry lead them up the aisle . " the Ministry 's be very anti-werewolf at the museum and we think our presence might not do you any favor . " " it be fine , I understand , " say Harry , speak more to Lupin than Tonks . lupin give him a swift smile , but as they turn away Harry see Lupin 's face fall again into line of misery . he do not understand it , but there be no time to dwell on the matter . Hagrid be cause a certain amount of disruption . have misunderstand Fred 's direction as he have sit himself , not upon the magically enlarge and reinforce seat set aside for him in the back row , but on five set that now resemble a large pile of golden matchstick . while Mr. Weasley repair the damage and Hagrid shout apology to anybody who would listen , Harry hurry back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face with a most eccentric-looking wizard . slightly cross-eyed , with shoulder-length white hair the texture of candyfloss , he wear a cap whose tassel dangle in front of his nose and robe of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow . an odd symbol , rather like a triangular eye , glisten from a golden chain around his neck . " Xenophilius Lovegood , " he say , extend a hand to Harry , " my daughter and I live just over the hill , so kind of the good Weasleys to invite us . but I think you know my Luna ? " he add to Ron . " yes , " say Ron . " be n't she with you ? " " she linger in that charming little garden to say hello to the gnome , such a glorious infestation ! how few wizard realize just how much we can learn from the wise little gnome - or , to give them their correct name , the Gernumbli gardensi . " " ours do know a lot of excellent swear word , " say Ron , " but I think Fred and George teach them those . " he lead a party of warlock into the marquee as Luna rush up . " hello , Harry ! " she say . " er - my name 's Barry , " say Harry , flummox . " oh , have you change that too ? " she ask brightly . " how do you know - ? " " oh , just your expression , " she say . like her father , Luna be wear bright yellow robe , which she have accessorized with a large sunflower in her hair . once you get over the brightness of it all , the general effect be quite pleasant . at least there be no radish dangle from her ear . Xenophilius , who be deep in conversation with an acquaintance , have miss the exchange between Luna and Harry . bide the wizard farewell , he turn to his daughter , who hold up her finger and say , " Daddy , look - one of the gnome actually bite me . " " how wonderful ! gnome saliva be enormously beneficial . " say Mr. Lovegood , seize Luna 's outstretch finger and examine the bleed puncture mark . " Luna , my love , if you should feel any burgeon talent today - perhaps an unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaim in Mermish - do not repress it ! you may have be gift by the Gernumblies ! " Ron , pass them in the opposite direction let out a loud snort . " Ron can laugh , " say Luna serenely as Harry lead her and Xenophilius toward their seat , " but my father have do a lot of research on Gernumbli magic . " " really ? " say Harry , who have long since decide not to challenge Luna or her father 's peculiar view . " be you sure you do n't want to put anything on that bite , though ? " " oh , it be fine , " say Luna , suck her finger in a dreamy fashion and look Harry up and down . " you look smart . I tell Daddy most people would probably wear dress robe , but he believe you ought to wear sun color to a wedding , for luck , you know . " as she drift off after her father , Ron reappear with an elderly witch clutch his arm . her beaky nose , red-rimmed eye , and leathery pink hat give her the look of a bad-tempered flamingo . " …and your hair be much too long , Ronald , for a moment I think you be Ginevra . Merlin 's beard , what be Xenophilius Lovegood wear ? he look like an omelet . and who be you ? " she bark at Harry . " oh yeah , Auntie Muriel , this be our cousin Barny . " " another Weasley ? you breed like gnome . be n't Harry Potter here ? I be hope to meet him . I think he be a friend of yours , Ronald , or have you merely be boast ? " " no - he could n't come - " " hmm . make an excuse , do he ? not as gormless as he look in press photograph , then . I have just be instruct the bride on how good to wear my tiara , " she shout at Harry . " Goblin-made , you know , and be in my family for century . she be a good-looking girl , but still - French . well , well , find me a good seat , Ronald , I be a hundred and seven and I ought not to be on my foot too long . " Ron give Harry a meaningful look as he pass and do not reappear for some time . when next they meet at the entrance , Harry have show a dozen more people to their place . the Marquee be nearly full now and for the first time there be no queue outside . " nightmare , Muriel be , " say Ron , mop his forehead on his sleeve . " she use to come for Christmas every year , then , thank God , she take offense because Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner . Dad always say she will have write them out of her will - like they care , they be go to end up rich than anyone in the family , rate they be go … Wow , " he add , blink rather rapidly as Hermione come hurry toward them . " you look great ! " " always the tone of surprise , " say Hermione , though she smile . she be wear a floaty , lilac-colored dress with match high heel ; her hair be sleek and shiny . " your Great-Aunt Muriel do n't agree , I just meet her upstairs while she be give Fleur the tiara . she say , ' Oh dear , be this the Muggle-born ? ' and then , ' bad posture and skinny ankle . ' " " do n't take it personally , she be rude to everyone , " say Ron . " talk about Muriel ? " inquire George , reemerg from the marquee with Fred . " yeah , she be just tell me my ear be lopsided . old bat . I wish old Uncle Bilius be still with us , though ; he be a right laugh at wedding . " " be n't he the one who see a Grim and die twenty-four hour later ? " ask Hermione . " well , yeah , he go a bit odd toward the end , " concede George . " but before he go loopy he be the life and soul of the party , " say Fred . " he use to down an entire bottle of firewhisky , then run onto the dance floor , hoist up his robe , and start pull bunch of flower out of his - " " Yes , he sound a real charmer , " say Hermione , while Harry roar with laughter . " never married , for some reason , " say Ron . " you amaze me , " say Hermione . they be all laugh so much that none of them notice the latecomer , a darkhaired young man with a large , curve nose and thick black eyebrow , until he hold out his invitation to Ron and say , with his eye on Hermione , " you look vunderful . " " Viktor ! " she shriek , and drop her small bead bag , which make a loud thump quite disproportionate to its size . as she scramble , blush , to pick it up , she say " I do n't know you be - goodness - it be lovely to see - how be you ? " Ron 's ear have turn bright red again . after glance at Krum 's invitation as if he do not believe a word of it , he say , much too loudly , " how come you be here ? " " Fleur invite me , " say Krum , eyebrow raise . Harry , who have no grudge against Krum , shake hand ; then feel that it would be prudent to remove Krum from Ron 's vicinity , offer to show him his seat . " your friend be not please to see me , " say Krum , as they enter the now pack marquee . " or be he a relative ? " he add with a glance at Harry 's red curly hair . " cousin . " Harry mutter , but Krum be not really listen . his appearance be cause a stir , particularly amongst the veela cousin : he be , after all , a famous Quidditch player . while people be still crane their neck to get a good look at him , Ron , Hermione , Fred , and George come hurry down the aisle . " time to sit down , " Fred tell Harry , " or we be go to get run over by the bride . " Harry , Ron and Hermione take their seat in the second row behind Fred and George . Hermione look rather pink and Ron 's ear be still scarlet . after a few moment he mutter to Harry , " do you see he be grow a stupid little beard ? " Harry give a noncommittal grunt . a sense of jittery anticipation have fill the warm tent , the general murmur break by occasional spurt of excited laughter . Mr. and Mrs. Weasley stroll up the aisle , smile and wave at relative ; Mrs. Weasley be wear a brand-new set of amethyst color robe with a match hat . a moment later Bill and Charlie stand up at the front of the marquee , both wear dress robe , with large white rose in their buttonhole ; Fred wolf-whistle and there be an outbreak of giggle from the veela cousin . then the crowd fall silent as music swell from what seem to be the golden balloon . " Ooooh ! " say Hermione , swivel around in her seat to look at the entrance . a great collective sigh issue from the assemble witch and wizard as Monsieur Delacour and Fleur come walk up the aisle , Fleur glide , Monsieur Delacour bounce and beam . Fleur be wear a very simple white dress and seem to be emit a strong , silvery glow . while her radiance usually dim everyone else by comparison , today it beautify everybody it fall upon . Ginny and Gabrielle , both wear golden dress , look even pretty than usual and once Fleur have reach for him , Bill do not look as though he have ever meet Fenrit Greyback . " lady and gentleman , " say a slightly singsong voice , and with a slight shock , Harry see the same small , tufty-hired wizard who have preside at Dumbledore 's funeral , now stand in front of Bill and Fleur . " we be gather here today to celebrate the union of two faithful soul … " " Yes , my tiara set off the whole thing nicely , " say Auntie Muriel in a rather carry whisper . " but I must say , Ginevra 's dress be far too low cut . " Ginny glance around , grin , wink at Harry , then quickly face the front again . Harry 's mind wander a long way from the marquee , back to the afternoon spend alone with Ginny in lonely part of the school ground . they seem so long ago ; they have always seem too good to be true , as though he have be steal shine hour from a normal person 's life , a person without a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead … . " do you , William Arthur , take Fleur Isabelle … ? " in the front row , Mrs. Weasley and Madame Delacour be both sob quietly into scrap of lace . Trumpetlike sound from the back of the marquee tell everyone that Hagrid have take out one of his own tablecloth-sized handkerchief . Hermione turn around and beam at Harry ; her eye too be full of tear . " …then I declare you bond for life . " the tufty-haired wizard wave his hand high over the head of Bill and Fleur and a shower of silver star fall upon them , spiral around their now entwine figure . as Fred and George lead a round of applause , the golden balloon overhead burst . bird of paradise and tiny golden bell fly and float out of them , add their song and chime to the din . " lady and gentleman ! " call the tufty-haired wizard . " if you would please stand up ! " they all do so , Auntie Muriel grumble audibly ; he wave his wand again . the scar on which they have be sit rise gracefully into the air as the canvas wall of the marquee vanish , so that they stand beneath a canopy support by golden pole , with a glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surround countryside . next , a pool of molten gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleam dance floor ; the hover chair group themselves around small , white-clothed table , which all float gracefully back to earth round it , and the golden-jacketed hand troop toward a podium . " smooth , " say Ron approvingly as the waiter pop up on all side , some hearing silver tray of pumpkin juice , butterbeer , and firewhisky , other totter pile of tart and sandwich . " we should go and congratulate them ! " say Hermione , standing on tiptoe to see the place where Bill and Fleur have vanish amid a crowd of well-wisher . " we will have time later , " shrug Ron , snatch three butterbeers from a pass tray and hand one to Harry . " Hermione , cop hold , let be grab a table … . not there ! nowhere near Muriel - " Ron lead the way across the empty dance floor , glance left and right as he go ; Harry feel sure that he be keep an eye out for Krum . by the time they have reach the other side of the marquee , most of the table be occupy : the empty be the one where Luna sit alone . " all right if we join you ? " ask Ron . " oh yes , " she say happily . " daddy be just go to give bill and Fleur our present . " " what be it , a lifetime 's supply of Gurdyroots ? " ask Ron . Hermione aim a kick at him under the table , but catch Harry instead . eye water in pain , Harry lose track of the conversation for a few moment . the band have begin to play , Bill and Fleur take to the dance floor first , to great applause ; after a while , Mr. Weasley lead Madame Delacour onto the floor , follow by Mr. Weasley and Fleur 's father . " I like this song , " say Luna , sway in time to the waltzlike tune , and a few second later she stand up and glide onto the dance floor , where she revolve on the spot , quite alone , eye close and wave her arm . " she be great be n't she ? " say Ron admiringly . " always good value . " but the smile vanish from his face at once : Viktor Krum have drop into Luna 's vacant seat . Hermione look pleasurably fluster but this time Krum have not come to compliment her . with a scowl on his face he say , " who be that man in the yellow ? " " that be Xenophilius Lovegood , he be the father of a friend of ours , " say Ron . his pugnacious tone indicate that they be not about to laugh at Xenophilius , despite the clear provocation . " come and dance , " he add abruptly to Hermione . she look take aback , but please too , and get up . they vanish together into the grow throng on the dance floor . " ah , they be together now ? " ask Krum , momentarily distract . " er - sort of , " say Harry . " who be you ? " Krum ask . " Barny Weasley . " they shake hand . " you , Barny - you know this man Lovegood well ? " " no , I only meet him today . why ? " Krum glower over the top of his drink , watch Xenophilius , who be chat to several warlock on the other side of the dance floor . " because , " say Krum , " if he vus not a guest of Fleur 's I vould dud him , here and now , for veer that filthy sign upon his chest . " " sign ? " say Harry , look over at Xenophilius too . the strange triangular eye be gleam on his chest . " why ? what be wrong with it ? " " Grindelvald . that be Grindelvald 's sign . " " Grindelwald … the dark wizard Dumbledore defeat ? " " exactly . " Krum 's jaw muscle work as if he be chew , then he say , " Grindelvald kill many people , my grandfather , for instance . of course , he vos never powerful in this country , they say he fear Dumbledore - and rightly , see how he vos finish . but this " - he point a finger at Xenophilius - " this be his symbol , I recognize it at vunce : Grindelvald carve it into a vall at Durmstrang ver he vos a pupil there . some idiot copy it onto their book and clothes think to shock , make themselves impressive - until those of us who have lose family member to Grindelvald teach them well . " Krum crack his knuckle menacingly and glower at Xenophilius . Harry feel perplex . it seem incredibly unlikely that Luna 's father be a supporter of the Dark Arts , and nobody else in the tent seem to have recognize the triangular , finlike shape . " be you - er - quite sure it be Grindelwald 's - ? " " I be not mistake , " say Krum coldly . " I walk past that sign for several year , I know it vell . " " well , there be a chance , " say Harry , " that Xenophilius do n't actually know what the symbol mean , the Lovegoods be quite … unusual . he could have easily pick it up somewhere and think it be a cross section of the head of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack or something . " " the cross section of a vot ? " " well , I do n't know what they be , but apparently he and his daughter go on holiday look for them … . " Harry feel he be do a bad job explain Luna and her father . " that be her , " he say , point at Luna , who be still dance alone , wave her arm around her head like someone attempt to beat off midge . " Vy be she do that ? " ask Krum . " probably try to get rid of a Wrackspurt , " say Harry , who recognize the symptom . Krum do not seem to know whether or not Harry be make fun of him . he draw his hand from inside his robe and tap it menacingly on his thigh ; spark fly out of the end . " Gregorovitch ! " say Harry loudly , and Krum start , but Harry be too excite to care ; the memory have come back to him at the sight of Krum 's wand : Ollivander take it and examine it carefully before the Triwizard Tournament . " Vot about him ? " ask Krum suspiciously . " he be a wandmaker ! " " I know that , " say Krum . " he make your wand ! that be why I think - Quidditch - " Krum be look more and more suspicious . " how do you know Gregorovitch make my wand ? " " I…I read it somewhere , I think , " say Harry . " in a - a fan magazine , " he improvise wildly and Krum look mollify . " I have not realize I ever discuss my vand with fan , " he say . " so … er … where be Gregorowitch these day ? " Krum look puzzle . " he retire several year ago . I be one of the last to purchase a Gregorovitch vand . they be the good - although I know , of course , that your Briton set much store by Ollivander . " Harry do not answer . he pretend to watch the dancer , like Krum , but he be think hard . so Voldemort be look for a celebrated wandmaker and Harry do not have to search far for a reason . it be surely because of what Harry ' wand have do on the night that Voldemort pursue him across the sky . the holly and phoenix feather wand have conquer the borrow wand , some thing that Ollivander have not anticipate or understand . would Gregorowitch know well ? be he truly more skilled than Ollivander , do he know secret of wand that Ollivander do not ? " this girl be very nice-looking , " Krum say , recall Harry to his surroundings . Krum be point at Ginny , who have just join Luna . " she be also a relative of yours ? " " yeah , " say Harry , suddenly irritate , " and she be see someone . jealous type . big bloke . you would n't want to cross him . " Krum grunt . " Vot , " he say , drain his goblet and get to his foot again , " be the point of be an international Quidditch player if all the good-looking girl be take ? " and he stride off leave Harry to take a sandwich from a pass waiter and make his way around the edge of the crowded dance floor . he want to find Ron , to tell him about Gregorovitch , but he be dance with Hermione out in the middle of the floor . Harry lean up against one of the golden pillar and watch Ginny , who be now dance with Fred and George 's friend Lee Jordan , try not to feel resentful about the promise he have give Ron . he have never be to a wedding before , so he could not judge how Wizarding celebration differ from Muggle one , though he be pretty sure that the latter would not involve a wedding cake top with two model phoenix that take flight when the cake be cut , or bottle of champagne that float unsupported through the crowd . as the evening draw in , and moth begin to swoop under the canopy , now light with float golden lantern , the revelry become more and more uncontained . Fred and George have long since disappear into the darkness with a pair of Fleur 's cousin ; Charlie , Hagrid , and a squat wizard in a purple porkpie hat be sing " Odo the Hero " in the corner . wander through the crowd so as to escape a drunken uncle of Ron 's who seem unsure whether or not Harry be his son , Harry spot an old wizard sit alone at a table . his cloud of white hair make him look rather like an age dandelion clock and be top by a moth-eaten fez . he be vaguely familiar : rack his brain , Harry suddenly realize that this be Elphias Doge , member of the order of the Phoenix and the writer of Dumbledore 's obituary . Harry approach him . " may I sit down ? " " of course , of course , " say Doge ; he have a rather high-pitched , wheezy voice . Harry lean in . " Mr. Doge , I be Harry Potter . " doge gasp . " my dear boy ! Arthur tell me you be here , disguised … . I be so glad , so honor ! " in a flutter of nervous pleasure Doge pour Harry a goblet of champagne . " I think of write to you , " he whisper , " after Dumbledore … the shock … and for you , I be sure … " Doge 's tiny eye fill with sudden tear . " I see the obituary you write for the Daily Prophet , " say Harry . " I do n't realize you know Professor Dumbledore so well . " " as well as anyone , " say Doge , dab his eye with a napkin . " certainly I know him long , if you do n't count Aberforth - and somehow , people never do seem to count Aberforth . " " speak of the Daily Prophet … I do n't know whether you see , Mr. Doge - ? " " oh , please call me Elphias , dear boy . " " Elphias , I do n't know whether you see the interview Rita Skeeter give about Dumbledore ? " doge 's face flood with angry color . " oh yes , Harry , I see it . that woman , or vulture might be a more accurate term , positively pester me to talk to her , I be ashamed to say that I become rather rude , call her an interfere trout , which result , as you my have see , in aspersion cast upon my sanity . " " well , in that interview , " Harry go on , " Rita Skeeter hint that Professor Dumbledore be involve in the dark art when he be young . " " do n't believe a word of it ! " say Doge at once . " not a word , Harry ! let nothing tarnish your memory of Albus Dumbledore ! " Harry look into Doge 's earnest , pained face , and feel , not reassure , but frustrate . do Doge really think it be that easy , that Harry could simply choose not to believe ? do n't doge understand Harry 's need to be sure , to know everything ? " perhaps Doge suspect Harry 's feeling , for he look concern and hurry on , " Harry , Rita Skeeter be a dreadful - " but he be interrupt by a shrill cackle . " Rita Skeeter ? oh , I love her , always read her ! " Harry and Doge look up to see Auntie Muriel stand there , the plume dance on her hair , a goblet of champagne in her hand . " she be write a book about Dumbledore , you know ! " " hello , Muriel , " say Doge , " Yes , we be just discuss - " " you there ! give me your chair , I be a hundred and seven ! " another redheaded Weasley cousin jump off his seat , look alarmed , and Auntie Muriel swing it around with surprising strength and plop herself down upon it between Doge and Harry . " hello again , Barry or whatever your name be , " she say to Harry , " now what be you say about Rita Skeeter , Elphias ? you know , she have write a biography of Dumbledore ? I ca n't wait to read it . I must remember to place an order at Flourish and Blotts ! " doge look stiff and solemn at this but Auntie Muriel drain her goblet and click her bony finger at a pass waiter for a replacement . she take another large gulp of champagne , belch and then say , " there be no need to look like a pair of stuffed frog ! before he become so respected and respectable and all that tosh , there be some mighty funny rumor about Albus ! " " ill-informed sniping , " say Doge , turn radish-colored again . " you would say that , Elphias , " cackle Auntie Muriel . " I notice how you skate over the sticky patch in that obituary of yours ! " " I be sorry you think so , " say Doge , more coldly still . " I assure you I be write from the heart . " " oh , we all know you worship Dumbledore ; @card@ daresay you will still think he be a saint even if it do turn out that he do away with his Squib sister ! " " Muriel ! " exclaim Doge . a chill that have nothing to do with the iced champagne be steal through Harry 's chest . " what do you mean ? " he ask Muriel . " who say his sister be a Squib ? I think she be ill ? " " think wrong , then , do n't you , Barry ! " say Auntie Muriel , look delighted at the effect she have produce . " anyway , how could you expect to know anything about it ! it all happen year and year before you be even think of , my dear , and the truth be that those of us who be alive then never know what really happen . that be why I ca n't wait to find out what Skeeter be unearth ! Dumbledore keep that sister of his quiet for a long time ! " " untrue ! " wheeze Doge , " absolutely untrue ! " " he never tell me his sister as a Squib , " say Harry , without thinking , still cold inside . " and why on earth would he tell you ? " screech Muriel , sway a little in her seat as she attempt to focus upon Harry . " the reason Albus never speak about Ariana , " begin Elphias in a voice stiff with emotion , " be , I should have think , quite clear . he be so devastate by her death - " " why do nobody ever see her , Elphias ? " squawk Muriel , " why do half of us never even know she exist , until they carry the coffin out of the house and hold a funeral for her ? where be saintly Albus while Ariana be lock in the cellar ? off be brilliant at Hogwarts , and never mind what be go on in his own house ! " " what d'you mean , lock in the cellar ? " ask Harry . " what be this ? " doge look wretched . auntie Muriel cackle again and answer Harry . " Dumbledore 's mother be a terrifying woman , simply terrifying . Muggle-born , though I hear she pretend otherwise- " " she never pretend anything of the sort ! Kendra be a fine woman , " whisper Doge miserably , but Auntie Muriel ignore him . " - proud and very domineer , the sort of witch who would have be mortify to produce a Squib- " " Ariana be not a Squib ! " wheeze Doge . " so you say , Elphias , but explain , then , why she never attend Hogwarts ! " say Auntie Muriel . she turn back to Harry . " in our day , Squibs be often hush up , think to take it to the extreme of actually imprison a little girl in the house and pretend she do n't exist - " " I tell you , that be not what happen ! " say Doge , but Auntie Muriel steamroller on , still address Harry . squib be usually ship off to Muggle school and encourage to integrate into the Muggle community … much kind than try to find them a place in the Wizarding world , where they must always be second class , but naturally Kendra Dumbledore would n't have dream of let her daughter go to a Muggle school - " " Ariana be delicate ! " say Doge desperately . " her health be always too poor to permit her - " " - to permit her to leave the house ? " cackle Muriel . " and yet she be never take to St. Mungo 's and no Healer be ever summon to see her ! " " really , Muriel , how can you possibly know whether - " " for your information , Elphias , my cousin Lancelot be a Healer at St. Mungo 's at the time , and he tell my family in strict confidence that Ariana have never be see there . all most suspicious , Lancelot think ! " doge look to be on the verge of tear . auntie Muriel , who seem to be enjoy herself hugely , snap her finger for more champagne . numbly Harry think of how the Dursley have once shut him up , lock him away , keep him out of sight , all for the crime of be a wizard . have Dumbledore 's sister suffer the same fate in reverse : imprison for her lack of magic ? and have Dumbledore truly leave her to her fate while he go off to Hogwarts to prove himself brilliant and talented ? " now , if Kendra have n't die first , " Muriel resume , " I will have say that it be she who finish off Ariana - " " how can you , Muriel ! " groan Doge . " a mother kill her own daughter ? think what you be say ! " " if the mother in question be capable of imprison her daughter for year on end , why not ? " shrug Auntie Muriel . " but as I say , it do n't fit , because Kendra die before Ariana - of what , nobody ever seem sure- " " Yes , Ariana might have make a desperate bid for freedom and kill Kendra in the struggle , " say Auntie Muriel thoughtfully . " shake your head all you like , Elphias . you be at Ariana 's funeral , be you not ? " " yes I be , " say Doge , through tremble lip , " and a more desperately sad occasion I can remember . Albus be heartbroken- " " his heart be n't the only thing . do n't Aberforth break Albus ' nose halfway through the service ? " if Doge have look horrify before this , it be nothing to how he look now . Muriel might have stab him . she cackle loudly and take another swig of champagne , which dribble down her chin . " how do you - ? " croak Doge . " my mother be friendly with old Bathilda Bagshot , " say Auntie Muriel happily . " Bathilda describe the whole thing to mother while I be listen at the door . a coffin-side brawl . the way Bathilda tell it , Aberforth shout that it be all Albus ' fault that Ariana be dead and then punch him in the face . accord to Bathilda , Albus do not even defend himself , and that be odd enough in itself . Albus could have destroy Aberforth in a duel with both hand tie behind his back . Muriel swig yet more champagne . the recitation of those old scandal seem to elate her as much as they horrify Doge . Harry do not know what to think , what to believe . he want the truth and yet all Doge do be sit there and bleat feebly that Ariana have be ill . Harry could hardly believe that Dumbledore would not have intervene if such cruelty be happen inside his own house , and yet there be undoubtedly something odd about the story . " and I will tell you something else , " Muriel say , hiccupping slightly as she lower her goblet . " I think Bathilda have spill the bean to Rita Skeeter . all those hint in Skeeter 's interview about an important source close to the Dumbledores - goodness know she be there all through the Ariana business , and it would fit ! " " Bathilda , would never talk to Rita Skeeter ! " whisper Doge . " Bathilda Bagshot ? " Harry say . " the author of a history of Magic ? " the name be print on the front of one of Harry 's textbook , though admittedly not one of the one he have read more attentively . " yes , " say Doge , clutch at Harry 's question like a drown man at a life heir . " a most gifted magical historian and an old friend of Albus 's . " " quite gaga these day , I have hear , " say Auntie Muriel cheerfully . " if that be so , it be even more dishonorable for Skeeter to have take advantage of her , " say Doge , " and no reliance can be place on anything Bathilda may have say ! " " oh , there be way of bring back memory , and I be sure Rita Skeeter know them all , " say Auntie Muriel " but even if Bathilda 's completely cuckoo , I be sure she will still have old photograph , maybe even letter . she know the Dumbledores for year … . well worth a trip to Godric 's Hollow , I will have think . " Harry , who have be take a sip of butterbeer , choke . doge bang him on the back as Harry cough , look at Auntie Muriel through stream eye . once he have control of his voice again , he ask , " Bathilda Bagshot live in Godric 's Hollow ? " " oh yes , she have be there forever ! the Dumbledores move there after Percival be imprison , and she be their neighbor . " " the Dumbledores live in Godric 's hollow ? " " yes , Barry , that be what I just say , " say Auntie Muriel testily . Harry feel drain , empty . never once , in six year , have Dumbledore tell Harry that they have both live and lose love one in Godric 's Hollow . why ? be Lily and James bury close to Dumbledore 's mother and sister ? have Dumbledore visit their grave , perhaps walk past Lily 's and James be to do so ? and he have never once tell Harry … never bother to say … and why it be so important , Harry could not explain even to himself , yet he feel it have be tantamount to a lie not to tell him that they have this place and these experience in common . he stare ahead of him , barely notice what be go on around him , and do not realize that Hermione have appear out of the crowd until she draw up a chair beside him . " I simply ca n't dance anymore , " she pant , slip of one of her shoe and rub the sole of her foot . " Ron 's go look to find more butterbeers . it be a bit odd . I have just see Viktor storm away from Luna 's father , it look like they have be argue - " she drop her voice , stare at him . " Harry , be you okay ? " Harry do not know where to begin , but it do not matter , at that moment , something large and silver come fall through the canopy over the dance floor . graceful and gleam , the lynx land lightly in the middle of the astonish dancer . head turn , as those near it freeze absurdly in mid-dance . then the Patronus 's mouth open wide and it speak in the loud , deep , slow voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt . " the Ministry have fall . Scrimgeour be dead . they be come . " Chapter Nine a place to Hide Everything seem fuzzy , slow . Harry and Hermione jump to their foot and draw their wand . many people be only just realize that something strange have happen ; head be still turn toward the silver cat as it vanish . silence spread outward in cold ripple from the place where the Patronus have land . then somebody scream . Harry and Hermione throw themselves into the panick crowd . guest be sprint in all direction ; many be Disapparating ; the protective enchantment around the Burrow have break . " Ron ! " Hermione cry . " Ron , where be you ? " as they push their way across the dance floor , Harry see cloak and mask figure appear in the crowd ; then he see Lupin and Tonks , their wand raise , and hear both of them shout , " Protego ! " , a cry that be echo on all side - " Ron ! Ron ! " Hermione call , half sob as she and Harry be buffer by terrify guest : Harry seize her hand to make sure they be n't separate as a streak of light whizz over their head , whether a protective charm or something more sinister he do not know - and then Ron be there . he catch hold of Hermione 's free arm , and Harry feel her turn on the spot ; sight and sound be extinguish as darkness press in upon him ; all he could feel be Hermione 's hand as he be squeeze through space and time , away from the Burrow , away from the descend death eater , away , perhaps , from Voldemort himself . . . . " where be we ? " say Ron 's voice . Harry open his eye . for a moment he think they have not leave the wedding after all ; they still seem to be surround by people . " Tottenham Court Road , " pant Hermione . " walk , just walk , we need to find somewhere for you to change . " Harry do as she ask . they half walk , half run up the wide dark street throng with late-night reveler and line with closed shop , star twinkle above them . a double-decker bus rumble by and a group of merry pub-goers ogle them as they pass ; Harry and Ron be still wear dress robe . " Hermione , we have n't get anything to change into , " Ron tell her , as a young woman burst into raucous giggle at the sight of him . " why do n't I make sure I have the Invisibility Cloak with me ? " say Harry , inwardly curse his own stupidity . " all last year I keep it on me and - " " it be okay , I have get the Cloak , I have get clothes for both of you , " say Hermione , " just try and act naturally until - this will do . " she lead them down a side street , then into the shelter of a shadowy alleyway . " when you say you have get the Cloak , and clothes . . . " say Harry , frown at Hermione , who be carry nothing except her small bead handbag , in which she be now rummage . " yes , they be here , " say Hermione , and to Harry and Ron 's utter astonishment , she pull out a pair of jean , a sweatshirt , some maroon sock , and finally the silvery Invisibility Cloak . " how the ruddy hell - ? " " undetectable Extension Charm , " say Hermione . " tricky , but I think I have do it okay ; anyway , I manage to fit everything we need in here . " she give the fragile-looking bag a little shake and it echo like a cargo hold as a number of heavy object roll around inside it . " oh , damn , that will be the book , " she say , peer into it , " and I have them all stack by subject . . . . oh well . . . . Harry , you will well take the Invisibility Cloak . Ron , hurry up and change . . . . " " when do you do all this ? " Harry ask as Ron strip off his robe . " I tell you at the Burrow , I have have the essential pack for day , you know , in case we need to make a quick getaway . I pack your rucksack this morning , Harry , after you change , and put it in here . . . . I just have a feeling . . . . " " you be amazing , you be , " say Ron , hand her his bundled-up robe . " thank you , " say Hermione , manage a small smile as she push the robe into the bag . " please , Harry , get that Cloak on ! " Harry throw his Invisibility Cloak around his shoulder and pull it up over his head , vanish from sight . he be only just begin to appreciate what have happen . " the other - everybody at the wedding - " " we ca n't worry about that now , " whisper Hermione . " it be you they be after , Harry , and we will just put everyone in even more danger by go back . " " she be right , " say Ron , who seem to know that Harry be about to argue , even if he could not see his face . " most of the order be there , they will look after everyone . " Harry nod , then remember that they could not see him , and say , " Yeah . " but he think of Ginny , and fear bubble like acid in his stomach . " come on , I think we ought to keep move , " say Hermione . they move back up the side street and onto the main road again , where a group of man on the opposite side be sing and weave across the pavement . " just as a matter of interest , why Tottenham Court Road ? " Ron ask Hermione . " I have no idea , it just pop into my head , but I be sure we be safe out in the Muggle world , it be not where they will expect us to be . " " true , " say Ron , look around , " but do n't you feel a bit - expose ? " " where else be there ? " ask Hermione , cringe as the man on the other side of the road start wolf-whistle at her . " we can hardly book room at the Leaky Cauldron , can we ? and Grimmauld Place be out if Snape can get in there . . . . I suppose we could try my parent ' home , though I think there be a chance they might check there . . . . oh , I wish they will shut up ! " " all right , darling ? " the drunk of the man on the other pavement be yell . " fancy a drink ? ditch ginger and come and have a pint ! " " let be sit down somewhere , " Hermione say hastily as Ron open his mouth to shout back across the road . " look , this will do , in here ! " it be a small and shabby all-night café . a light layer of grease lie on all the Formica-topped table , but it be at least empty . Harry slip into a booth first and Ron sit next to him opposite Hermione , who have her back to the entrance and do not like it : she glance over her shoulder so frequently she appear to have a twitch . Harry do not like be stationary ; walk have give the illusion that they have a goal . beneath the Cloak he could feel the last vestige of Polyjuice leave him , his hand return to their usual length and shape . he pull his glass out of his pocket and put them on again . after a minute or two , Ron say , " you know , we be not far from the Leaky Cauldron here , it be only in Charing Cross - " " Ron , we ca n't ! " say Hermione at once . " not to stay there , but to find out what be go on ! " " we know what be go on ! Voldemort be take over the Ministry , what else do we need to know ? " " okay , okay , it be just an idea ! " they relapse into a prickly silence . the gum-chewing waitress shuffle over and Hermione order two cappuccino : as Harry be invisible , it would have look odd to order him one . a pair of burly workman enter the café and squeeze into the next booth . Hermione drop her voice to a whisper . " I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the countryside . once we be there , we could send a message to the order . " " can you do that talk Patronus thing , then ? " ask Ron . " I have be practice and I think so , " say Hermione . " well , as long as it do n't get them into trouble , though they might have be arrest already . God , that be revolt , " Ron add after one sip of the foamy , grayish coffee . the waitress have hear ; she shoot Ron a nasty look as she shuffle off to take the new customer ' order . the large of the two workman , who be blond and quite huge , now that Harry come to look at him , wave her away . she stare , affront . " let be get go , then , I do n't want to drink this muck , " say Ron . " Hermione , have you get Muggle money to pay for this ? " " yes , I take out all my Building Society saving before I come to the Burrow . I will bet all the change be at the bottom , " sigh Hermione , reach for her bead bag . the two workman make identical movement , and Harry mirror them without conscious thought : all three of them draw their wand . Ron , a few second late in realize what be go on , lunge across the table , push Hermione sideways onto her bench . the force of the Death Eaters ' spell shatter the tile wall where Ron 's head have just be , as Harry , still invisible , yell , " Stupefy ! " the great blond Death Eater be hit in the face by a jet of red light : he slump sideways , unconscious . his companion , unable to see who have cast the spell , fire another at Ron : shine black rope fly from his wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot - the waitress scream and run for the door - Harry send another Stunning Spell at the Death Eater with the twisted face who have tie up Ron , but the spell miss , rebound on the window , and hit the waitress , who collapse in front of the door . " Expulso ! " bellow the Death Eater , and the table behind which Harry be stand blow up : the force of the explosion slam him into the wall and he feel his wand leave his hand as the Cloak slip off him . " Petrificus Totalus ! " scream Hermione from out of sight , and the Death Eater fall forward like a statue to land with a crunch thud on the mess of break china , table , and coffee . Hermione crawl out from underneath the bench , shake bit of glass ashtray out of her hair and tremble all over . " D-diffindo , " she say , point her wand at Ron , who roar in pain as she slash open the knee of his jean , leave a deep cut . " oh , I be so sorry , Ron , my hand be shake ! Diffindo ! " the sever rope fall away . Ron get to his foot , shake his arm to regain feel in them . Harry pick up his wand and climb over all the debris to where the large blond Death Eater be sprawl across the bench . " I should have recognize him , he be there the night Dumbledore die , " he say . he turn over the dark death eater with his foot ; the man 's eye move rapidly between Harry , Ron and Hermione . " that be Dolohov , " say Ron . " I recognize him from the old wanted poster . I think the big one 's Thorfinn Rowle . " " never mind what they be call ! " say Hermione a little hysterically . " how do they find us ? what be we go to do ? " somehow her panic seem to clear Harry 's head . " lock the door , " he tell her , " and Ron , turn out the light . " he look down at the paralyzed Dolohov , think fast as the lock click and Ron use the Deluminator to plunge the café into darkness . Harry could hear the man who have jeer at Hermione earlier , yell at another girl in the distance . " what be we go to do with them ? " Ron whisper to Harry through the dark ; then , even more quietly , " Kill them ? they will kill us . they have a good go just now . " Hermione shudder and take a step backward . Harry shake his head . " we just need to wipe their memory , " say Harry . " it be good like that , it will throw them off the scent . if we kill them it will be obvious we be here . " " you be the boss , " say Ron , sound profoundly relieve . " but I have never down a Memory Charm . " " nor have I , " say Hermione , " but I know the theory . " she take a deep , calming breath , then point her wand at Dolohov 's forehead and say , " Obliviate . " at once , Dolohov 's eye become unfocused and dreamy . " brilliant ! " say Harry , clap her on the back . " take care of the other one and the waitress while Ron and I clear up . " " clear up ? " say Ron , look around at the partly destroy café . " why ? " " do n't you think they might wonder what be happen if they wake up and find themselves in a place that look like it have just be bomb ? " " oh right , yeah . . . " Ron struggle for a moment before manage to extract his wand from his pocket . " it be no wonder I ca n't get it out , Hermione , you pack my old jean , they be tight . " " oh , I be so sorry , " hiss Hermione , and as she drag the waitress out of sight of the window , Harry hear her mutter a suggestion as to where Ron could stick his wand instead . once the café be restore to its previous condition , they heave the Death Eaters back into their booth and prop them up face each other . " but how do they find us ? " Hermione ask , look from one inert man to the other . " how do they know where we be ? " she turn to Harry . " you - you do n't think you have still get your Trace on you , do you , Harry ? " " he ca n't have , " say Ron . " the Trace break at seventeen , that be Wizarding law , you ca n't put it on an adult . " " as far as you know , " say Hermione . " what if the Death Eaters have find a way to put it on a seventeen-year-old ? " " but Harry have n't be near a Death Eater in the last twenty-four hour . who be suppose to have put a Trace back on him ? " Hermione do not reply . Harry feel contaminated , tainted : be that really how the Death Eaters have find them ? " if I ca n't use magic , and you ca n't use magic near me , without us give away our position - " he begin . " we be not split up ! " say Hermione firmly . " we need a safe place to hide , " say Ron . " give us time to think thing through . " " Grimmauld Place , " say Harry . the other two gape . " do n't be silly , Harry , Snape can get in there ! " " Ron 's dad say they have put up jinx against him - and even if they have n't work , " he press on as Hermione begin to argue " so what ? I swear , I will like nothing good than to meet Snape ! " " but - " " Hermione , where else be there ? it be the good chance we have get . Snape be only one death eater . if I have still get the Trace on me , we will have whole crowd of them on us wherever else we go . " she could not argue , though she look as if she would have like to . while she unlock the café door , Ron click the Deluminator to release the café 's light . then , on Harry 's count of three , they reverse the spell upon their three victim , and before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily , Harry , Ron and Hermione have turn on the spot and vanish into the compress darkness once more . second later Harry 's lung expand gratefully and he open his eye : they be now stand in the middle of a familiar small and shabby square . tall , dilapidated house look down on them from every side . number twelve be visible to them , for they have be tell of its existence by Dumbledore , its Secret-Keeper , and they rush toward it , check every few yard that they be not be follow or observe . they race up the stone step , and Harry tap the front door once with his wand . they hear a series of metallic click and the clatter of a chain , then the door swing open with a creak and they hurry over the threshold . as Harry close the door behind them , the old-fashioned gas lamp spring into life , cast flicker light along the length of the hallway . it look just as Harry remember it : eerie , cobwebbed , the outline of the house-elf head on the wall throw odd shadow up the staircase . long dark curtain conceal the portrait of Sirius 's mother . the only thing that be out of place be the troll 's leg umbrella stand , which be lie on its side as if Tonks have just knock it over again . " I think somebody have be in here , " Hermione whisper , point toward it . " that could have happen as the order leave , " Ron murmur back . " so where be these jinx they put up against Snape ? " Harry ask . " maybe they be only activate if he show up ? " suggest Ron . yet they remain close together on the doormat , back against the door , scare to move farther into the house . " well , we ca n't stay here forever , " say Harry , and he take a step forward . " Severus Snape ? " Mad-Eye Moody 's voice whisper out of the darkness , make all three of them jump back in fright . " we be not Snape ! " croak Harry , before something whoosh over him like cold air and his tongue curl backward on itself , make it impossible to speak . before he have time to feel inside his mouth , however , his tongue have unravel again . the other two seem to have experience the same unpleasant sensation . Ron be make retch noise ; Hermione stammer , " that m-must have b-been the TTongue-Tying Curse Mad-Eye set up for Snape ! " gingerly Harry take another step forward . something shift in the shadow at the end of the hall , and before any of them could say another word , a figure have rise up out of the carpet , tall , dust-colored , and terrible ; Hermione scream and so do Mrs. Black , her curtain fly open ; the gray figure be glide toward them , faster and faster , its waist-length hair and beard stream behind it , its face sunken , fleshless , with empty eye socket : horribly familiar , dreadfully alter , it raise a waste arm , point at Harry . " no ! " Harry shout , and though he have raise his wand no spell occur to him . " no ! it be n't us ! we do n't kill you - " on the word kill , the figure explode in a great cloud of dust : cough , his eye watering , Harry look around to see Hermione crouch on the floor by the door with her arm over her head , and Ron , who be shake from head to foot , pat her clumsily on the shoulder and say , " it be all r-right . . . . it be g-gone . . . . " dust swirl around Harry like mist , catch the blue gaslight , as Mrs. Black continue to scream . " Mudbloods , filth , stain of dishonor , taint of shame on the house of my father - " " SHUT UP ! " Harry bellow , direct his wand at her , and with a bang and a burst of red spark , the curtain swing shut again , silence her . " that . . . that be . . . " Hermione whimper , as Ron help her to her foot . " yeah , " say Harry , " but it be n't really him , be it ? just something to scare Snape . " have it work , Harry wonder , or have Snape already blast the horror-figure aside as casually as he have kill the real Dumbledore ? nerve still tingle , he lead the other two up the hall , half-expecting some new terror to reveal itself , but nothing move except for a mouse skitter along the skirt board . " before we go any farther , I think we will well check , " whisper Hermione , and she raise her wand and say , " Homenum revelio . " nothing happen . " well , you have just have a big shock , " say Ron kindly . " what be that suppose to do ? " " it do what I mean it to do ! " say Hermione rather crossly . " that be a spell to reveal human presence , and there be nobody here except us ! " " and old Dusty , " say Ron , glance at the patch of carpet from which the corpsefigure have rise . " let be go up , " say Hermione with a frightened look at the same spot , and she lead the way up the creak stair to the draw room on the first floor . Hermione wave her wand to ignite the old gas lamp , then , shiver slightly in the drafty room , she perch on the sofa , her arm wrap tightly around her . Ron cross to the window and move the heavy velvet curtain aside an inch . " can n't see anyone out there , " he report . " and you will think , if Harry still have a Trace on him , they will have follow us here . I know they ca n't get in the house , but - what be up , Harry ? " Harry have give a cry of pain : his scar have burn against as something flash across his mind like a bright light on water . he see a large shadow and feel a fury that be not his own pound through his body , violent and brief as an electric shock . " what do you see ? " Ron ask , advance on Harry . " do you see him at my place ? " " no , I just feel anger - he be really angry - " " but that could be at the Burrow , " say Ron loudly . " what else ? do n't you see anything ? be he curse someone ? " " no , I just feel anger - I could n't tell - " Harry feel badger , confuse , and Hermione do not help as she say in a frightened voice , " your scar , again ? but what be go on ? I think that connection have close ! " " it do , for a while , " mutter Harry ; his scar be still painful , which make it hard to concentrate . " I - I think it be start open again whenever he lose control , that be how it use to - " " but then you have get to close your mind ! " say Hermione shrilly . " Harry , Dumbledore do n't want you to use that connection , he want you to shut it down , that be why you be suppose to use Occlumency ! otherwise Voldemort can plant false image in your mind , remember - " " Yeah , I do remember , thanks , " say Harry through grit tooth ; he do not need Hermione to tell him that Voldemort have once use this selfsame connection between them to lead him into a trap , nor that it have result in Sirius 's death . he wish that he have not tell them what he have see and feel ; it make Voldemort more threatening , as though he be press against the window of the room , and still the pain in his scar be build and he fight it : it be like resist the urge to be sick . he turn his back on Ron and Hermione , pretend to examine the old tapestry of the Black family tree on the wall . then Hermione shriek : Harry draw his wand again and spin around to see a silver Patronus soar through the draw room window and land upon the floor in front of them , where it solidify into the weasel that speak with the voice of Ron 's father . " family safe , do not reply , we be be watch . " the Patronus dissolve into nothingness . Ron let out a noise between a whimper and a groan and drop onto the sofa : Hermione join him , grip his arm . " they be all right , they be all right ! " she whisper , and Ron half laugh and hug her . " Harry , " he say over Hermione 's shoulder , " I - " " it be not a problem , " say Harry , sicken by the pain in his head . " it be your family , ' course you be worry . I will feel the same way . " he think of Ginny . " I do feel the same way . " the pain in his scar be reach a peak , burn as it have back in the garden of the Burrow . faintly he hear Hermione say " I do n't want to be on my own . could we use the sleep bag I have bring and camp in here tonight ? " he hear Ron agree . he could not fight the pain much longer . he have to succumb . " bathroom , " he mutter , and he leave the room as fast as he could without run . he barely make it : bolt the door behind him with tremble hand , he grasp his pound head and fall to the floor , then in an explosion of agony , he feel the rage that do not belong to him possess his soul , see a long room light only by firelight , and the giant blond death eater on the floor , scream and writhe , and a slight figure stand over him , wand outstretch , while Harry speak in a high , cold , merciless voice . " more , Rowle , or shall we end it and feed you to Nagini ? Lord Voldemort be not sure that he will forgive this time . . . . you call me back for this , to tell me that Harry Potter have escape again ? Draco , give Rowle another taste of our displeasure . . . . do it , or feel my wrath yourself ! " a log fall in the fire : flame rear , their light dart across a terrify , point white face - with a sense of emerge from deep water , Harry draw heave breath and open his eye . he be spread-eagle on the cold black marble floor , his nose inch from one of the silver serpent tail that support the large bathtub . he sit up . Malfoy 's gaunt , petrify face seem burn on the inside of his eye . Harry feel sicken by what he have see , by the use to which Draco be now be put by Voldemort . there be a sharp rap on the door , and Harry jump as Hermione 's voice ring out . " Harry , do you want your toothbrush ? I have get it here . " " yeah , great , thanks , " he say , fight to keep his voice casual as he stand up to let her in . Chapter Ten Kreacher 's Tale Harry wake early next morning , wrap in a sleep bag on the draw room floor . a chink of sky be visible between the heavy curtain . it be the cool , clear blue of water ink , somewhere between night and dawn , and everything be quiet except for Ron and Hermione 's slow , deep breathing . Harry glance over at the dark shape they make on the floor beside him . Ron have have a fit of gallantry and insist that Hermione sleep on the cushion from the sofa , so that her silhouette be raise above his . her arm curve to the floor , her finger inch from Ron 's . Harry wonder whether they have fall asleep holding hand . the idea make him feel strangely lonely . he look up at the shadowy ceiling , the cobwebbed chandelier . less than twenty-four house ago , he have be stand in the sunlight at the entrance to the marquee , wait to show in wedding guest . it seem a lifetime away . what be go to happen now ? he lie on the floor and he think of the Horcruxes , of the daunting complex mission Dumbledore have leave him … Dumbledore … the grief that have possess him since Dumbledore 's death feel different now . the accusation he have hear from Muriel at the wedding seem to have nest in his brain like diseased thing , infect his memory of the wizard he have idolize . could Dumbledore have let such thing happen ? have he be like Dudley , content to watch neglect and abuse as long as it do not affect him ? could he have turn his back on a sister who be be imprison and hide ? Harry think of Godric 's Hollow , of grave Dumbledore have never mention there ; he think of mysterious object leave without explanation in Dumbledore 's will , and resentment swell in the darkness . why have n't Dumbledore tell him ? why have n't he explain ? have Dumbledore actually care about Harry at all ? or have Harry be nothing more than a tool to be polish and hone , but not trust , never confide in ? Harry could not stand lie there with nothing but bitter thought for company . desperate for something to do , for distraction , he slip out of his sleeping bad , pick up his wand , and creep out of the room . on the landing he whisper , " Lumos , " and start to climb the stair by wandlight . on the second landing be the bedroom in which he and Ron have sleep last time they have be here ; he glance into it . the wardrobe door stand open and the bedclothes have be rip back . Harry remember the overturn troll leg downstairs . somebody have search the house since the order have leave . Snape ? or perhaps Mundungus , who have pilfer plenty from this house both before and after Sirius die ? Harry 's gaze wander to the portrait that sometimes contain Phineas Nigellus Black , Sirius 's great-great grandfather , but it be empty , show nothing but a stretch of muddy backdrop . Phineas Nigellus be evidently spend the night in the headmaster 's study at Hogwarts . Harry continue up the stair until he reach the topmost landing where there be only two door . the one face him bear a nameplate read Sirius . Harry have never enter his godfather 's bedroom before . he push open the door , hold his wand high to cast light as widely as possible . the room be spacious and must once have be handsome . there be a large bed with a carve wooden headboard , a tall window obscure by long velvet curtain and a chandelier thickly coat in dust with candle scrub still rest in its socket , solid wax bang in frostlike drip . a fine film of dust cover the picture on the wall and the bed 's headboard ; a spider web stretch between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe , and as Harry move deep into the room , he head a scurry of disturbed mouse . the teenage Sirius have plaster the wall with so many poster and picture that little of the wall 's silvery-gray silk be visible . Harry could only assume that Sirius 's parent have be unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that keep them on the wall because he be sure they would not have appreciate their eldest son 's taste in decoration . Sirius seem to have long go out of his way to annoy his parent . there be several large Gryffindor banner , fade scarlet and gold just to underline his difference from all the rest of the Slytherin family . there be many picture of Muggle motorcycle , and also ( Harry have to admire Sirius 's nerve ) several poster of bikini-clad Muggle girl . Harry could tell that they be Muggles because they remain quite stationary within their picture , fade smile and glaze eye freeze on the paper . this be in contrast the only Wizarding photograph on the wall which be a picture of four Hogwarts student stand arm in arm , laugh at the camera . with a leap of pleasure , Harry recognize his father , his untidy black hair stick up at the back like Harry 's , and he too wear glass . beside him be Sirius , carelessly handsome , his slightly arrogant face so much young and happy than Harry have ever see it alive . to Sirius 's right stand Pettigrew , more than a head short , plump and watery-eyed , flush with pleasure at his inclusion in this cool of gang , with the much-admired rebel that James and Sirius have be . on James 's left be Lupin , even then a little shabby-looking , but he have the same air of delighted surprise at find himself like and include or be it simply because Harry know how it have be , that he see these thing in the picture ? he try to take it from the wall ; it be his now , after all , Sirius have leave him everything , but it would not budge . Sirius have take no chance in prevent his parent from redecorate his room . Harry look around at the floor . the sky outside be grow bright . a shaft of light reveal bit of paper , book , and small object scatter over the carpet . evidently Sirius 's bedroom have be reach too , although its content seem to have be judge mostly , if not entirely , worthless . a few of the book have be shake roughly enough to part company with the cover and sundry page litter the floor . Harry bend down , pick up a few of the piece of paper , and examine them . he recognize one as a part of an old edition of a history of Magic , by Bathilda Bagshot , and another as belong to a motorcycle maintenance manual . the third be handwritten and crumpled . he smooth it out . Dear Padfoot , thank you , thank you , for Harry 's birthday present ! it be his favorite by far . one year old and already zoom along on a toy broomstick , he look so pleased with himself . I be enclose a picture so you can see . you know it only rise about two foot off the ground but he nearly kill the cat and he smash a horrible vase Petunia send me for Christmas ( no complaint there ) . of course James think it be so funny , say he be go to be a great Quidditch player but we have have to pack away all the ornament and make sure we do n't take our eye off him when he get go . we have a very quiet birthday tea , just us and old Bathilda who have always be sweet to us and who dote on Garry . we be so sorry you could n't come , but the order be get to come first , and Harry 's not old enough to know it be his birthday anyway ! James be get a bit frustrate shut up here , he try not to show it but I can tell - also Dumbledore 's still get his Invisibility Cloak , so no chance of little excursion . if you could visit , it would cheer him up so much . wormy be here last weekend . I think he seem down , but that be probably the next about the McKinnons ; I cry all evening when I hear . Bathilda drop in most day , she be a fascinating old thing with the most amazing story about Dumbledore . I be not sure he will be please if he know ! I do n't know how much to believe , actually because it seem incredible that Dumbledore Harry 's extremity seem to have go numb . he stand quite still , hold the miraculous paper in his nerveless finger while inside him a kind of quiet eruption send joy and grief thunder its equal measure through his vein . lurch to the bed , he sit down . he read the letter again , but could not take in any more meaning than he have do the first time , and be reduce to stare at the handwriting itself . she have make her " g"s the same way he do . he search through the letter for every one of them , and each feel like a friendly little wave glimpse from behind a veil . the letter be an incredible treasure , proof that Lily Potter have live , really live , that her warm hand have once move across this parchment , trace ink into these letter , these word , word about him , Harry , her son . impatiently brush away the wetness in his eye , he reread the letter , this time concentrate on the meaning . it be like listen to a half-remembered voice . they have a cat … perhaps it have perish , like his parent at Godric 's Hollow … or else flee when there be nobody leave to feed it … Sirius have buy him his first broomstick … his parent have know Bathilda Bagshot ; have Dumbledore introduce them ? Dumbledore 's still get his Invisibility Cloak … there be something funny there … Harry pause , ponder his mother 's word . why have Dumbledore take James 's Invisibility Cloak ? Harry distinctly remember his headmaster tell him year before , " I do n't need a cloak to become invisible " perhaps some less gifted order member have need its assistance , and Dumbledore have act as a carrier ? Harry pass on … Wormy be here … Pettigrew , the traitor , have seem " down " have he ? be he aware that he be see James and Lily alive for the last time ? and finally Bathilda again , who tell incredible story about Dumbledore . it seem incredible that Dumbledore -- that Dumbledore what ? but there be any number of thing that would seem incredible about Dumbledore ; that he have once receive bottom mark in a transfiguration test , for instance or have take up goat charming like Aberforth … Harry get to his foot and scan the floor : perhaps the rest of the letter be here somewhere . he seize paper , treat them in his eagerness , with as little consideration as the original searcher , he pull open drawer , shake out book , stand on a chair to run his hand over the top of the wardrobe , and crawl under the bed and armchair . at last , lie facedown on the floor , he spot what look like a torn piece of paper under the chest of drawer . when he pull it out , it prove to be most of the photograph that Lily have describe in her letter . a black-haired baby be zoom in and out of the picture on a tiny broom , roar with laughter , and a pair of leg that must have belong to James be chase after him . Harry tuck the photograph into his pocket with Lily 's letter and continue to look for the second sheet . after another quarter of an hour , however he be force to conclude that the rest of his mother 's letter be go . have it simply be lose in the sixteen year that have elapse since it have be write , or have it be take by whoever have search the room ? Harry read the first sheet again , this time look for clue as to what might have make the second sheet valuable . his toy broomstick could hardly be consider interesting to the Death Eaters … the only potentially useful thing he could see her be possible information on Dumbledore . it seem incredible that Dumbledore - what ? " Harry ? Harry ? Harry ! " " I be here ! " he call , " what be happen ? " there be a clatter of footstep outside the door , and Hermione burst inside . " we wake up and do n't know where you be ! " she say breathlessly . she turn and shout over her shoulder , " Ron ! I have find him " Ron 's annoyed voice echo distantly from several floor below . " good ! tell him from me he be a git ! " " Harry do n't just disappear , please , we be terrify ! why do you come up here anyway ? " she gaze around the ransack room . " what have you be do ? " " look what I have just find " he hold out his mother 's letter . Hermione take it out and read it while Harry watch her . when she reach the end of the page she look up at him . " oh Harry … " " and there be this too " he hand her the torn photograph , and Hermione smile at the baby zoom in and out of sight on the toy broom . " I have be look for the rest of the letter , " Harry say , " but it be not here . " Hermione glance around . " do you make all this mess , or be some of it do when you get here ? " " someone have search before me , " say Harry . " I think so . every room I look into on the way up have be disturb . what be they after , do you think ? " " information on the order , if it be Snape . " " but you will think he will already have all he need . I mean be in the order , be n't he ? " " well then , " say Harry , keen to discuss his theory , " what about information on Dumbledore ? the second page of the letter , for instance . you know this Bathilda my mum mention , you know who she be ? " " who ? " " Bathilda Bagshot , the author of - " " a history of Magic , " say Hermione , look interested . " so your parent know her ? she be an incredible magic historian . " " and she be still alive , " say Harry , " and she live in Godric 's Hollow . Ron 's Auntie Muriel be talk about her at the wedding . she know Dumbledore 's family too . be pretty interesting to talk to , would n't she ? " there be a little too much understanding in the smile Hermione give him for Harry 's liking . he take back the letter and the photograph and tuck them inside the pouch around his neck , so as not to have to look at her and give himself away . " I understand why you will love to talk to her about your mum and dad , and Dumbledore too , " say Hermione . " but that would n't really help us in our search for the Horcruxes , would it ? " Harry do not answer , and she rush on , " Harry , I know you really want to go to Godric 's Hollow , but I be scare . I be scare at how easily those Death Eaters find us yesterday . it just make me feel more than ever that we ought to avoid the place where your parent be bury , I be sure they will be expect you to visit it . " " it be not just that , " Harry say , still avoid look at her , " Muriel say stuff about Dumbledore at the wedding . I want to know the truth … " he tell Hermione everything that Muriel have tell him . when he have finish , Hermione say , " of course , I can see why that have upset you , Harry - " " I be not upset , " he lie , " I will just like to know whether or not it be true or - " " Harry do you really think you will get the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel , or from Rita Skeeter ? how can you believe them ? you know Dumbledore ! " " I think I do , " he mutter . " but you know how much truth there be in everything Rita write about you ! doge be right , how can you let these people tarnish your memory of Dumbledore ? " he look away , try not to betray the resentment he feel . there it be again : choose what to believe . he want the truth . why be everybody so determine that he should not get it ? " shall we go down to the kitchen ? " Hermione suggest after a little pause . " find something for breakfast ? " he agree , but grudgingly , and follow her out onto the landing and past the second door that lead off it . there be deep scratch mark in the paintwork below a small sign that he have not notice in the dark . he pass at the top of the stair to read it . it be a pompous little sign , neatly letter by hand the sort of thing that Percy Weasley might have stick on his bedroom door . do not Enter without the Express Permission of Regulus Arcturus Black Excitement trickle through Harry , but he be not immediately sure why . he read the sign again . Hermione be already a flight of stair below him . " Hermione , " he say , and he be surprise that his voice be so calm . " come back up here . " " what be the matter ? " " R.A.B. I think I have find him . " there be a gasp , and then Hermione run back up the stair . " in your mum 's letter ? but I do n't see - " Harry shake his head , point at Regulus 's sign . she read it , then clutch Harry 's arm so tightly that he wince . " Sirius 's brother ? " she whisper . " he be a Death Eater , " say Harry . " Sirius tell me about him , he join up when he be really young and then get cold foot and try to leave - so they kill him . " " that fit ! " gasp Hermione . " if he be a Death Eater he have access to Voldemort , and if he become disenchanted , then he would have want to bring Voldemort down ! " she release Harry , lean over the banister , and scream , " Ron ! Ron ! get up here , quick ! " Ron appear , pant , a minute later , his wand ready in his hand . " what be up ? if it 's massive spider again I want breakfast before I - " he frown at the sign on Regulus 's door , in which Hermione be silently point . " what ? that be Sirius 's brother , be n't it ? Regulus Arcturus … Regulus … R.A.B. ! the locket - you do n't reckon -- ? " " let be find out , " say Harry . he push the door : it be lock . Hermione point her wand at the handle and say , " Alohamora . " there be a click , and the door swing open . they move over the threshold together , gaze around . Regulus 's bedroom be slightly small than Sirius 's , though it have the same sense of former grandeur . whereas Sirius have seek to advertise his diffidence from the rest of the family , Regulus have strive to emphasize the opposite . the Slytherin color of emerald and silver be everywhere , drape the bed , the wall , and the window . the Black family crest be painstakingly paint over the bed , along with its motto , TOUJOURS PUR . beneath this be a collection of yellow newspaper cutting , all stick together to make a ragged collage . Hermione cross the room to examine them . " they be all about Voldemort , " she say . " Regulus seem to have be a fan for a few year before he join the Death Eaters … " a little puff of dust rise from the bedcover as she sit down to read the clipping . Harry , meanwhile , have notice another photograph : a Hogwarts Quidditch team be smile and wave out of the frame . he move closer and see the snake emblazon on their chest : Slytherins . Regulus be instantly recognizable as the boy sit in the middle of the front row : he have the same dark hair and slightly haughty look of his brother , though he be small , slight , and rather less handsome than Sirius have be . " he play Seeker , " say Harry . " what ? " say Hermione vaguely ; she be still immerse in Voldemort 's press clipping . " he be sit in the middle of the front row , that be where the Seeker … Never mind , " say Harry , realize that nobody be listen . Ron be on his hand and knee , search under the wardrobe . Harry look around the room for likely hiding place and approach the desk . yet again , somebody have search before them . the drawer ' content have be turn over recently , the dust disturb , but there be nothing of value there : old quill , out-of-date textbook that bear evidence of be roughly handle , a recently smash ink bottle , its sticky residue cover the content of the drawer . " there be an easy way , " say Hermione , as Harry wipe his inky finger on his jean . she raise her wand and say , " Accio Locket ! " nothing happen . Ron , who have be search the fold of the fade curtain , look disappointed . " be that it , then ? it be not here ? " " oh , it could still be here , but under counter-enchantments , " say Hermione . " charm to prevent it from be summon magically , you know . " " like Voldemort put on the stone basin in the cave , " say Harry , remember how he have be unable to Summon the fake locket . " how be we suppose to find it then ? " ask Ron . " we search manually , " say Hermione . " that be a good idea , " say Ron , roll his eye , and he resume his examination of the curtain . they comb every inch of the room for more than an hour , but be force , finally , to conclude that the locket be not there . the sun have rise now ; its light dazzle them even through the grimy landing window . " it could be somewhere else in the house , though , " say Hermione in a rally tone as they walk back downstairs . as Harry and Ron have become more discouraged , she seem to have become more determined . " whether he will manage to destroy it or not , he will want to keep it hide from Voldemort , would n't he ? remember all those awful thing we have to get rid of when we be here last time ? that clock that shoot bolt at everyone and those old robe that try to strangle Ron ; Regulus might have put them there to protect the locket 's hiding place , even though we do n't realize it at … at … " Harry and Ron look at her . she be stand with one foot in midair , with the dumbstruck look of one who have just be Obliviated : her eye have even drift out of focus . " … at the time , " she finish in a whisper . " something wrong ? " ask Ron . " there be a locket . " " what ? " say Harry and Ron together . " in the cabinet in the drawing room . nobody could open it . and we … we … " Harry feel as though a brick have slide down through his chest into his stomach . he remember . he have even handle the thing as they pass it around , each try in turn to pry it open . it have be toss into a sack of rubbish , along with the snuffbox of Wartcap powder and the music box that have make everyone sleepy … " " Kreacher nick load of thing back from us , " say Harry . it be the only chance , the only slender hope leave to them , and he be go to cling to it until force to let go . " he have a whole stash of stuff in his cupboard in the kitchen . C'mon . " he run down the stair take two step at a time , the other two thundering along in his wake . they make so much noise that they wake the portrait of Sirius 's mother as they pass through the hall . " filth ! Mudbloods ! scum ! " she scream after them as they dash down into the basement kitchen and slam the door behind them . Harry run the length of the room , skid to a halt at the door of Kreacher 's cupboard , and wrench it open . there be the nest of dirty old blanket in which the house-elf have once sleep , but they be not longer glitter with the trinket Kreacher have salvage . the only thing there be an old copy of Nature 's nobility : a Wizarding Genealogy . refuse to believe his eye , Harry snatch up the blanket and shake them . a dead mouse fall out and roll dismally across the floor . Ron groan as he throw himself into a kitchen chair ; Hermione close her eye . " it be not over yet , " say Harry , and he raise his voice and call , " Kreacher ! " there be a loud crack and the house elf that Harry have so reluctantly inherit from Sirius appear out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace : tiny , half human-sized , his pale skin hang off him in fold , white hair sprout copiously from his batlike ear . he be still wear the filthy rag in which they have first meet him , and the contemptuous look he bend upon Harry show that his attitude to his change of ownership have alter no more than his outfit . " master , " croak Kreacher in his bullfrog 's voice , and he bow low ; mutter to his knee , " back in my mistress 's old house with the blood-traitor Weasley and the Mudblood - " " I forbid you to call anyone ' blood traitor ' or ' Mudblood , ' " growl Harry . he would have find Kreacher , with his snoutlike nose and bloodshot eye , a distinctively unlovable object even if the elf have not betray Sirius to Voldemort . " I have get a question for you , " say Harry , his heart beating rather fast as he look down at the elf , " and I order you to answer it truthfully . understand ? " " yes , Master , " say Kreacher , bow low again . Harry see his lip move soundlessly , undoubtedly frame the insult he be now forbid to utter . " two year ago , " say Harry , his heart now hammer against his rib , " there be a big gold locket in the draw room upstairs . we throw it out . do you steal it back ? " there be a moment 's silence , during which Kreacher straighten up to look Harry full in the face . then he say , " Yes . " " where be it now ? " ask Harry jubilantly as Ron and Hermione look gleeful . Kreacher close his eye as though he could not bear to see their reaction to his next word . " go . " " go ? " echo Harry , elation float out of him , " what do you mean , it be go ? " the elf shiver . he sway . " Kreacher , " say Harry fiercely , " I order you - " " Mundungus Fletcher , " croak the elf , his eye still tight shut . " Mundungus Fletcher steal it all ; Miss Bella 's and Miss Cissy 's picture , my mistress 's glove , the order of Merlin , First Class , the goblet with the family crest , and - and - " Kreacher be gulp for air : his hollow chest be rise and fall rapidly , then his eye fly open and he utter a bloodcurdling scream . " - and the locket , Master Regulus 's locket . Kreacher do wrong , Kreacher fail in his order ! " Harry react instinctively : as Kreacher lunge for the poker standing in the grate , he launch himself upon the elf , flatten him . Hermione 's scream mingle with Kreacher 's but Harry bellow louder than both of them : " Kreacher , I order you to stay still ! " he feel the elf freeze and release him . Kreacher lie flat on the cold stone floor , tear gush from his sag eye . " Harry , let him up ! " Hermione whisper . " so he can beat himself up with the poker ? " snort Harry , kneel beside the elf . " I do n't think so . right . Kreacher , I want the truth : how do you know Mundungus Fletcher steal the locket ? " " Kreacher see him ! " gasp the elf as tear pour over his snout and into his mouth full of gray tooth . " Kreacher see him come out of Kreacher 's cupboard with his hand full of Kreacher 's treasure . Kreacher tell the sneak thief to stop , but Mundungus Fletcher laugh and r-ran … " " you call the locket ' Master Regulus 's , ' " say Harry . " why ? where do it come from ? what do Regulus have to do with it ? Kreacher , sit up and tell me everything you know about that locket , and everything Regulus have to do with it ! " the elf sit up , curl into a ball , place his wet face between his knee , and begin to rock backward and forward . when he speak , his voice be muffle but quite distinct in the silent , echo kitchen . " Master Sirius run away , good riddance , for he be a bad boy and break my mistress 's heart with his lawless way . but Master Regulus have proper order ; he know what be due to the name of Black and the dignity of his pure blood . for year he talk of the Dark Lord , who be go to bring the wizard out of hide to rule the Muggles and the Muggle-borns … and when he be sixteen year old , Master Regulus join the Dark Lord . so proud , so proud , so happy to serve … and one day , a year after he join , Master Regulus come down to the kitchen to see Kreacher . Master Regulus always like Kreacher . and Master Regulus say … he say … " the old elf rock faster than ever . " … he say that the Dark Lord require an elf . " " Voldemort need an elf ? " Harry repeat , look around at Ron and Hermione , who look just as puzzle as he do . " oh yes , " moan Kreacher . " and Master Regulus have volunteer Kreacher . it be an honor , say Master Regulus , an honor for him and for Kreacher , who must be sure to do whatever the Dark Lord order him to do … and then to c-come home . " Kreacher rock still faster , his breath come in sob . " so Kreacher go to the Dark Lord . the Dark Lord do not tell Kreacher what they be to do , but take Kreacher with him to a cave beside the sea . and beyond the cave be a cavern , and in the cavern be a great black lake … " the hair on the back of Harry 's neck stand up . Kreacher 's croak voice seem to come to him from across the dark water . he see what have happen as clearly as though he have be present . " … there be a boat … " of course there have be a boat ; Harry know the boat , ghostly green and tiny , bewitch so as to carry one wizard and one victim toward the island in the center . this , then , be how Voldemort have test the defense surround the Horcrux , by borrow a disposable creature , a house-elf … " there be a b-basin full of potion on the island . the D-Dark Lord make Kreacher drink it … " the elf quak from head to foot . " Kreacher drink , and as he drink he see terrible thing … Kreacher 's inside burn … Kreacher cry for Master Regulus to save him , he cry for his Mistress Black , but the Dark Lord only laugh … he make Kreacher drink all the potion … he drop a locket into the empty basin … he fill it with more potion . " " and then the Dark Lord sail away , leave Kreacher on the island … " Harry could see it happen . he watch Voldemort 's white , snakelike face vanish into darkness , those red eye fix pitilessly on the thrashing elf whose death would occur within minute , whenever he succumb to the desperate thirst that the burning poison cause its victim … but here , Harry 's imagination could go no further , for he could not see how Kreacher have escape . " Kreacher need water , he crawl to the island 's edge and he drink from the black lake … and hand , dead hand , come out of the water and drag Kreacher under the surface … " " how do you get away ? " Harry ask , and he be not surprise to hear himself whisper . Kreacher raise his ugly head and look Harry with his great , bloodshot eye . " Master Regulus tell Kreacher to come back , " he say . " I know - but how do you escape the Inferi ? " Kreacher do not seem to understand . " Master Regulus tell Kreacher to come back , " he repeat . " I know , but - " " well , it be obvious , be n't it , Harry ? " say Ron . " he Disapparated ! " " but … you could n't Apparate in and out of that cave , " say Harry , " otherwise Dumbledore - " " Elf magic be n't like wizard 's magic , be it ? " say Ron , " I mean , they can Apparate and Disapparate in and out of Hogwarts when we ca n't . " there be a silence as Harry digest this . how could Voldemort have make such a mistake ? but even as he think this , Hermione speak , and her voice be icy . " of course , Voldemort would have consider the way of house-elves far beneath his notice … it would never have occur to him that they might have magic that he do n't . " " the house-elf 's high law be his Master 's bidding , " intone Kreacher . " Kreacher be tell to come home , so Kreacher come home … " " well , then , you do what you be tell , do n't you ? " say Hermione kindly . " you do n't disobey order at all ! " Kreacher shake his head , rock as fast as ever . " so what happen when you get back ? " Harry ask . " what do Regulus say when you tell him what happen ? " " Master Regulus be very worry , very worry , " croak Kreacher . " Master Regulus tell Kreacher to stay hidden and not to leave the house . and then … it be a little while later … Master Regulus come to find Kreacher in his cupboard one night , and Master Regulus be strange , not as he usually be , disturb in his mind , Kreacher could tell … and he ask Kreacher to take him to the cave , the cave where Kreacher have go with the Dark Lord … " and so they have set off . Harry could visualize them quite clearly , the frightened old elf and the thin , dark Seeker who have so resemble Sirius … Kreacher know how to open the conceal entrance to the underground cavern , know how to raise the tiny boat : this time it be his beloved Regulus who sail with him to the island with its basin of poison … " and he make you drink the poison ? " say Harry , disgust . but Kreacher shake his head and weep . Hermione 's hand leap to her mouth : she seem to have understand something . " M-Master Regulus take from his pocket a locket like the one the Dark Lord have , " say Kreacher , tear pour down either side of his snoutlike nose . " and he tell Kreacher to take it and , when the basin be empty , to switch the locket … " Kreacher 's sob come in great rasp now ; Harry have to concentrate hard to understand him . " and he order - Kreacher to leave - without him . and he tell Kreacher - to go home - and never to tell my mistress - what he have do - but to destroy - the first locket . and he drink - all the potion - and Kreacher swap the locket - and watch … as Master Regulus … be drag beneath the water … and … " " oh , Kreacher ! " wail Hermione , who be cry . she drop to her knee beside the elf and try to hug him . at once he be on his foot , cringe away from her , quite obviously repulse . " the Mudblood touch Kreacher , he will not allow it , what would his mistress say ? " " I tell you not to call her ' Mudblood ' ! " snarl Harry , but the elf be already punish himself . he fall to the ground and bang his forehead on the floor . " stop him - stop him ! " Hermione cry . " oh , do n't you see now how sick it be , the way they have get to obey ? " " Kreacher - stop , stop ! " shout Harry . the elf lie on the floor , pant and shiver , green mucus glisten around his snot , a bruise already bloom on his pallid forehead where he have strike himself , his eye swollen and bloodshot and swimming in tear . Harry have never see anything so pitiful . " so you bring the locket home , " he say relentlessly , for he be determine to know the full story . " and you try to destroy it ? " " Nothing Kreacher do make any mark upon it , " moan the elf . " Kreacher try everything , everything he know , but nothing , nothing would work … so many powerful spell upon the casing , Kreacher be sure the way to destroy it be to get inside it , but it would not open … Kreacher punish himself , he try again , he punish himself , he try again . Kreacher fail to obey order , Kreacher could not destroy the locket ! and his mistress be mad with grief , because Master Regulus have disappear and Kreacher could not tell her what have happen , no , because Master Regulus have f-f-forbidden him to tell any of the f-f-family what happen in the c-cave … " Kreacher begin to sob so hard that there be no more coherent word . tear flow down Hermione 's cheek as she watch Kreacher , but she do not dare touch him again . even Ron , who be no fan of Kreacher 's , look troubled . Harry sit back on his heel and shake his head , try to clear it . " I do n't understand you , Kreacher , " he say finally . " Voldemort try to kill you , Regulus die to bring Voldemort down , but you be still happy to betray Sirius to Voldemort ? you be happy to go to Narcissa and Bellatrix , and pass information to Voldemort through them … " " Harry , Kreacher do n't think like that , " say Hermione , wipe her eye on the back of her hand . " he be a slave ; house-elves be use to bad , even brutal treatment ; what Voldemort do to Kreacher be n't that far out of the common way . what do wizard war mean to an elf like Kreacher ? he be loyal to people who be kind to him , and Mrs. Black must have be , and Regulus certainly be , so he serve them willingly and parrot their belief . I know what you be go to say , " she go on as Harry begin to protest , " that Regulus change his mind … but he do n't seem to have explain that to Kreacher , do he ? " and I think I know why . Kreacher and Regulus 's family be all safe if they keep to the old pure-blood line . Regulus be try to protect them all . " " Sirius - " " Sirius be horrible to Kreacher , Harry , and it be no good look like that , you know it be true . Kreacher have be alone for such a long time when Sirius come to live here , and he be probably starve for a bit of affection . I be sure ' Miss Cissy ' and ' Miss Bella ' be perfectly lovely to Kreacher when he turn up , so he do them a favor and tell them everything they want to know . I have say all along that wizard would pay for how they treat house-elves . well , Voldemort do … and so do Sirius . " Harry have no retort . as he watch Kreacher sob on the floor , he remember what Dumbledore have say to him , mere hour after Sirius 's death : I do not think Sirius ever see Kreacher as a being with feeling as acute as a human 's … " Kreacher , " say Harry after a while , " when you feel up to it , er … please sit up . " it be several minute before Kreacher hiccupped himself into silence . then he push himself into a sit position again , rub his knuckle into his eye like a small child . " Kreacher , I be go to ask you to do something , " say Harry . he glance at Hermione for assistance . he want to give the order kindly , but at the same time , he could not pretend that it be not an order . however , the change in his tone seem to have gain her approval : she smile encouragingly . " Kreacher , I want you , please , to go and find Mundungus Fletcher . we need to find out where the locket - where Master Regulus 's locket it . it be really important . we want to finish the work Master Regulus start , we want to - er - ensure that he do n't die in vain . " Kreacher drop his fist and look up at Harry . " find Mundungus Fletcher ? " he croak . and bring him here , to Grimmauld Place , " say Harry . " do you think you could do that for us ? " as Kreacher nod and get to his foot , Harry have a sudden inspiration . he pull out Hagrid 's purse and take out the fake Horcrux , the substitute locket in which Regulus have place the note to Voldemort . " Kreacher , I will , er , like you to have this , " he say , press the locket into the elf 's hand . " this belong to Regulus and I be sure he will want you to have it as a token of gratitude for what you - " " Overkill , mate , " say Ron as the elf take one look at the locket , let out a howl of shock and misery , and throw himself back onto the ground . it take them nearly half an hour to calm down Kreacher , who be so overcome to be present with a Black family heirloom for his very own that he be too weak at the knee to stand properly . when finally he be able to totter a few step they all accompany him to his cupboard , watch him tuck up the locket safely in his dirty blanket , and assure him that they would make its protection their first priority while he be away . he then make two low bow to Harry and Ron , and even give a funny little spasm in Hermione 's direction that might have be an attempt at a respectful salute , before Disapparating with the usual loud crack . Chapter Eleven The Bribe if Kreacher could escape a lake full of Inferi , Harry be confident that the capture of Mundungus would take a few hour at most , and he prowl the house all morning in a state of high anticipation . however , Kreacher do not return that morning or even that afternoon . by nightfall , Harry feel discouraged and anxious , and a supper compose largely of moldy bread , upon which Hermione have try a variety of unsuccessful transfiguration , do nothing to help . Kreacher do not return the follow day , nor the day after that . however , two cloak man have appear in the square outside number twelve , and they remain there into the night , gaze in the direction of the house that they could not see . " Death Eaters , for sure , " say Ron , as he , Harry , and Hermione watch from the draw room window . " reckon they know we be in here ? " " I do n't think so , " say Hermione , though she look frightened , " or they will have send Snape in after us , would n't they ? " " D'you reckon he have be in here and have his tongue tie by Moody 's curse ? " ask Ron . " yes , " say Hermione , " otherwise he will have be able to tell that lot how to get in , would n't he ? but they be probably watch to see whether we turn up . they know that Harry own the house , after all . " " how do they -- ? " begin Harry . " Wizarding will be examine by the Ministry , remember ? they will know Sirius leave you the place . " the presence of the Death Eaters outside increase the ominous mood inside number twelve . they have not hear a word form anyone beyond Grimmauld Place since Mr. Weasley 's Patronus , and the strain be start to tell . restless and irritable , Ron have develop an annoy habit of play with the Deluminator in his pocket ; this particularly infuriate Hermione , who be whil away the wait for Kreacher by study the Tales of Beedle the Bard and do not appreciate the way the light keep flash on and off . " will you stop it ! " she cry on the third evening of Kreacher 's absence , as all the light be suck from the draw room yet again . " sorry , sorry ! " say Ron , click the Deluminator and restore the light . " I do n't know I be do it ! " " well , ca n't you find something useful to occupy yourself ? " " what , like read kid ' story ? " " Dumbledore leave me this book , Ron - " " - and he leave me the Deluminator , maybe I be suppose to use it ! " unable to stand the bickering , Harry slip out of the room unnoticed by either of them . he head downstairs toward the kitchen , which he keep visit because he be sure that be where Kreacher be most likely to reappear . halfway down the flight of stair into the hall , however , he hear a tap on the front door , then metallic click and the grind of the chain . every nerve in his body seem to tauten : he pull out his wand , move into the shadow beside the decapitate elf head , and wait . the door open : he see a glimpse of the lamplit square outside , and a cloak figure edge into the hall and close the door behind it . the intruder take a step forward , and Moody 's voice ask , " Severus Snape ? " then the dust figure rise from the end of the hall and rush him , raise its dead hand . " it be not I who kill you , Albus , " say a quiet voice . the jinx break : the dust-figure explode again , and it be impossible to make out the newcomer through the dense gray cloud it leave behind . Harry point the wand into the middle of it . " do n't move ! " he have forget the portrait of Mrs. Black : at the sound of his yell , the curtain hide her fly open and she begin to scream , " Mudbloods and filth dishonor my house - " Ron and Hermione come crash down the stair behind Harry , wand point , like his , at the unknown man now stand with his arm raise in the hall below . " hold your fire , it be me , Remus ! " " oh , thank goodness , " say Hermione weakly , point her wand at Mrs. Black instead ; with a bang , the curtain swish shut again and silence fall . Ron too lower his wand , but Harry do not . " show yourself ! " he call back . lupin move forward into the lamplight , hand still hold high in a gesture of surrender . " I be Remus John Lupin , werewolf , sometimes know as Moony , one of the four creator of the Marauder 's Map , marry to Nymphadora , usually know as Tonks , and I teach you how to produce a Patronus , Harry , which take the form of a stag . " " oh , all right , " say Harry , lower his wand , " but I have to check , do n't I ? " " speak as your ex-Defense against the Dark Arts teacher , I quite agree that you have to check . Ron , Hermione , you should n't be so quick to lower your defense . " they run down the stair towards him . wrap in a thick black travel cloak , he look exhaust , but please to see them . " no sign of Severus , then ? " he ask . " no , " say Harry . " what be go on ? be everyone okay ? ' " Yes , " say Lupin , " but we be all be watch . there be a couple of Death Eaters in the square outside - " " we know - " " I have to Apparate very precisely onto the top step outside the front door to be sure that they would not see me . they ca n't know you be in here or I be sure they will have more people out there ; they be stake out everywhere that have get any connection with you , Harry . let be go downstairs , there be a lot to tell you , and I want to know what happen after you leave the Burrow . " they descend into the kitchen , where Hermione point her wand at the grate . a fire spring up instantly : it give the illusion of coziness to the stark stone wall and glisten off the long wooden table . lupin pull a few butterbeers from beneath his travel cloak and they sit down . " I will have be here three day ago but I need to shake off the Death Eater tail me , " say Lupin . " so , you come straight here after the wedding ? " " no , " say Harry , " only after we run into a couple of Death Eaters in a café on Tottenham Court Road . " lupin slop most of his butterbeer down his front . " what ? " they explain what have happen ; when they have finish , Lupin look aghast . " but how do they find you so quickly ? it be impossible to track anyone who Apparates , unless you grab hold of them as they disappear . " " and it do n't seem likely they be just stroll down Tottenham Court Road at the time , do it ? " say Harry . " we wonder , " say Hermione tentatively , " whether Harry could still have the Trace on him ? " " impossible , " say Lupin . Ron look smug , and Harry feel hugely relieve . " apart from anything else , they will know for sure Harry be here if he still have the Trace on him , would n't they ? but I ca n't see how they could have track you to Tottenham Court Road , that be worry , really worry . " he look disturb , but as far as Harry be concern , that question could wait . " tell us what happen after we leave , we have n't hear a thing since Ron 's dad tell us the family be safe . " " well , Kingsley save us , " say Lupin . " thanks to his warn most of the wedding guest be able to Disapparate before they arrive . " " be they Death Eaters or Ministry people ? " interject Hermione . " a mixture ; but to all intent and purpose they be the same thing now , " say Lupin . " there be about a dozen of them , but they do n't know you be there , Harry . Arthur hear a rumor that they try to torture your whereabouts out of Scrimgeour before they kill him ; if it be true , he do n't give you away . " Harry look at Ron and Hermione ; their expression reflect the mingle shock and gratitude he feel . he have never like Scrimgeour much , but if what Lupin say be true , the man 's final act have be to try to protect Harry . " the Death Eaters search the Burrow from top to bottom , " Lupin go on . " they find the ghoul , but do n't want to get too close - and then they interrogate those of us who remain for hour . they be try to get information on you , Harry , but of course nobody apart from the Order know that you have be there . " at the same time that they be smash up the wedding , more death eater be force their way into every Order-connected house in the country . no death , " he add quickly , forestall the question , " but they be rough . they burn down Dedalus Diggle 's house , but as you know he be n't there , and they use the Cruciarus Curse on Tonks 's family . again , try to find out where you go after you visit them . they be all right - shake , obviously , but otherwise okay . " " the Death Eaters get through all those protective charm ? " Harry ask , remember how effective these have be on the night he have crash in Tonks 's parent ' garden . " what you have get to realize , Harry , be that the death eater have get the full might of the Ministry on their side now , " say Lupin . " they have get the power to perform brutal spell without fear of identification or arrest . they manage to penetrate every defensive spell we will cast against them , and once inside , they be completely open about why they will come . " " and be they bother to give an excuse for torture Harry 's whereabouts out of people ? " ask Hermione , an edge to her voice . " well , " Lupin say . he hesitate , then pull out a fold copy of the Daily Prophet . " here , " he say , push it across the table to Harry , " you will know sooner or later anyway . that be their pretext for go after you . " Harry smooth out the paper . a huge photograph of his own face fill the front page . he read the headline over it : want for QUESTIONING ABOUT THE Death of Albus DUMBLEDORE Ron and Hermione give roar of outrage , but Harry say nothing . he push the newspaper away ; he do not want to read anymore : he know what it would say . nobody but those who have be on top of the tower when Dumbledore die know who have really kill him and , as Rita Skeeter have already tell the Wizarding world , Harry have be see run from the place moment after Dumbledore have fall . " I be sorry , Harry , " Lupin say . " so death eater have take over the Daily Prophet too ? " ask Hermione furiously . lupin nod . " but surely people realize what be go on ? " " the coup have be smooth and virtually silent , " say Lupin . " the official version of Scrimgeour 's murder be that he resign ; he have be replace by Pius Thicknesse , who be under the Imperius Curse . " " why do n't Voldemort declare himself Minister of Magic ? " ask Ron . lupin laugh . " he do n't need to , Ron . effectively , he be the Minister , but why should he sit behind a desk at the Ministry ? his puppet , Thicknesse , be take care of everyday business , leave Voldemort free to extend his power beyond the Ministry . " naturally many people have deduce what have happen : there have be such a dramatic change in Ministry policy in the last few day , and many be whisper that Voldemort must be behind it . however , that be the point : they whisper . they dare n't confide in each other , not know whom to trust ; they be scare to speak out , in case their suspicion be true and their family be target . yes , Voldemort be play a very clever game . declare himself might have provoke open rebellion : remain mask have create confusion , uncertainty , and fear . " " and this dramatic change in Ministry policy , " say Harry , " involve warn the Wizarding world against me instead of Voldemort ? " " that be certainly a part of it , " say Lupin , " and it be a masterstroke . now that Dumbledore be dead , you - the Boy who Lived - be sure to be the symbol and rally point for any resistance to Voldemort . but by suggest that you have a hand in the old hat 's death , Voldemort have not only set a price upon your head , but sow doubt and fear amongst many who would have defend you . " meanwhile , the Ministry have start move against Muggle-borns . " lupin point at the Daily Prophet . " look at page two . " Hermione turn the page with much the same expression of distaste she have when handle secret of the Darkest Art . " Muggle-born Register ! " she read aloud . " ' the Ministry of Magic be undertake a survey of so-called " Muggle-borns " the well to understand how they come to possess magical secret . " ' Recent research undertake by the Department of Mysteries reveal that magic can only be pass from person to person when wizard reproduce . where no proven Wizarding ancestry exist , therefore , the so-called Muggle-born be likely to have obtain magical power by theft or force . " ' the Ministry be determine to root out such usurper of magical power , and to this end have issue an invitation to every so-called Muggle-born to present themselves for interview by the newly appoint Muggle-born Registration Commission . ' " " people wo n't let this happen , " say Ron . " it be happen , Ron , " say Lupin . " Muggle-borns be be round up as we speak . " " but how be they suppose to have ' steal ' magic ? " say Ron . " it be mental , if you could steal magic there would n't be any Squibs , would there ? " " I know , " say Lupin . " nevertheless , unless you can prove that you have at least one close Wizarding relative , you be now deem to have obtain your magical power illegally and must suffer the punishment . " Ron glance at Hermione , then say , " what if purebloods and halfblood swear a Muggle-born 's part of their family ? I will tell everyone Hermione be my cousin - " Hermione cover Ron 's hand with hers and squeeze it . " thank you , Ron , but I could n't let you - " " you wo n't have a choice , " say Ron fiercely , grip her hand back . " I will teach you my family tree so you can answer question on it . " Hermione give a shaky laugh . " Ron , as we be on the run with Harry Potter , the most wanted person in the country , I do n't think it matter . if I be go back to school it would be different . what be Voldemort planning for Hogwarts ? " she ask Lupin . " attendance be now compulsory for every young witch and wizard , " he reply . " that be announce yesterday . it be a change , because it be never obligatory before . of course , nearly every witch and wizard in Britain have be educate at Hogwarts , but their parent have the right to teach them at home or send them abroad if they prefer . this way , Voldemort will have the whole Wizarding population under his eye from a young age . and it be also another way of weed out Muggle-borns , because student must be give Blood Status - mean that they have prove to the Ministry that they be of Wizard descent - before they be allow to attend . " Harry feel sicken and angry : at this moment , excited eleven-year-olds would be pore over stack of newly purchase spell-books , unaware that they would never see Hogwarts , perhaps never see their family again either . " it be . . . it be . . . " he mutter , struggle to find word that do justice to the horror of his thought , but Lupin say quietly , " I know . " lupin hesitate . I will understand if you ca n't confirm this , Harry , but the order be under the impression that Dumbledore leave you a mission . " " he do , " Harry reply , " and Ron and Hermione be in on it and they be come with me . " " can you confide in me what the mission be ? " Harry look into the prematurely line face , frame in thick but gray hair , and wish that he could return a different answer . " I ca n't , Remus , I be sorry . if Dumbledore do n't tell you I do n't think I can . " " I think you will say that , " say Lupin , look disappoint . " but I might still be of some use to you . you know what I be and what I can do . I could come with you to provide protection . there would be no need to tell me exactly what you be up to . " Harry hesitate . it be a very tempting offer , though how they would be able to keep their mission secret from Lupin if he be with them all the time he could not imagine . Hermione , however , look puzzle . " but what about Tonks ? " she ask . " what about her ? " say Lupin . " well , " say Hermione , frown , " you be marry ! how do she feel about you go away with us ? " " tonk will be perfectly safe , " say Lupin , " she will be at her parent ' house . " there be something strange in Lupin 's tone , it be almost cold . there be also something odd in the idea of Tonks remain hidden at her parent ' house ; she be , after all , a member of the order and , as far as Harry know , be likely to want to be in the thick of the action . " Remus , " say Hermione tentatively , " be everything all right . . . you know . . . between you and - " " Everything be fine , thank you , " say Lupin pointedly . Hermione turn pink . there be another pause , an awkward and embarrassed one , and then Lupin say , with an air of force himself to admit something unpleasant , " Tonks be go to have a baby . " " oh , how wonderful ! " squeal Hermione . " excellent ! " say Ron enthusiastically . " congratulation , " say Harry . lupin give an artificial smile that be more like a grimace , then say , " so . . . do you accept my offer ? will three become four ? I can believe that Dumbledore would have disapprove , he appoint me your defense against the Dark Arts teacher , after all . and I must tell you that I believe we be face magic many of us have never encounter or imagine . " Ron and Hermione both look at Harry . " just - just to be clear , " he say . " you want to leave Tonks at her parent ' house and come away with us ? " " she will be perfectly safe there , they will look after her , " say Lupin . he speak with a finality border on indifference : " Harry , I be sure James would have want me to stick with you . " " well , " say Harry slowly , " I be not . I be pretty sure my father would have want to know why you be n't stick with your own kid , actually . " lupin 's face drain of color . the temperature in the kitchen might have drop ten degree . Ron stare around the room as though he have be bid to memorize it , while Hermione 's eye swivel backward and forward from Harry to Lupin . " you do n't understand , " say Lupin at last . " explain , then , " say Harry . lupin swallow . " I - I make a grave mistake in marry Tonks . I do it against my good judgment and have regret it very much every since . " " I see , " say Harry , " so you be just go to dump her and the kid and run off with us ? " lupin spring to his foot : his chair topple over backward , and he glare at them so fiercely that Harry see , for the first time ever , she shadow of the wolf upon his human face . " do n't you understand what I have do to my wife and my unborn child ? I should never have marry her , I have make her an outcast ! " lupin kick aside the chair he have overturn . " you have only ever see me amongst the order , or under Dumbledore 's protection at Hogwarts ! you do n't know how most of the Wizarding world see creature like me ! when they know of my affliction , they can barely talk to me ! do n't you see what I have do ? even her own family be disgust by our marriage , what parent want their only daughter to marry a werewolf ? and the child - the child - " Lupin actually seize handful of his own hair ; he look quite derange . " my kind do n't usually breed ! it will be like me , I be convince of it - how can I forgive myself , when I knowingly risk pass on my own condition to an innocent child ? and if , by some miracle , it be not like me , then it will be well off , a hundred time so , without a father of whom it must always be ashamed ! " " Remus ! " whisper Hermione , tear in her eye . " do n't say that - how could any child be ashamed of you ? " " oh , I do n't know , Hermione , " say Harry . " I will be pretty ashamed of him . " Harry do not know where his rage be come from , but it have propel him to his foot too . lupin look as though Harry have hit him . " if the new regime think Muggle-borns be bad , " Harry say , " what will they do to a half-werewolf whose father be in the order ? my father die try to protect my mother and me , and you reckon he will tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with us ? " " how - how dare you ? " say Lupin . " this be not about a desire for - for danger or personal glory - how dare you suggest such a - " " I think you be feel a bit of a daredevil , " Harry say , " you fancy step into Sirius 's shoe - " " Harry , no ! " Hermione beg him , but he continue to glare into Lupin 's livid face . " I will never have believe this , " Harry say . " the man who teach me to fight dementors - a coward . " lupin draw his wand so fast that Harry have barely reach for his own ; there be a loud bang and he feel himself fly backward as if punch ; as he slam into the kitchen wall and slide to the floor , he glimpse the tail of Lupin 's cloak disappear around the door . " Remus , Remus , come back ! " Hermione cry , but Lupin do not respond . a moment later they hear the front door slam . " Harry ! " wail Hermione . " how could you ? " " it be easy , " say Harry . he stand up , he could feel a lump swelling where his head have hit the wall . he be still so full of anger he be shake . " do n't look at me like that ! " he snap at Hermione . " do n't you start on her ! " snarl Ron . " no - no - we must n't fight ! " say Hermione , launch herself between them . " you should n't have say that stuff to Lupin , " Ron tell Harry . " he have it come to him , " say Harry . break image be race each other through his mind : Sirius fall through the veil ; Dumbledore suspend , break , in midair ; a flash of green light and his mother 's voice , beg for mercy . . . " parent , " say Harry , " should n't leave their kid unless - unless they have get to . " " Harry - " say Hermione , stretch out a console hand , but he shrug it off and walk away , his eye on the fire Hermione have conjure . he have once speak to Lupin out of that fireplace , seek reassurance about James , and Lupin have console him . now Lupin 's tortured white face seem to swim in the air before him . he feel a sickening surge of remorse . neither Ron nor Hermione speak , but Harry feel sure that they be look at each other behind his back , communicate silently . he turn around and catch them turn hurriedly away form each other . " I know I should n't have call him a coward . " " no , you should n't , " say Ron at once . " but he be act like one . " " all the same . . . " say Hermione . " I know , " say Harry . " but if it make him go back to Tonks , it will be worth it , wo n't it ? " he could not keep the plea out of his voice . Hermione look sympathetic , Ron uncertain . Harry look down at his foot , think of his father . would James have back Harry in what he have say to Lupin , or would he have be angry at how his son have treat his old friend ? the silent kitchen seem to hum with the shock of the recent scene and with Ron and Hermione 's unspoken reproach . the Daily Prophet Lupin have bring be still lie on the table , Harry 's own face stare up at the ceiling from the front page . he walk over to it and sit down , open the paper at random , and pretend to read . he could not take in the word ; his mind be still too full of the encounter with Lupin . he be sure that Ron and Hermione have resume their silent communication on the other side of the Prophet . he turn a page loudly , and Dumbledore 's name leap out at him . it be a moment or two before he take in the meaning of the photograph , which show a family group . beneath the photograph be the word : the Dumbledore family , leave to right : Albus ; Percival , hold newborn Ariana ; Kendra , and Aberforth . his attention catch , Harry examine the picture more carefully . Dumbledore 's father , Percival , be a good-looking man with eye that seem to twinkle even in this fade old photograph . the baby , Ariana , be a little longer than a loaf of bread and no more distinctive-looking . the mother , Kendra , have jet black hair pull into a high bun . her face have a carve quality about it . Harry think of photo of native Americans he have see as he study her dark eye , high cheekbone , and straight nose , formally compose above a high-necked silk gown . Albus and Aberforth wear match lacy collar jacket and have identical , shoulder-length hairstyle . Albus look several year old , but otherwise the two boy look very alike , for this be before Albus 's nose have be break and before he start wear glass . the family look quite happy and normal , smile serenely up out of the newspaper . Baby Ariana 's arm wave vaguely out of her shawl . Harry look above the picture and see the headline : exclusive EXTRACT From UPCOMING BIOGRAPHY of Albus DUMBLEDORE by Rita Skeeter Thinking it could hardly make him feel any bad than he already do , Harry begin to read : proud and haughty , Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remain in Mould-on-theWold after her husband Percival 's well-publicize arrest and imprisonment in Azkaban . she therefore decide to uproot the family and relocate to Godric 's Hollow , the village that be late to gain fame as the scene of Harry Potter 's strange escape from You-Know-Who . like Mould-on-the-Wold , Godric 's Hollow be home to a number of Wizarding family , but as Kendra know none of them , she would be spare the curiosity about her husband 's crime she have face in her former village . by repeatedly rebuff the friendly advance of her new Wizarding neighbor , she soon ensure that her family be leave well alone . " slam the door in my face when I go around to welcome her with a batch of homemade Cauldron cake , " say Bathilda Bagshot . " the first year they be there I only ever see the two boy . would n't have know there be a daughter if I have n't be pick Plangentines by moonlight the winter after they move in , and see Kendra lead Ariana out into the back garden . walk her round the lawn once , keep a firm grip on her , then take her back inside . do n't know what to make of it . " it seem that Kendra think the move to Godric 's Hollow be the perfect opportunity to hide Ariana once and for all , something she have probably be plan for year . the timing be significant . Ariana be barely seven year old when she vanish from sight , and seven be the age by which most expert agree that magic will have reveal itself , if present . nobody now alive remember Ariana ever demonstrate even the slight sign of magical ability . it seem clear , therefore , that Kendra make a decision to hide her daughter 's existence rather than suffer the shame of admit that she have produce a Squib . move away from the friend and neighbor who know Ariana would , of course , make imprison her all the easy . the tiny number of people who henceforth know of Ariana 's existence could be count upon to keep the secret , include her two brother , who have deflect awkward question with the answer their mother have teach them . " my sister be too frail for school . " next week : Albus Dumbledore at Hogwarts - the Prizes and the pretense . Harry have be wrong : what he have read have indeed make him feel bad . he look back at the photograph of the apparently happy family . be it true ? how could he find out ? he want to go to Godric 's Hollow , even if Bathilda be in no fit state to talk to him : he want to visit the place where he and Dumbledore have both lost love one . he be in the process of lower the newspaper , to ask Ron 's and Hermione 's opinion , when a deafen crack echo around the kitchen . for the first time in three day Harry have forget all about Kreacher . his immediate thought be that Lupin have burst back into the room , and for a split second , he do not take in the mass of struggle limb that have appear out of thin air right beside his chair . he hurry to his foot as Kreacher disentangle himself and , bow low to Harry , croak , " Kreacher have return with the thief Mundungus Fletcher , Master . " Mundungus scramble up and pull out his wand ; Hermione , however , be too quick for him . " Expelliarmus ! " Mundungus 's wand soar into the air , and Hermione catch it . wild-eyed , Mundungus dive for the stair . Ron rugby-tackled him and Mundungus hit the stone floor with a muffle crunch . " what ? " he bellow , writhe in his attempt to free himself from Ron 's grip . " Wha have I do ? set a bleedin ' ' house-elf on me , what be you play at , wha have I do , lemme go , lemme go , of - " " you be not in much of a position to make threat , " say Harry . he throw aside the newspaper , cross the kitchen in a few stride , and drop to his knee beside Mundungus , who stop struggle and look terrify . Ron get up , pant , and watch as Harry point his wand deliberately at Mundungus 's nose . Mundungus stink of stale sweat and tobacco smoke . his hair be mat and his robe stain . " Kreacher apologize for the delay in bring the thief , Master , " croak the elf . " Fletcher know how to avoid capture , have many hidey-hole and accomplice . nevertheless , Kreacher corner the thief in the end . " " you have do really well , Kreacher , " say Harry , and the elf bow low . " right , we have get a few question for you , " Harry tell Mundungus , who shout at once . " I panick , okay ? I never want to come along , no offense , mate , but I never volunteer to die for you , an ' that be bleedin ' You-Know-Who come fly at me , anyone woulda get outta there . I say all along I do n't wanna do it - " " for your information , none of the rest of us Disapparated , " say Hermione . " well , you be a bunch of bleedin ' ' eroes then , be n't you , but I never pretend I be up for kill meself - " " we be not interested in why you run out on Mad-Eye , " say Harry , move his wand a little close to Mundungus 's baggy , bloodshot eye . " we already know you be an unreliable bit of scum . " " well then , why the ' ell be I being ' unted down by ' ouse-elves ? or be this about them goblet again ? I ai n't got none of ' em leave , or you could ' ave ' em - " " it be not about the goblet either , although you be get warm , " say Harry . " shut up and listen . " it feel wonderful to have something to do , someone of whom he could demand some small portion of truth . Harry 's wand be now so close to the bridge of Mundungus 's nose that Mundungus have go cross-eyed try to keep it in view . " when you clean out this house of anything valuable , " Harry begin , but Mundungus interrupt him again . " Sirius never care about any of the junk - " there be the sound of patter fee , a blaze of shine copper , an echo clang , and a shriek of agony ; Kreacher have take a run at Mundungus and hit him over the head with a saucepan . " call ' im off , call ' im off , ' e should be lock up ! " scream Mundungus , cower as Kreacher raise the heavy-bottomed pan again . " Kreacher , no ! " shout Harry . Kreacher 's thin arm tremble with the weight of the pan , still hold aloft . " perhaps just one more , Master Harry , for luck ? " Ron laugh . " we need him conscious , Kreacher , but if he need persuade , you can do the honors , " say Harry . " thank you very much , Master , " say Kreacher with a bow , and he retreat a short distance , his great pale eye still fix upon Mundungus with loathing . " when you strip this house of all the valuable you could find , " Harry begin again , " you take a bunch of stuff from the kitchen cupboard . there be a locket there . " Harry 's mouth be suddenly dry : he could sense Ron and Hermione 's tension and excitement too . " what do you do with it ? " " why ? " ask Mundungus . " be it valuable ? " " you have still get it ! " cry Hermione . " no , he have n't , " say Ron shrewdly . " he be wonder whether he should have ask more money for it . " " more ? " say Mundungus . " that would n't have be eff difficult . . .bleedin ' give it away , di'n ' I ? no choice . " " what do you mean ? " " I be sell in Diagon Alley and she come up to me and ask if I have get a license for trading in magical artifact . Bleedin ' snoop . she be gonna fine me , but she take a fancy to the locket an ' tell me she will take it and let me off that time , and to fink meself lucky . " " who be this woman ? " ask Harry . " I dunno , some Ministry hag . " Mundungus consider for a moment , brow wrinkle . " little woman . bow on top of ' er head . " he frown and then add , " Looked like a toad . " Harry drop his wand : it hit Mundungus on the nose and shoot red spark into his eyebrow , which ignite . " Aquamenti ! " scream Hermione , and a jet of water stream from her wand , engulf a splutter and choke Mundungus . Harry look up and see his own shock reflect in Ron 's and Hermione 's face . the scar on the back of his right hand seem to be tingle again . Chapter Twelve Magic be Might as August wear on , the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place shrivel in the sun until it be brittle and brown . the inhabitant of number twelve be never see by anyone in the surround house , and nor be number twelve itself . the muggles who live in Grimmauld Place have long since accept the amusing mistake in the number that have cause number eleven to sit beside number thirteen . and yet the square be now attract a trickle of visitor who seem to find the anomaly most intriguing . barely a day pass without one or two people arrive in Grimmauld Place with no other purpose , or so it seem , than to lean against the railing face number eleven and thirteen , watch the join between the two house . the lurker be never the same two day run , although they all seem to share a dislike for normal clothing . most of the Londoner who pass them be use to eccentric dresser and take little notice , though occasionally one of them might glance back , wonder why anyone would wear cloak in this heat . the watcher seem to be glean little satisfaction from their vigil . occasionally one of them start forward excitedly , as if they have see something interesting at last , only to fall back look disappointed . on the first day of September there be more people lurk in the square than ever before . half a dozen man in long cloak stand silent and watchful , gaze as ever at house eleven and thirteen , but the thing for which they be wait still appear elusive . as evening draw in , bring with it an unexpected gust of chilly rain for the first time in week , there occur one of those inexplicable moment when they appear to have see something interesting . the man with the twisted face point and his close companion , a podgy , pallid man , start forward , but a moment later they have relax into their previous state of inactivity , look frustrated and disappointed . meanwhile , inside number twelve , Harry have just enter the hall . he have nearly lose his balance as he Apparated onto the top step just outside the front door , and think that the Death Eaters might have catch a glimpse of his momentarily expose elbow . shut the front door carefully behind him , he pull off the Invisibility Cloak , drape it over his arm , and hurry along the gloomy hallway toward the door that lead to the basement , a stolen copy of the Daily Prophet clutch in his hand . the usual low whisper of " Severus Snape " greet him , the chill wind sweep him , and his tongue roll up for a moment . " I do n't kill you , " he say , once it have unroll , then hold his breath as the dusty jinx-figure explode . he wait until he be halfway down the stair to the kitchen , out of earshot of Mrs. Black and clear of the dust cloud , before call , " I have get news , and you wo n't like it . " the kitchen be almost unrecognizable . every surface now shine ; copper pot and pan have be burnish to a rosy glow ; the wooden tabletop gleam ; the goblet and plate already lay for dinner glint in the light from a merrily blaze fire , on which a cauldron be simmer . nothing in the room , however , be more dramatically different than the house-elf who now come hurry toward Harry , dress in a snowywhite towel , his ear hair as clean and fluffy as cotton wool , Regulus 's locket bounce on his thin chest . " shoe off , if you please , Master Harry , and hand wash before dinner , " croak Kreacher , seize the Invisibility Cloak and slouch off to hang it on a hook on the wall , beside a number of old-fashioned robe that have be freshly launder . " what be happen ? " Ron ask apprehensively . he be Hermione have be pour over a sheaf of scribble note and hand draw map that litter the end of the long kitchen table , but now they watch Harry as he stride toward them and throw down the newspaper on top of their scattered parchment . a large picture of a familiar , hook-nosed , black-haired man stare up at them all , beneath a headline that read : SEVERUS Snape CONFIRMED AS HOGWARTS HEADMASTER " no ! " say Ron and Hermione loudly . Hermione be quick ; she snatch up the newspaper and begin to read the accompanying story out loud . " Severus Snape , long-standing potion master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and wizardry , be today appoint headmaster in the most important of several staffing change at the ancient school . follow the resignation of the previous Muggle Studies teacher , Alecto Carrow will take over the post while her brother , Amycus , fill the position of Defense against the Dark Arts professor . " " ' I welcome the opportunity to uphold our fine Wizarding tradition and value - ' like commit murder and cut off people 's ear , I suppose ! Snape , headmaster ! Snape in Dumbledore 's study - Merlin 's pant ! " she shriek , make both Harry and Ron jump . she leap up from the table and hurtle from the room , shout as she go , " I will be back in a minute ! " " ' Merlin 's pant ' ? " repeat Ron , look amuse . " she must be upset . " he pull the newspaper toward him and peruse the article about Snape . " the other teacher wo n't stand for this , McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout all know the truth , they know how Dumbledore die . they wo n't accept Snape as headmaster . and who be these Carrows ? " " death eater , " say Harry . " there be picture of them inside . they be at the top of the tower when Snape kill Dumbledore , so it be all friend together . and , " Harry go on bitterly , draw up a chair , " I ca n't see that the other teacher have get any choice but to stay . if the Ministry and Voldemort be behind Snape it will be a choice between stay and teach , or a nice few year in Azkaban - and that be if they be lucky . I reckon they will stay to try and protect the student . " Kreacher come bustle to the table with a large curcen in his hand , and ladle out soup into pristine bowl , whistle between his tooth as he do so . " thanks , Kreacher , " say Harry , flip over the Prophet so as not to have to look at Snape 's face . " well , at least we know exactly where Snape be now . " he begin to spoon soup into his mouth . the quality of Kreacher 's cooking have improve dramatically ever since he have be give Regulus 's locket : Today 's French onion be as good as Harry have ever taste . " there be still a load of Death Eaters watch this house , " he tell Ron as he eat , " more than usual . it be like they be hope we will march out carry our school trunk and head off for the Hogwarts Express . " Ron glance at his watch . " I have be think about that all day . it leave nearly six hour ago . weird , not be on it , be n't it ? " in his mind 's eye Harry seem to see the scarlet steam engine as he and Ron have once follow it by air , shimmer between field and hill , a ripple scarlet caterpillar . he be sure Ginny , Neville , and Luna be sit together at this moment , perhaps wonder where he , Ron , and Hermione be , or debate how good to undermine Snape 's new regime . " they nearly see me come back in just now , " Harry say , " I land badly on the top step , and the Cloak slip . " " I do that every time . oh , here she be , " Ron add , crane around in his seat to watch Hermione reenter the kitchen . " and what in the name of Merlin 's most baggy Y Fronts be that about ? " " I remember this , " Hermione pant . she be carry a large , frame picture , which she now lower to the floor before seize her small , bead bag from the kitchen sideboard . open it , she proceed to force the painting inside and despite the fact that it be patently too large to fit inside the tiny bag , within a few second it have vanish , like so much ease , into the bag 's capacious depth . " Phineas Nigellus , " Hermione explain as she throw the bag onto the kitchen table with the usual sonorous , clank crash . " sorry ? " say Ron , but Harry understand . the painted image of Phineas Nigellus Black be able to travel between his portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one that hang in the headmaster 's office at Hogwarts : the circular cower-top room where Snape be no doubt sit right now , in triumphant possession of Dumbledore 's collection of delicate , silver magical instrument , the stone Pensieve , the Sorting Hat and , unless it ad be move elsewhere , the sword of Gryffindor . " Snape could send Phineas Nigellus to look inside this house for him , " Hermione explain to Ron as she resume her seat . " but let him try it now , all Phineas Nigellus will be able to see be the inside of my handbag . " " good thinking ! " say Ron , look impress . " thank you , " smile Hermione , pull her soup toward her . " so , Harry , what else happen today ? " " nothing , " say Harry . " watch the Ministry entrance for seven hour . no sign of her . see your dad though , Ron . he look fine . " Ron nod his appreciation of this news . the have agree that it be far too dangerous to try and communicate with Mr. Weasley while he walk in and out of the Ministry , because he be always surround by other Ministry worker . it be , however , reassure to catch these glimpse of him , even if he do look very strained and anxious . " Dad always tell us most Ministry people use the Floo Network to get to work , " Ron say . " that be why we have n't see Umbridge , she will never walk , she will think she be too important . " " and what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robe ? " Hermione ask . " oh yeah , the bloke from Magical Maintenance , " say Ron . " how do you know he work for Magical Maintenance ? " Hermione ask , her soupspoon suspend in midair . " Dad say everyone from Magical Maintenance wear navy blue robe . " " but you never tell us that ! " Hermione drop her spoon and pull toward her the sheaf of note and map that she and Ron have be examine when Harry have enter the kitchen . " there be nothing in here about navy blue robe , nothing ! " she say , flip feverishly through the page . " well , die it really matter ? " " Ron , it matter ! if we be go to get into the Ministry and not give ourselves away when they be bind to be on the lookout for intruder , every little detail matter ! we have be over and over this , I mean , what be the point of all these reconnaissance trip if you be n't even bother to tell us - " " Blimey , Hermione , I forget one little thing - " " you do realize , do n't you , that there be probably no more dangerous place in the whole world for us to be right now than the Ministry of - " " I think we should do it tomorrow , " say Harry . Hermione stop dead , her jaw hanging ; Ron choke a little over his soup . " tomorrow ? " repeat Hermione . " you be n't serious , Harry ? " " I be , " say Harry . " I do n't think we be go to be much well prepared than we be now even if we skulk around the Ministry entrance for another month . the longer we put it off , the farther away that locket could be . there be already a good chance Umbridge have chuck it away ; the thing do n't open . " " unless , " say Ron , " she be find a way of open it and she be now possess . " " would n't make any difference to her , she be so evil in the first place , " Harry shrug . Hermione be bite her lip , deep in thought . " we know everything important , " Harry go on , address Hermione . " we know they have stop apparition in and out of the Ministry ; we know only the most senior Ministry member be allow to connect their home to the Floo Network now , because Ron hear those two Unspeakables complain about it . and we know roughly where Umbridge 's office be , because of what you hear the bearded bloke say to his mate - " " ' I will be up on level one , Dolores want to see me , ' " Hermione recite immediately . " exactly , " say Harry . " and we know you get in use those funny coin , or token , or whatever they be , because I see that witch borrow one from her friend - " " but we have n't get any ! " " if the plan work , we will have , " Harry continue calmly . " I do n't know , Harry , I do n't know … there be an awful lot of thing that could go wrong , so much rely on chance … " that will be true even if we spend another three month prepare , " say Harry . " it be time to act . " he could tell from Ron 's and Hermione 's face that they be scare ; he be not particularly confident himself , and yet he be sure the time have come to put their plan into operation . they have spend the previous four week take it in turn to don the Invisibility Cloak and spy on the official entrance to the Ministry , which Ron , thanks to Mr. Weasley , have know since childhood . they have tail Ministry worker on their way in , eavesdrop on their conversation , and learn by careful observation which of them could be rely upon to appear , alone , at the same time every day . occasionally there have be a chance to sneak a Daily Prophet out of somebody 's briefcase . slowly they have build up the sketchy map and note now stack in front of Hermione . " all right , " say Ron slowly , " let be say we go for it tomorrow … I think it should just be me and Harry . " " oh , do n't start that again ! " sigh Hermione . " I think we have settle this . " " it be one thing hang around the entrance under the Cloak , but this be different . Hermione , " Ron jab a finger at a copy of the Daily Prophet date ten day previously . " you be on the list of Muggle-borns who do n't present themselves for interrogation ! " " and you be suppose to be die of spattergroit at the Burrow ! if anyone should n't go , it be Harry , he have get a ten-thousand-Galleon price on his head - " " Fine , I will stay here , " say Harry . " let me know if you ever defeat Voldemort , wo n't you ? " as Ron and Hermione laugh , pain shot through the scar on Harry 's forehead . his hand jump to it . he see Hermione 's eye narrow , and he try to pass off the movement by brush his hair out of his eye . " well , if all three of us go we will have to Disapparate separately , " Ron be say . " we ca n't all fit under the Cloak anymore . " Harry 's scar be become more and more painful . he stand up . at once , Kreacher hurry forward . " master have not finish his soup , would master prefer the savory stew , or else the treacle tart to which Master be so partial ? " " thanks , Kreacher , but I will be back in a minute - er - bathroom . " aware that Hermione be watch him suspiciously , Harry hurry up the stair to the hall and then to the first landing , where he dash into the bathroom and bolt the door again . grunt with pain , he slump over the black basin with its tap in the form of open-mouthed serpent and close his eye … . he be glide along a twilit street . the building on either side of him have high , timbered gable ; they look like gingerbread house . he approach one of them , then see the whiteness of his own long-fingered hand against the door . he knock . he feel a mount excitement … the door open : a laughing woman stand there . her face fall as she look into Harry 's face : humor go , terror replace it … . " Gregorovitch ? " say a high , cold voice . she shake her head : she be try to close the door . a white hand hold it steady , prevent her shut him out … " I want Gregorovitch . " " er wohnt hier nicht Mehr ! " she cry , shake her head . " he no live here ! he no live here ! I know him not ! " abandon the attempt to close the door , she begin to back away down the dark hall , and Harry follow , glide toward her , and his long-fingered hand have draw his wand . " where be he ? " " Das weiff ich nicht ! he move ! I know not , I know not ! " he raise his hand . she scream . two young child come run into the hall . she try to shield them with her arm . there be a flash of green light - " Harry ! harry ! " he open his eye ; he have sink to the floor . Hermione be pound on the door again . " Harry , open up ! " he have shout out , he know it . he get up and unbolt the door ; Hermione topple inside at once , regain her balance , and look around suspiciously . Ron be right behind her , look unnerved as he point his wand into the corner of the chilly bathroom . " what be you do ? " ask Hermione sternly . " what d'you think I be do ? " ask Harry with feeble bravado . " you be yell your head off ! " say Ron . " oh yeah … I must have doze off or - " " Harry , please do n't insult our intelligence , " say Hermione , take deep breath . " we know your scar hurt downstairs , and you be white as a sheet . " Harry sit down on the edge of the bath . " fine . I have just see Voldemort murder a woman . by now he be probably kill her whole family . and he do n't need to . it be Cedric all over again , they be just there … " " Harry , you be n't suppose to let this happen anymore ! " Hermione cry , her voice echo through the bathroom . " Dumbledore want you to use Occlumency ! he think the connection be dangerous - Voldemort can use it , Harry ! what good be it to watch him kill and torture , how can it help ? " " because it mean I know what he be do , " say Harry . " so you be not even go to try to shut him out ? " " Hermione , I ca n't . you know I be lousy at Occlumency . I never get the hang of it . " " you never really try ! " she say hotly . " I do n't get it , Harry - do you like have this special connection or relationship or what - whatever - " she falter under the look he give her as he stand up . " like it ? " he say quietly . " would you like it ? " " I - no - I be sorry , Harry . I just do n't mean - " " I hate it , I hate the fact that he can get inside me , that I have to watch him when he 's most dangerous . but I be go to use it . " " Dumbledore - " " Forget Dumbledore . this be my choice , nobody else be . I want to know why he be after Gregorovitch . " " who ? " " he be a foreign wandmaker , " say Harry . " he make Krum 's wand and Krum reckon he be brilliant . " " but accord to you , " say Ron , " Voldemort 's get Ollivander lock up somewhere . if he be already get a wandmaker , what do he need another one for ? " " maybe he agree with Krum , maybe he think Gregorovitch be well … or else he think Gregorovitch will be able to explain what my wand do when he be chase me , because Ollivander do n't know . " Harry glance into the cracked , dusty mirror and see Ron and Hermione exchange skeptical look behind his back . " Harry , you keep talk about what your wand do , " say Hermione , " but you make it happen ! why be you so determine not to take responsibility for your own power ? " " because I know it be n't me ! and so do Voldemort , Hermione ! we both know what really happen ! " they glare at each other ; Harry know that he have not convince Hermione and that she be marshal counterargument , against both his theory on his wand and the fact that he be permit himself to see into Voldemort 's mind . to his relief , Ron intervene . " drop it , " he advise her . " it be up to him . and if we be go to the Ministry tomorrow , do n't you reckon we should go over the plan ? " reluctantly , as the other two could tell , Hermione let the matter rest , though Harry be quite sure she would attack again at the first opportunity . in the meantime , they return to the basement kitchen , where Kreacher serve them all stew and treacle tart . they do not get to bed until late that night , after spending hour go over and over their plan until they could recite it , word perfect , to each other . Harry , who be now sleep in Sirius 's room , lie in bed with his wandlight train on the old photograph of his father , Sirius , Lupin , and Pettigrew , and mutter the plan to himself for another ten minute . as he extinguish his wand , however , he be think not of Polyjuice Potion , Puking Pastilles , or the navy blue robe of Magical Maintenance ; he though of Gregorovitch the wandmaker , and how long he could hope to remain hidden while Voldemort seek him so determinedly . dawn seem to follow midnight with indecent haste . " you look terrible , " be Ron 's greeting as he enter the room to wake Harry . " not for long , " say Harry , yawn . they find Hermione downstairs in the kitchen . she be be serve coffee and hot roll by Kreacher and wear the slightly manic expression that Harry associate with exam review . " robe , " she say under her breath , acknowledge their presence with a nervous nod and continue to poke around in her bead bag , " Polyjuice Potion … Invisibiliity Cloak … Decoy Detonators … you should each take a couple just in case … Puking Pastilles , Nosebleed Norgat , extendable Ears … " they gulp down their breakfast , then set off upstairs , Kreacher bow them out and promise to have a steak-and-kidney pie ready for them when they return . " bless him , " say Ron fondly , " and when you think I use to fantasize about cut off his head and stick it on the wall . " they make their way onto the front step with immense caution . they could see a couple of puffy-eyed death eater watch the house from across the misty square . Hermione Disapparated with Ron first , then come back for Harry . after the usual brief spell of darkness and near suffocation , Harry find himself in the tiny alleyway where the first phase of their plan be schedule to take place . it be as yet desert , except for a couple of large bin ; the first Ministry worker do not usually appear here until at least eight o'clock . " right then , " say Hermione , check her watch . " she ought to be here in about five minute . when I have stun her - " " Hermione , we know , " say Ron sternly . " and I think we be suppose to open the door before she get here ? " Hermione squeal . " I nearly forget ! stand back - " she point her wand at the padlock and heavily graffitied fire door beside them , which burst open with a crash . the dark corridor behind it lead , as they know from their careful scout trip , into an empty theater . Hermione pull the door back toward her , to make it look as think it be still close . " and now , " she say , turn , back to face the other two in the alleyway , " we put on the Cloak again - " " - and we wait , " Ron finish , throw it over Hermione 's head like a blanket over a birdcage and roll his eye at Harry . little more than a minute later , there be a tiny pop and a little Ministry witch with flyaway gray hair Apparated foot from them , blink a little in the sudden brightness : the sun have just come out from behind a cloud . she barely have time to enjoy the unexpected warmth , however , before Hermione 's silent Stunning Spell hit her in the chest and she topple over . " nicely do , Hermione , " say Ron , emerge behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry take off the Invisibility Cloak . together they carry the little witch into the dark passageway that lead backstage . Hermione pluck a few hair from the witch 's head and add them to a flask of muddy Polyjuice Potion she have take from the bead bag . Ron be rummage through the little witch 's handbag . " she be Mafalda Hopkirk , " he say , read a small card that identify their victim as an assistant in the Improper Use of Magic Office . " you will well take this , Hermione , and here be the token . " he pass her several small golden coin , all emboss with the letter M.O.M. , which he have take from the witch 's purse . Hermione drink the Polyjuice Potion , which be now a pleasant heliotrope color , and within second stand before them , the double of Mafalda Hopkirk . as she remove Mafalda 's spectacle and put them on , Harry check his watch . " we be run late , Mr. Magical Maintenance will be here any second . " they hurry to close the door on the real Mafalda ; Harry and Ron throw the Invisibility Cloak over themselves but Hermione remain in view , wait . second later there be another pop , and a small , ferrety look wizard appear before them . " oh , hello , Mafalda . " " hello ! " say Hermione in a quavery voice , " how be you today ? " " not so good , actually , " reply the little wizard , who look thoroughly downcast . as Hermione and the wizard head for the main road , Harry and Ron creep along behind them . " I be sorry to hear you be under the weather , " say Hermione , talk firmly over the little wizard and he try to expound upon his problem ; it be essential to stop him from reach the street . " here , have a sweet . " " Eh ? oh , no thanks - " " I insist ! " say Hermione aggressively , shake the bag of pastille in his face . look rather alarm , the little wizard take one . the effect be instantaneous . the moment the pastille touch his tongue , the little wizard start vomit so hard that he do not even notice as Hermione yank a handful of hair from the top of his head . " oh dear ! " she say , as he splatter the alley with sick . " perhaps you will well take the day off ! " " no - no ! " he choke and retch , try to continue on his way despite be unable to walk straight . " I must - today - must go - " " but that be just silly ! " say Hermione , alarm . " you ca n't go to work in this state - I think you ought to go to St. Mungo 's and get them to sort you out . " the wizard have collapse , heave , onto all four , still try to crawl toward the main street . " you simply ca n't go to work like this ! " cry Hermione . at last he seem to accept the truth of her word . use a repose Hermione to claw his way back into a standing position , he turn on the spot and vanish , leave nothing behind but the bag Ron have snatch from his hand as he go and some fly chunk of vomit . " urgh , " say Hermione , hold up the skirt of her robe to avoid the puddle of sick . " it would have make much less mess to Stun him too . " " yeah , " say Ron , emerge from under the cloak hold the wizard 's bag , " but I still think a whole pile of unconscious body would have draw more attention . keen on his job , though , be n't he ? chuck us the hair and the potion , then . " within two minute , Ron stand before them , as small and ferrety as the sick wizard , and wear the navy blue robe that have be fold in his bag . " weird he be n't wear them today , be n't it , see how much he want to go ? anyway , I be Reg Cattermole , accord to the label in the back . " " now wait here , " Hermione tell Harry , who be still under the Invisibility Cloak , " and we will be back with some hair for you . " he have to wait ten minute , but it seem much longer to Harry , skulk alone in the sick-splattered alleyway beside the door conceal the stun Mafalda . finally Ron and Hermione reappear . " we do n't know who he be , " Hermione say , pass Harry several curly black hair , " but he be go home with a dreadful nosebleed ! here , he be pretty tall , you will need big robe … " she pull out a set of the old robe Kreacher have launder for them , and Harry retire to take the potion and change . once the painful transformation be complete he be more than six foot tall and , from what he could tell from his well-muscled arm , powerfully build . he also have a beard . stow the Invisibility Cloak and his glass inside his new robe , he rejoin the other two . " Blimey , that be scary , " say Ron , look up at Harry , who now towered over him . " take one of Mafalda 's token , " Hermione tell Harry , " and let be go , it be nearly nine . " they step out of the alleyway together . fifty yard along the crowded pavement there be spike black railing flank two flight of stair , one label GENTLEMEN , the other LADIES . " see you in a moment , then , " say Hermione nervously , and she totter off down the step to LADIES . Harry and Ron join a number of oddly dress man descend into what appear to be an ordinary underground public toilet , tile in grimy black and white . " morning , Reg ! " call another wizard in navy blue robe as he let himself into a cubicle by insert his golden token into a slot in the door . " bloom pain in the bum , this , eh ? force us all to get to work this way ! who be they expect to turn up , Harry Potter ? " the wizard roar with laughter at his own wit . Ron give a force chuckle . " yeah , " he say , " stupid , be n't it ? " and he and Harry let themselves into adjoining cubicle . to Harry 's left and right come the sound of flush . he crouch down and peer through the gap at the bottom of the cubicle , just in time to see a pair of booted foot climb into the toilet next door . he look left and see Ron blink at him . " we have to flush ourselves in ? " he whisper . " look like it , " Harry whisper back ; his voice come out deep and gravelly . they both stand up . feel exceptionally foolish , Harry clamber into the toilet . he know at once that he have do the right thing ; think he appear to be stand in water , his shoe , foot , and robe remain quite dry . he reach up , pull the chain , and next moment have zoom down a short chute , emerge out of a fireplace into the Ministry of Magic . he get up clumsily ; there be a lot more of his body than he be accustom to . the great atrium seem dark than Harry remember it . previously a golden fountain have fill the center of the hall , cast shimmer spot of light over the polished wooden floor and wall . now a gigantic statue of black stone dominate the scene . it be rather frightening , this vast sculpture of a witch and a wizard sit on ornately carve throne , look down at the Ministry worker topple out of fireplace below them . engrave in foot-high letter at the base of the statue be the word Magic be MIGHT . Harry receive a heavy blow on the back of the leg . another wizard have just flow out of the fireplace behind him . " out of the way , ca n't y - oh , sorry , Runcorn . " clearly frightened , the balding wizard hurry away . apparently the man who Harry be impersonate , Runcorn , be intimidating . " Psst ! " say a voice , and he look around to see a whispy little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance gesture to him from over beside the statue . Harry hasten to join them . " you get in all right , then ? " Hermione whisper to Harry . " no , he be still stick in the hog , " say Ron . " oh , very funny … it be horrible , be n't it ? " she say to Harry , who be stare up at the statue . " have you see what they be sit on ? " Harry look more closely and realize that what he have thought be decoratively carve throne be actually mound of carve human : hundred and hundred of naked body , man , woman , and child , all with rather stupid , ugly face , twist and press together to support the weight of the handsomely robe wizard . " Muggles , " whisper Hermione , " in their rightful place . come on , let be get go . " they join the stream of witch and wizard move toward the golden gate at the end of the hall , look around as surreptitiously as possible , but there be no sign of the distinctive figure of Dolores Umbridge . they pass through the gate and into a small hall , where queue be form in front of twenty golden grille housing as many lift . they have barely join the nearest one when a voice say , " Cattermole ! " they look around : Harry 's stomach turn over . one of the Death Eaters who have witness Dumbledore 's death be stride toward them . the Ministry worker beside them fall silent , their eye downcast ; Harry could feel fear ripple through them . the man be scowl , slightly brutish face be somehow at odd with his magnificent , sweeping robe , which be embroider with much gold thread . someone in the crowd around the lift call sycophantically , " Morning , Yaxley ! " Yaxley ignore them . " I request somebody from Magical Maintenance to sort out my office , Cattermole . it be still rain in there . " Ron look around as though hope somebody else would intervene , but nobody speak . " rain … in your office ? that be - that be not good , be it ? " Ron give a nervous laugh . Yaxley 's eye widen . " you think it be funny , Cattermole , do you ? " a pair of witch break away from the queue for the lift and bustle off . " no , " say Ron , " no , of course - " " you realize that I be on my way downstairs to interrogate your wife , Cattermole ? in fact , I be quite surprise you be not down there hold her hand while she wait . already give her up as a bad job , have you ? probably wise . be sure and marry a pureblood next time . " Hermione have let out a little squeak of horror . Yaxley look at her . she cough feebly and turn away . " I - I - " stammer Ron . " but if wife be accuse of be a Mudblood , " say Yaxley , " - not that any woman I marry would ever be mistake for such filth - and the Head of Department of Magical Law Enforcement need a job do , I would make it my priority to do this job , Cattermole . do you understand me ? " " yes , " whisper Ron . " then attend to it , Cattermole , and if my office be not completely dry within an hour , your wife 's Blood Status will be in even great doubt than it be now . " the golden grille before them clatter open . with a nod and unpleasant smile to Harry , who be evidently expect to appreciate this treatment of Cattermole , Yaxley sweep away toward another lift . Harry , Ron , and Hermione enter theirs , but nobody follow them : it be as if they be infectious . the grille shut with a clang and the lift begin to move upward . " what be I go to do ? " Ron ask the other two at once ; he look strike . " if I do n't turn up , my wife … I mean , Cattermole 's wife - " " we will come with you , we should stick together - " begin Harry , but Ron shake his head feverishly . " that be mental , we have n't get much time . you two find Umbridge , I will go and sort out Yaxley 's office - but how do I stop a rain ? " " try Finite Incantatem , " say Hermione at once , " that should stop the rain if it be a hex or curse ; if it do n't something be go wrong with an Atmospheric Charm , which will be more difficult to fix , so as an interim measure try Impervius to protect his belonging - " " say it again , slowly - " say Ron , search his pocket desperately for a quill , but at that moment the lift judder to a halt . a disembodied female voice say , " Level four , Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures , incorporate Beast , be , and Spirit Divisions , Goblin Liaison Office , and Pest Advisory Bureau , " and the grille slide open again , admit a couple of wizard and several pale violet paper airplane that flutter around the lamp in the ceiling of the lift . " morning , Albert , " say a bushily whiskered man , smile at Harry . he glance over at Ron and Hermione as the lift creak upward once more ; Hermione be now whisper frantic instruction to Ron . the wizard lean toward Harry , leer , and mutter " Dirk Cresswell , eh ? from Goblin Liaison ? nice one , Albert . I be pretty confident I will get his job now ! " he wink . Harry smile back , hope that this would suffice . the lift stop ; the grille open once more . " level two , Department of Magical Law Enforcement , include the Improper Use of Magic Office , Auror Headquarters , and Wizengamot Administration Services , " say the disembodied witch 's voice . Harry see Hermione give Ron a little push and he hurry out of the lift , follow by the other wizard , leave Harry and Hermione alone . the moment the golden door have close Hermione say , very fast , " actually , Harry , I think I will well go after him , I do n't think he know what he be do and if he get catch the whole thing - " " Level one , Minister of Magic and Support Staff . " the golden grille slide apart again and Hermione gasp . four people stand before them , two of them deep in conversation : a long-haired wizard wear magnificent robe of black and gold , and a squat , toadlike witch wear a velvet bow in her short hair and clutch a clipboard to her chest . Chapter Thirteen the Muggle-Born Registration Commission " ah , Mafalda ! " say Umbridge , look at Hermione . " Travers send you , do he ? " " Y-yes , " squeak Hermione . " God , you will do perfectly well . " Umbridge speak to the wizard in black and gold . " that be that problem solve . Minister , if Mafalda can be spare for record-keeping we shall be able to start straightaway . " she consult her clipboard . " ten people today and one of them the wife of a Ministry employee ! tut , tut … even here , in the heart of the Ministry ! " she step into the lift besides Hermione , as do the two wizard who have be listen to Umbridge 's conversation with the Minister . " we will go straight down , Mafalda , you will find everything you need in the courtroom . good morning , Albert , be n't you get out ? " " yes , of course , " say Harry in Runcorn 's deep voice . Harry step out of the life . the golden grille clang shut behind him . glance over his shoulder , Harry see Hermione 's anxious face sink back out of sight , a tall wizard on either side of her , Umbridge 's velvet hair-bow level with her shoulder . " what bring you here , Runcorn ? " ask the new Minister of Magic . his long black hair and beard be streak with silver and a great overhang forehead shadow his glint eye , put Harry in the mind of a crab look out from beneath a rock . " need a quick word with , " Harry hesitate for a fraction of a second , " Arthur Weasley . someone say he be up on level one . " " ah , " say Plum Thicknesse . " have he be catch have contact with an undesirable ? " " no , " say Harry , his throat dry . " no , nothing like that . " " ah , well . it be only a matter of time , " say Thicknesse . " if you ask me , the blood traitor be as bad as the Mudbloods . good day , Runcorn . " " good day , Minister . " Harry watch Thicknesse march away along the thickly carpet corridor . the moment the Minister have pass out of sight , Harry tug the Invisibility Cloak out from under his heavy black cloak , throw it over himself , and set off along the corridor in the opposite direction . Runcorn be so tall that Harry be force to stoop to make sure his big foot be hide . panic pulse in the pit of his stomach . as he pass gleam wooden door after gleam wooden door , each bearing a small plaque with the owner 's name and occupation upon it , the might of the Ministry , its complexity , its impenetrability , seem to force itself upon him so that the plan he have be carefully concoct with Ron and Hermione over the past four week seem laughably childish . they have concentrate all their effort on get inside without be detect : they have not give a moment be think to what they would do if they be force to separate . now Hermione be stick in court proceeding , which would undoubtedly last hour ; Ron be struggle to do magic that Harry be sure be beyond him , a woman 's liberty possibly depend on the outcome , and he , Harry , be wander around on the top floor when he know perfectly well that his quarry have just go down in the lift . he stop walk , lean against a wall , and try to decide what to do . the silence press upon him : there be no bustle or talk or swift footstep here the purple-carpeted corridor be as hush as though the Muffliato charm have be cast over the place . her office must be up here , Harry think . it seem most unlikely that Umbridge would keep her jewelry in her office , but on the other hand it seem foolish not to search it to make sure . he therefore set off along the corridor again , pass nobody but a frown wizard who be murmur instruction to a quill that float in front of him , scribble on a trail of parchment . now pay attention to the name on the door , Harry turn a corner . halfway along the next corridor he emerge into a wide , open space where a dozen witch and wizard sit in row at small desk not unlike school desk , though much more highly polished and free from graffito . Harry pause to watch them , for the effect be quite mesmerize . they be all wave and twiddle their wand in unison , and square of colored paper be fly in every direction like little pink kite . after a few second , Harry realize that there be a rhythm to the proceeding , that the paper all form the same pattern and after a few more second he realize what he be watch be the creation of pamphlet - that the paper square be page , which , when assemble , fold and magicked into place , fall into neat stack beside each witch or wizard . Harry creep closer , although the worker be so intent on what they be do that he doubt they would notice a carpet-muffled footstep , and he slide a complete pamphlet from the pile beside a young witch . he examine it beneath the Invisibility Cloak . its pink cover be emblazon with a golden title : Mudbloods and the danger they Pose to a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society Beneath the title be a picture of a red rise with a simper face in the middle of its petal , be strangle by a green weed with fang and a scowl . there be no author 's name upon the pamphlet , but again , the scar on the back of his right hand seem to tingle as he examine it . then the young witch beside him confirm his suspicion as she say , still wave and twirl her wand , " will the old hag be interrogate Mudbloods all day , do anyone know ? " " careful , " say the wizard beside her , glance around nervously ; one of his page slip and fall to the floor . " what , have she get magic ear as well as an eye , now ? " the witch glance toward the shine mahogany door face the space full of pamphlet-makers ; Harry look too , and the rage rear in him like a snake . where there might have be a peephole on a Muggle front door , a large , round eye with a bright blue iris have be set into the wood - an eye that be shockingly familiar to anybody who have know Alastor Moody . for a split second Harry forget where he be and what he be do there : he even forget that he be invisible . he stride straight over to the door to examine the eye . it be not move . it gaze blindly upward , frozen . the plaque beneath it read : Dolores Umbridge Senior Undersecretary to the Minister Below that a slightly shiny new plaque read : head of the Muggle-Born Registration Commission Harry look back at the dozen pamphlet-makers : though they be intent upon their work , he could hardly suppose that they would not notice if the door of an empty office open in front of them . he therefore withdraw from an inner pocket an odd object with little wave leg and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body . crouch down beneath the Cloak , he place the Decoy detonator on the ground . it scuttle away at once through the leg of the witch and wizard in front of him . a few moment later , during which Harry wait with his hand upon the doorknob , there come a loud bang and a great deal of acrid smoke billowed from a corner . the young witch in the front row shriek : pink page fly everywhere as she and her fellow jump up , look around for the source of the commotion . Harry turn the doorknob , step into Umbridge 's office , and close the door behind him . he feel he have step back in time . the room be exactly like Umbridge 's office at Hogwarts : Lace drapery , doily and dry flower cover every surface . the wall bear the same ornamental plate , each feature a highly color , beribboned kitten , gambol and frisk with sickening cuteness . the desk be cover with a flouncy , flowered cloth . behind Mad-eye 's eye , a telescopic attachment enable Umbridge to spy on the worker on the other side of the door . Harry take a look through it and see that they be all still gather around the Decoy Detonator . he wrench the telescope out of the door , leave a hole behind , pull the magical eyeball out of it , and place it in his pocket . the he turn to face the room again , raise his wand , and murmur , " Accio Locker . " nothing happen , but he have not expect it to ; no doubt Umbridge know all about protective charm and spell . he therefore hurried behind her desk and begin pull open all the drawers . he see quill and notebook and Spellotape ; enchant paper clip that coil snakelike from their drawer and have be beat back ; a fussy little lace box full of spare hair bow and clip ; but no sign of a locket . there be a filing cabinet behind the desk : Harry set to search it . like Filch 's filing cabinet at Hogwarts , it be full of folder , each label with a name . it be not until Harry reach the bottommost drawer that he see something to distract him from the search : Mr. Weasley 's file . he pull it out and open it . Arthur Weasley Blood Status : Pureblood , but with unacceptable pro-Muggle leaning . know member of the order of the Phoenix . family : wife ( pureblood ) , seven child , two young at Hogwarts . NB : young son currently at home , seriously ill , Ministry inspector have confirm . Security Status : track . all movement be be monitor . strong likelihood undesirable No. @card@ will contact ( have stay with Weasley family previously ) " undesirable Number one , " Harry mutter under his breath as he replace Mr. Weasley 's folder and shut the drawer . he have an idea he know who that be , and sure enough , as he straighten up and glance around the office for fresh hiding place he see a poster of himself on the wall , with the word undesirable No . @card@ emblazon across his chest . a little pink note be stick to it with a picture of a kitten in the corner . Harry move across to read it and see that Umbridge have write , " to be punish . " angry than ever , he proceed to grope in the bottom of the vase and basket of dry flower , but be not at all surprise that the locket be not there . he give the office one last sweeping look , and his heart skip a beat . Dumbledore be stare at him from a small rectangular mirror , prop up on a bookcase beside the desk . Harry cross the room at a run and snatch it up , but realize that the moment he touch it that it be not a mirror at all . Dumbledore be smile wistfully out of the front cover of a glossy book . Harry have not immediately notice the curly green writing across his hat - the Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore - nor the slightly small writing across his chest : " by Rita Skeeter , bestsel author of Armando Dippet : Master or Moron ? " Harry open the book at random and see a full-page photograph of two teenage boy , both laugh immoderately with their arm around each other 's shoulder . Dumbledore , now with elbow-length hair , have grow a tiny wispy beard that recall the one on Krum 's chin that have so annoy Ron . the boy who roar in silent amusement beside Dumbledore have a gleeful , wild look about him . his golden hair fall in curl to his shoulder . Harry wonder whether it be a young doge , but before he could check the caption , the door of the office open . if Thicknesse have not be look over his shoulder as he enter , Harry would not have have time to pull the Invisibility Cloak over himself . as it be , he think Thicknesse might have catch a glimpse of movement , because for a moment or two he remain quite still , stare curiously at the place where Harry have just vanish . perhaps decide that that all he have see be Dumbledore scratch his nose on the front of the book , for Harry have hastily replace it upon the shelf . Thicknesse finally walk to the desk and point his wand at the quill stand ready in the ink pot . it spring out and begin scribble a note to Umbridge . very slowly , hardly dare to breathe , Harry back out of the office into the open area beyond . the pamphlet-makers be still cluster around the remain of the Decoy Detonator , which continue to hoot feebly as it smoke . Harry hurry off up the corridor as the young witch say , " I bet it sneak up here from Experimental Charms , they be so careless , remember that poisonous duck ? " speed back toward the lift , Harry review his option . it have never be likely that the locket be here at the Ministry , and there be no hope of bewitch its whereabouts out of Umbridge while she be sit in a crowded court . their priority now have to be to leave the Ministry before they be expose , and try again another day . the first thing to do be to find Ron , and then they could work out a way of extract Hermione from the courtroom . the lift be empty when it arrive . Harry jump in and pull off the Invisibility Cloak as it start its descent . to his enormous relief , when it rattle to a halt at level two , a soaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron get in . " M-morning , " he stammer to Harry as the lift set off again . " Ron , it be me , Harry ! " " Harry ! Blimey , I forget what you look like - why be n't Hermione with you ? " " she have to go down to the courtroom with Umbridge , she could n't refuse , and - " but before Harry could finish the lift have stop again . the door open and Mr. Weasley walk inside , talk to an elderly witch whose blonde hair be tease so high it resemble an anthill . " … I quite understand what you be say , Wakanda , but I be afraid I can be party to - " Mr. Weasley break off ; he have notice Harry . it be very strange to have Mr. Weasley glare at him with that much dislike . the lift door close and the four of them trundle downward once more . " oh hello , Reg , " say Mr. Weasley , look around at the sound of steady dripping from Ron 's robe . " be n't your wife in for question today ? er - what be happen to you ? why be you so wet ? " " Yaxley 's office be rain , " say Ron . he address Mr. Weasley 's shoulder , and Harry feel sure he be scare that his father might recognize him if they look directly into each other 's eye . " I could n't stop it , so they have send me to get Bernie - Pillsworth , I think they say - " " Yes , a lot of office have be rain lately , " say Mr. Weasley . " do you try Meterolojinx Recanto ? it work for Bletchley . " " Meteolojinx Recanto ? " whisper Ron . " no , I do n't . thanks , D - I mean , thanks , Arthur . " the lift door open ; the old witch with the anthill hair leave , and Ron dart past her out of sight . Harry make to follow him , but find his path block as Percy Weasley stride into the lift , his nose bury in some paper he be read . not until the door have clang shut again do Percy realize he be in a lit with his father . he glance up , see Mr. Weasley , turn radish red , and leave the lift the moment the door open again . for the second time , Harry try to get out , but this time find his way block by Mr. Weasley 's arm . " one moment , Runcorn . " the lift door close and as they clank down another floor , Mr. Weasley say , " I hear you have information about Dirk Cresswell . " Harry have the impression that Mr. Weasley 's anger be no less because of the brush with Percy . he decide his good chance be to act stupid . " sorry ? " he say . " do n't pretend , Runcorn , " say Mr. Weasley fiercely . " you track down the wizard who fake his family tree , do n't you ? " " I - so what if I do ? " say Harry . " so Dirk Cresswell be ten time the wizard you be , " say Mr. Weasley quietly , as the lift sink ever low . " and if he survive Azkaban , you will have to answer to him , not to mention his wife , his son , and his friend - " " Arthur , " Harry interrupt , " you know you be be track , do n't you ? " " be that a threat , Runcorn ? " say Mr. Weasley loudly . " no , " say Harry , " it be a fact ! they be watch your every move - " the lift door open . they have reach the atrium . Mr. Weasley give Harry a scathing look and sweep from the lift . Harry stand there , shake . he wish he be impersonate somebody other than Runcorn … . the lift door clang shut . Harry pull out the Invisibility Cloak and put it back on . he would try to extricate Hermione on his own while Ron be deal with the rain office . when the door open , he step out into a torch-lit stone passageway quite different from the wood-paneled and carpet corridor above . as the left rattle away again , Harry shiver slightly , look toward the distant black door that mark the entrance to the Department of Mysteries . he set off , his destination not the black door , but the doorway he remember on the left hand side , which open onto the flight of stair down to the court chamber . his mind grapple with possibility as he creep down them : he still have a couple of Decoy Detonators , but perhaps it would be good to simply knock on the courtroom door , enter as Runcorn , and ask for a quick word with Mafalda ? of course , he do not know whether Runcorn be sufficiently important to get away with this , and even if he manage it , Hermione 's non-reappearance might trigger a search before they be clear of the Ministry … . lose in thought , he do not immediately register the unnatural chill that be creep over him , as if he be descend into fog . it be become cold and cold with every step he take ; a cold that reach right down his throat and tear at his lung . and then he feel that steal sense of despair , or hopelessness , fill him , expand inside him … . Dementors , he think . and as he reach the foot of the stair and turn to his right he see a dreadful scene . the dark passage outside the courtroom be pack with tall , black-hooded figure , their face completely hide , their ragged breathing the only sound in the place . the petrify Muggle-borns bring in for question sit huddle and shiver on hard wooden bench . most of them be hide their face in their hand , perhaps in an instinctive attempt to shield themselves from the dementors ' greedy mouth . some be accompany by family , other sit alone . the dementors be glide up and down in front of them , and the cold , and the hopelessness , and the despair of the place lay themselves upon Harry like a curse … . fight it , he tell himself , but he know that he could not conjure a Patronus here without reveal himself instantly . so he move forward as silently as he could , and with every step he take numbness seem to steal over his brain , but he force himself to think of Hermione and of Ron , who need him . move through the towering black figure be terrifying : the eyeless face hide beneath their hood turn as he pass , and he feel sure that they sense him , sense , perhaps , a human presence that still have some hope , some resilience … . and then , abruptly and shockingly amid the frozen silence , one of the dungeon door on the left of the corridor be fling open and scream echo out of it . " no , no , I be half-blood , I be half-blood , I tell you ! my father be a wizard , he be , look him up , Arkie Alderton , he be a well know broomstick designer , look him up , I tell you - get your hand off me , get your hand off - " " this be your final warning , " say Umbridge 's soft voice , magically magnify so that it sound clearly over the man 's desperate scream . " if you struggle , you will be subject to the Dementor 's Kiss . " the man 's scream subside , but dry sob echo through the corridor . " take him away , " say Umbridge . two dementors appear in the doorway of the courtroom , their rot , scab hand clutch the upper arm of a wizard who appear to be faint . they glide away down the corridor with him , and the darkness they trail behind them swallow him from sight . " next - Mary Cattermole , " call Umbridge . a small woman stand up ; she be tremble from head to foot . her dark hair be smooth back into a bun and she wear long plain robe . her face be completely bloodless . as she pass the dementors , Harry see her shudder . he do it instinctively , without any sort of plan , because he hate the sight of her walking alone into the dungeon : as the door begin to swing closed , he slip into the courtroom behind her . it be not the same room in which he have once be interrogate for improper use of magic . this one be much small , though the ceiling be quite as high it give the claustrophobic sense of be stick at the bottom of a deep well . there be more dementors in here , cast their freezing aura over the place ; they stand like faceless sentinel in the corner farthest from the high , raise platform . here , behind a balustrade , sit Umbridge , with Yaxley on one side of her , and Hermione , quite as white-faced as Mrs. Cattermole , on the other . at the foot of the platform , a bightsilver , long-haired cat prowl up and down , up and down , and Harry realize that it be there to protect the prosecutor from the despair that emanate from the dementors : that be for the accuse to feel , not the accuser . " sit down , " say Umbridge in her soft , silky voice . Mrs. Cattermole stumble to the single seat in the middle of the floor beneath the raise platform . the moment she have sit down , chain clink out of the arm of the chair and bind her there . " you be Mary Elizabeth Cattermole ? " ask Umbridge . Mrs. Cattermole give a single , shaky nod . " marry to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department ? " Mrs. Cattermole burst into tear . " I do n't know where he be , he be suppose to meet me here ! " Umbridge ignore her . " mother to Maisie , Ellie and Alfred Cattermole ? " Mrs. Cattermole sob harder than ever . " they be frighten , they think that I might not come home - " " Spare us , " spit Yaxley . " the brat of Mudbloods do not stir our sympathy . " Mrs. Cattermole 's sob mask Harry 's footstep as he make his way carefully toward the step that lead up to the raise platform . the moment he have pass the place where the Patronus cat patrol , he feel the change in temperature : it be warm and comfortable here . the Patronus , he be sure , be Umbridge 's , and it glow brightly because she be so happy here , in her element , uphold the twisted law she have help to write . slowly and very carefully he edge his way along the platform behind Umbridge , Yaxley , and Hermione , take a seat behind the latter . he be worry about make Hermione jump . he think of cast the Muffliato charm upon Umbridge and Yaxley , but even murmur the word might cause Hermione alarm . then Umbridge raise her voice to address Mrs. Cattermole , and Harry seize his chance . " I be behind you , " he whisper into Hermione 's ear . as he have expect , she jump so violently she nearly overturn the bottle of ink with which she be suppose to be record the interview , but both Umbridge and Yaxley be concentrate upon Mrs. Cattermole , and this go unnoticed . " a wand be take from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today , Mrs. Cattermole , " Umbridge be say . " Eight-and-three-quarter inch , cherry , unicorn-hair core . do you recognize the description ? " Mrs. Cattermole nod , mop her eye on her sleeve . " could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you take that wand ? " " T-took ? " sob Mrs. Cattermole . " I do n't t-take it from anybody . I b-bought it when I be eleven year old . it - it - it - choose me . " she cry harder than ever . Umbridge laugh a soft girlish laugh that make Harry want to attack her . she lean forward over the barrier , the well to observe her victim , and something gold swing forward too , and dangle over the void : the locket . Hermione have see it ; she let out a little squeak , but Umbridge and Yaxley , still intent upon their prey , be deaf to everything else . " no , " say Umbridge , " no , I do n't think so , Mrs. Cattermole . wand only choose witch or wizard . you be not a witch . I have your response to the questionnaire that be send to you here - Mafalda , pass them to me . " Umbridge hold out a small hand : she look so toadlike at that moment that Harry be quite surprise not to see web between the stubby finger . Hermione 's hand be shake with shock . she fumble in a pile of document balance on the chair beside her , finally withdraw a sheaf of parchment with Mrs. Cattermole 's name on it . " that be - that be pretty , Dolores , " she say , point at the pendant gleam in the ruffle fold of Umbridge 's blouse . " what ? " snap Umbridge , glance down . " oh yes - an old family heirloom , " she say , pat the locket lie on her large bosom . " the S stand for Selwyn … . I be relate to the Selwyns … . indeed , there be few pure-blood family to whom I be not relate . …A pity , " she continue in a loud voice , flick through Mrs. Cattermole 's questionnaire , " that the same can be say for you . ' parent profession : greengrocer ' . " Yaxley laugh jeeringly . below , the fluffy silver cat patrol up and down , and the dementors stand wait in the corner . it be Umbridge 's lie that bring the blood surge into Harry 's brain and obliterate his sense of caution - that the locket she have take as a bribe from a petty criminal be be use to bolster her own pure-blood credential . he raise his wand , not even troubling to keep it conceal beneath the Invisibility Cloak , and say , " Stupefy ! " there be a flash of red light ; Umbridge crumple and her forehead hit the edge of the balustrade : Mrs. Cattermole 's paper slide off her lap onto the floor and , down below , the prowl silver cat vanish . ice-cold air hit them like an oncoming wind : Yaxley , confuse , look around for the source of the trouble and see Harry 's disembodied hand and wand point at him . he try to draw his own wand , but too late : " stupefy ! " Yaxley slide to the ground to lie curl on the floor . " Harry ! " " Hermione , if you think I be go to sit here and let her pretend - " " Harry , Mrs. Cattermole ! " Harry whirl around , throw off the Invisibility Cloak ; down below , the dementors have move out of their corner ; they be glide toward the woman chain to the chair : whether because the Patronus have vanish or because they sense that their master be no longer in control , they seem to have abandon restraint . Mrs. Cattermole let out a terrible scream of fear as a slimy , scab hand grasp her chin and force her face back . " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " the silver stag soar from the tip of Harry 's wand and leap toward the dementors , which fall back and melt into the dark shadow again . the stag 's light , more powerful and more warming than the cat 's protection , fill the whole dungeon as it canter around the room . " get the Horcrux , " Harry tell Hermione . he run back down the step , stuff the Invisibility Cloak into his back , and approach Mrs. Cattermole . " you ? " she whisper , gaze into his face . " but - but Reg say you be the one who submit my name for question ! " " do I ? " mutter Harry , tug at the chain bind her arm , " well , I have have a change of heart . Diffindo ! " nothing happen . " Hermione , how do I get rid of these chain ? " " wait , I be try something up here - " " Hermione , we be surround by dementors ! " " I know that , Harry , but if she wake up and the locket be go - I need to duplicate it - Geminio ! there … that should fool her … . " Hermione come run downstairs . " let be see … . Relashio ! " the chain clink and withdraw into the arm of the chair . Mrs. Cattermole look just as frighten as ever before . " I do n't understand , " she whisper . " you be go to leave here with us , " say Harry , pull her to her foot . " go home , grab your child , and get out , get out of the country if you have get to . disguise yourselves and run . you have see how it be , you wo n't get anything like a fair hearing here . " " Harry , " say Hermione , " how be we go to get out of here with all those dementors outside the door ? " " Patronuses , " say Harry , point his wand at his own . the stag slow and walk , still gleam brightly , toward the door . " as many as we can muster ; do yours , Hermione . " " Expec - Expecto patronum , " say Hermione . nothing happen . " it be the only spell she ever have trouble with , " Harry tell a completely bemused Mrs. Cattermole . " bit unfortunate , really … come on Hermione … . " ' Expecto patronum ! " a silver otter burst from the end of Hermione 's wand and swim gracefully through the air to join the stag . " C'mon , " say Harry , and he lead Hermione and Mrs. Cattermole to the door . when the Patronuses glide out of the dungeon there be cry of shock from the people wait outside . Harry look around ; the dementors be fall back on both side of them , meld into the darkness , scatter before the silver creature . " it have be decide that you should all go home and go into hide with your family , " Harry tell the wait Muggle-born , who be dazzle by the light of the Patronuses and still cower slightly . " go abroad if you can . just get well away from the Ministry . that be the - er - new official position . now , if you will just follow the Patronuses , you will be able to leave the atrium . " they manage to get up the stone stop without be intercept , but as they approach the lift Harry start to have misgiving . if they emerge into the atrium with a silver stag , and otter soar alongside it , and twenty or so people , half of them accuse Muggle-borns , he could not help feel that they would attract unwanted attention . he have just reach this unwelcome conclusion when the lift clang to a halt in front of them . " Reg ! " scream Mrs. Cattermole , and she throw herself into Ron 's arm . " Runcorn let me out , he attack Umbridge and Yaxley , and he be tell all of us to leave the country . I think we will well do it , Reg , I really do , let 's hurry home and fetch the child and - why be you so wet ? " " water , " mutter Ron , disengage himself . " Harry , they know there be intruder inside the Ministry , something about a hole in Umbridge 's office door . I reckon we have get five minute if that - " Hermione 's Patronus vanish with a pop as she turn a horror strike face to Harry . " Harry , if we be trap here - ! " " we wo n't be if we move fast , " say Harry . he address the silent group behind them , who be all gawp at him . " who have get wand ? " about half of them raise their hand . " okay , all of you who have n't get wand need to attach yourself to somebody who have . we will need to be fast before they stop us . come on . " they manage to cram themselves into two lift . Harry 's Patronus stand sentinel before the golden grille as they shut and the lift begin to rise . " level eight , " say the witch 's cool voice , " Atrium . " Harry know at once that they be in trouble . the atrium be full of people move from fireplace to fireplace , seal them off . " Harry ! " squeak Hermione . " what be we go to - ? " " stop ! " Harry thunder , and the powerful voice of Runcorn echo through the atrium : the wizard seal the fireplace freeze . " follow me , " he whisper to the group of terrify Muggle-borns , who move forward in a huddle , shepherd by Ron and Hermione . " what be up , Albert ? " say the same balding wizard who have follow Harry out of the fireplace earlier . he look nervous . " this lot need to leave before you seal the exit , " say Harry with all the authority he could muster . the group of wizard in front of him look at one another . " we have be tell to seal all exit and not let anyone - " " be you contradict me ? " Harry bluster . " would you like me to have your family tree examine , like I have Dirk Cresswell 's ? " " sorry ! " gasp the balding wizard , back away . " I do n't mean nothing , Albert , but I think … I think they be in for questioning and … " " their blood be pure , " say Harry , and his deep voice echo impressively through the hall . " pure than many of yours , I daresay . off you go , " he boom to the Muggleborns , who scurry forward into the fireplace and begin to vanish in pair . the Ministry wizard hang back , some look confused , other scared and fearful . then : " Mary ! " Mrs. Cattermole look over her shoulder . the real Reg Cattermole , no long vomiting but pale and wan , have just come run out of a lift . " R- Reg ? " she look from her husband to Ron , who swear loudly . the balding wizard gape , his head turn ludicrously from one Reg Cattermole to the other . " hey - what be go on ? what be this ? " " seal the exit ! seal it ! " Yaxley have burst out of another lift and be run toward the group beside the fireplace , into which all of the Muggle-borns but Mrs. Cattermole have now vanish . as the balding wizard lift his wand , Harry raise an enormous fist and punch him , send him fly through the air . " he have be help Muggle-borns escape , Yaxley ! " Harry shout . the balding wizard 's colleague set up and uproar , under cover of which Ron grab Mrs. Cattermole , pull her into the still-open fireplace , and disappear . confuse , Yaxley look from Harry to the punch wizard , while the real Reg Cattermole scream , " my wife ! who be that with my wife ? what be go on ? " Harry see Yaxley 's head turn , see an inkling of truth dawn on that brutish face . " come on ! " Harry shout at Hermione ; he seize her hand and they jump into the fireplace together as Yaxley 's curse sail over Harry 's head . they spin for a few second before shoot up out of a toilet into a cubicle . Harry fling open the door : Ron be stand there beside the sink , still wrestle with Mrs. Cattermole . " Reg , I do n't understand - " " let go , I be not your husband , you have get to go home ! " there be a noise in the cubicle behind them ; Harry look around ; Yaxley have just appear . " let be Go ! " Harry yell . he seize Hermione by the hand and Ron by the arm and turn on the stop . darkness engulf them , along with the sensation of compress hand , but something be wrong … . Hermione 's hand seem to be slide out of his grip … . he wonder whether he be go to suffocate ; he could not breathe or see and the only solid thing in the world be Ron 's arm and Hermione 's finger , which be slowly slip away … . and then he see the door to number twelve , Grimmauld Place , with its serpent door knocker , but before he could draw breath , there be a scream and a flash of purple light : Hermione 's hand be suddenly vicelike upon his and everything go dark again . Chapter Fourteen the thief Harry open his eye and be dazzle by gold and green ; he have no idea what have happen , he only know that he be lie on what seem to be leaf and twig . struggle to draw breath into lung that feel flatten , he blink and realize that the gaudy glare be sunlight stream through a canopy of leaf far above him . then an object twitch close to his face . he push himself onto his hand and knee , ready to face some small , fierce creature , but see that the object be Ron 's foot . look around , Harry see that they and Hermione be lie on a forest floor , apparently alone . Harry 's first thought be of the Forbidden Forest , and for a moment , even though he know how foolish and dangerous it would be for them to appear in the ground of Hogwarts , his heart leap at the thought of sneak through the tree to Hagrid 's hut . however , in the few moment it take for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to start crawl toward him , he realize that this be not the Forbidden Forest ; the tree look young , they be more widely space , the ground clearer . he meet Hermione , also on her hand and knee , at Ron 's head . the moment his eye fall upon Ron , all other concern flee Harry 's mind , for blood drench the whole of Ron 's leave side and his face stand out , grayish-white , against the leaf-strewn earth . the Polyjuice Potion be wear off now : Ron be halfway between Cattermole and himself in appearance , his hair turn red and red as his face drain of the little color it have leave . " what be happen to him ? " " Splinched , " say Hermione , her finger already busy at Ron 's sleeve , where the blood be wet and dark . Harry watch , horrify , as she tear open Ron be short . he have always think of Splinching as something comical , but this . . . his inside crawl unpleasantly as Hermione lay bare Ron 's upper arm , where a great chunk of flesh be missing , scoop cleanly away as though by a knife . " Harry , quickly , in my bag , there be a small bottle label ' essence of Dittany ' - " " Bag - right - " Harry speed to the place where Hermione have land , seize the tiny bead bag , and thrust his hand inside it . at once , object after object begin present itself to his touch : he feel the leather spine of book , woolly sleeve of jumper , heel of shoe - " Quickly ! " he grab his wand from the ground and point it into the depth of the magical bag . " Accio Dittany ! " a small brown bottle zoom out of the bag ; he catch it and hasten back to Hermione and Ron , whose eye be now half-closed , strip of white eyeball all that be visible between his lid . " he be faint , " say Hermione , who be also rather pale ; she no longer look like Mafalda , though her hair be still gray in place . " Unstopper it for me , Harry , my hand be shake . " Harry wrench the stopper off the little bottle , Hermione take it and pour three drop of the potion onto the bleeding wind . greenish smoke billowed upward and when it have clear , Harry see that the bleeding have stop . the wound now look several day old ; new skin stretch over what have just be open flesh . " wow , " say Harry . " it be all I feel safe do , " say Hermione shakily . " there be spell that would put him completely right , but I dare n't try in case I do them wrong and cause more damage . . . . he be lose so much blood already . . . . " " how do he get hurt ? I mean " - Harry shake his head , try to clear it , to make sense of whatever have just take place - " why be we here ? I think we be go back to Grimmauld Place ? " Hermione take a deep breath . she look close to tear . " Harry , I do n't think we be go to be able to go back there . " " what d'you - ? " " as we Disapparated , Yaxley catch hold of me and I could n't get rid of him , he be too strong , and he be still hold on when we arrive at Grimmauld Place , and then - well , I think he must have see the door , and think we be stop there , so he slacken his grip and I manage to sake him off and I bring us here instead ! " " but then , where be he ? hang on . . . . you do n't mean he be at Grimmauld Place ? he ca n't get in there ? " her eye sparkle with unshed tear as she nod . " Harry , I think he can . I - I force him to let go with a Revulsion Jinx , but I have already take him inside the Fidelius Charm 's protection . since Dumbledore die , we be Secret-Keepers , so I have give him the secret , have n't I ? " there be no pretend ; Harry be sure she be right . it be a serious blow . if Yaxley could now get inside the house , there be no way that they could return . even now , he could be bring other death eater in there by Apparition . gloomy and oppressive though the house be , it have be their one safe refuge ; even , now that Kreacher be so much happy and friendly , a kind of home . with a twinge of regret that have nothing to do with food , Harry imagine the house-elf busy himself over the steak-and-kidney pie that Harry , Ron , and Hermione would never eat . " Harry , I be sorry , I be so sorry ! " " do n't be stupid , it be n't your fault ! if anything , it be mine . . . . " Harry put his hand in his pocket and draw out Mad-Eye 's eye . Hermione recoil , look horrify . " Umbridge have stick it to her office door , to spy on people . I could n't leave it there . . . but that be how they know there be intruder . " before Hermione could answer , Ron groan and open his eye . he be still gray and his face glisten with sweat . " how d'you feel ? " Hermione whisper . " lousy , " croak Ron , wince as he feel his injured arm . " where be we ? " " in the wood where they hold the Quidditch World Cup , " say Hermione . " I want somewhere enclose , undercover , and this be - " " - the first place you think of , " Harry finish for her , glance around at the apparently desert glade . he could not help remember what have happen the last time they have Apparated to the first place Hermione have think of - how Death Eaters have find them within minute . have it be Legilimency ? do Voldemort or his henchman know , even now , where Hermione have take them ? " D'you reckon we should move on ? " Ron ask Harry , and Harry could tell by the look on Ron 's face that he be think the same . " I dunno . " Ron still look pale and clammy . he have make no attempt to sit up and it look as though he be too weak to do so . the prospect of move him be daunting . " let be stay here for now , " Harry say . look relieved , Hermione spring to her foot . " where be you go ? " ask Ron . " if we be stay , we should put some protective enchantment around the place , " she reply , and raise her wand , she begin to walk in a wide circle around Harry and Ron , murmur incantation as she go . Harry see little disturbance in the surround air : it be as if Hermione have cast a heat haze upon their clearing . " Salvio Hexia . . . Protego Totalum . . . Repello Muggletum . . . Muffliato . . . you could get out the tent , Harry . . . . " " tent ? " " in the bag ! " " in the . . . of course , " say Harry . he do not bother to grope inside it this time , but use another Summoning Charm . the tent emerge in a lumpy mass of canvas , rope , and pole . Harry recognize it , partly because of the smell of cat , as the same tent in which they have sleep on the night of the Quidditch World Cup . " I think this belong to that bloke Perkins at the Ministry ? " he ask , start to disentangle the pen peg . " apparently he do n't want it back , his lumbago be so bad , " say Hermione , now perform complicated figure-of-eight movement with her wand . " so Ron 's dad say I could borrow it . Erecto ! " she add , point her wand at the misshapen canvas , which in one fluid motion rise into the air and settle , fully construct , onto the ground before Harry , out of whose startle hand a tent peg soar , to land with a final thud at the end of a guy rope . " Cave Inimicum , " Hermione finish with a skyward flourish . " that be as much as I can do . at the very least , we should know they be come ; I ca n't guarantee it will keep out Vol - " " do n't say the name ! " Ron cut across her , his voice harsh . Harry and Hermione look at each other . " I be sorry , " Ron say , moan a little as he raise himself to look at them , " but it feel like a - a jinx or something . can n't we call him You-Know-Who - please ? " " Dumbledore say fear of a name - " begin Harry . " in case you have n't notice , mate , call You-Know-Who by his name do n't do Dumbledore much good in the end , " Ron snap back . " just - just show You-KnowWho some respect , will you ? " " respect ? " Harry repeat , but Hermione shoot him a warning look ; apparently he be not to argue with Ron while the latter be in such a weakened condition . Harry and Hermione half carry , half drag Ron through the entrance of the tent . the interior be exactly as Harry remember it ; a small flat , complete with bathroom and tiny kitchen . he shove aside an old armchair and lower Ron carefully onto the low berth of a bunk bed . even this very short journey have turn Ron white still , and once they have settle him on the mattress he close his eye again and do not speak for a while . " I will make some tea , " say Hermione breathlessly , pull kettle and mug from the depth of her bag and head toward the kitchen . Harry find the hot drink as welcome as the firewhisky have be on the night that Mad-Eye have die ; it seem to burn away a little of the fear flutter in his chest . after a minute or two , Ron break the silence . " what d'you reckon happen to the Cattermoles ? " " with any luck , they will have get away , " say Hermione , clutch her hot mug for comfort . " as long as Mr. Cattermole have his wit about him , he will have transport Mrs. Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and they will be flee the country right now with their child . that be what Harry tell her to do . " " Blimey , I hope they escape , " say Ron , lean back on his pillow . the tea seem to be do him good ; a little of his color have return . " I do n't get the feel Reg Cattermole be all that quick-witted , though , the way everyone be talk to me when I be him . God , I hope they make it . . . . if they both end up in Azkaban because of us . . . " Harry look over at Hermione and the question he have be about to ask - about whether Mrs. Cattermole 's lack of a wand would prevent her Apparating alongside her husband - die in his throat . Hermione be watch Ron fret over the fate of the Cattermoles , and there be such tenderness in her expression that Harry feel almost as if he have surprise her in the act of kiss him . " so , have you get it ? " Harry ask her , partly to remind her that he be there . " get - get what ? " she say with a little start . " what do we just go through all that for ? the locket ! where be the locket ? " " you get it ? " shout Ron , raise himself a little high on his pillow . " no one tell me anything ! Blimey , you could have mention it ! " " well , we be run for our life from the Death Eaters , be n't we ? " say Hermione . " here . " and she pull the locket out of the pocket of her robe and hand it to Ron . it be as large as a chicken 's egg . an ornate letter S , inlay with many small green stone , glint dully in the diffuse light shine through the tent 's canvas roof . " there be n't any chance someone have destroy it since Kreacher have it ? " ask Ron hopefully . " I mean , be we sure it be still a Horcrux ? " " I think so , " say Hermione , take it back from him and look at it closely . " there will be some sign of damage if it have be magically destroy . " she pass it to Harry , who turn it over in his finger . the thing look perfect , pristine . he remember the mangle remains of the diary , and how the stone in the Horcrux ring have be crack open when Dumbledore destroy it . " I reckon Kreacher 's right , " say Harry . " we be go to have to work out how to open this thing before we can destroy it . " sudden awareness of what he be hold , of what live behind the little golden door , hit Harry as he speak . even after all their effort to find it , he feel a violent urge to fling the locket from him . master himself again , he try to prise the locket apart with his finger , then attempt the charm Hermione have use to open Regulus 's bedroom door . neither work . he hand the locket back to Ron and Hermione , each of whom do their good , but be no more successful at open it than he have be . " can you feel it , though ? " Ron ask in a hush voice , as he hold it tight in his clench fist . " what d'you mean ? " Ron pass the Horcrux to Harry . after a moment or two , Harry think he know what Ron mean . be it his own blood pulse through his vein that he could feel , or be it something beating inside the locket , like a tiny metal heart ? " what be we go to do with it ? " Hermione ask . " keep it safe till we work out how to destroy it . " Harry reply , and , little though he want to , he hang the chain around his own neck , drop the locket out of sight beneath his robe , where it rest against his chest beside the pouch Hagrid have give him . " I think we should take it in turn to keep watch outside the tent , " he add to Hermione , stand up and stretch . " and we will need to think about some food as well . you stay there , " he add sharply , as Ron attempt to sit up and turn a nasty shade of green . with the Sneakoscope Hermione have give Harry for his birthday set carefully upon the table in the tent , Harry and Hermione spend the rest of the day share the role of lookout . however , the Sneakoscope remain silent and still upon its point all day , and whether because of the protective enchantment and Muggle-repelling charm Hermione have spread around them , or because people rarely venture this way , their patch of wood remain desert , apart from occasional bird and squirrel . evening bring no change ; Harry light his wand as he swap place with Hermione at ten o'clock , and look out upon a desert scene , note the bat flutter high above him across the single patch of starry sky visible from their protected clearing . he feel hungry now , and a little light-headed . Hermione have not pack any food in her magical bag , as she have assume that they would be return to Grimmauld place that night , so they have have nothing to eat except some wild mushroom that Hermione have collect from amongst the near tree and stew in a Billycan . after a couple of mouthful Ron have push his portion away , look queasy ; Harry have only persevere so as to not hurt Hermione 's feeling . the surround silence be break by odd rustlings and what sound like cracking of twig : Harry think that they be cause by animal rather than people , yet he keep his wand hold tight at the ready . his inside , already uncomfortable due to their inadequate helping of rubbery mushroom , tingle with unease . he have though that he would feel elate if they manage to steal back the Horcrux , but somehow he do not ; all he feel as he sit look out at the darkness , of which his wand light only a tiny part , be worry about what would happen next . it be as though he have be hurtle toward this point for week , month , maybe even year , but how he have come to an abrupt halt , run out of road . there be other Horcruxes out there somewhere , but he do not have the faint idea where they could be . he do not even know what all of them be . meanwhile he be at a loss to know how to destroy the only one that they have find , the Horcrux that currently lie against the bare flesh of his chest . curiously , it have not take heat from his body , but lie so cold against his skin it might just have emerge from icy water . from time to time Harry think , or perhaps imagine , that he could feel the tiny heartbeat tick irregularly alongside his own . nameless foreboding creep upon him as he sit there in the dark . he try to resist them , push them away , yet they come at him relentlessly . neither can live while the other survive . Ron and Hermione , now talk softly behind him in the tent , could walk away if they want to : he could not . and it seem to Harry as he sit there try to master his own fear and exhaustion , that the Horcrux against his chest be tick away the time he have leave . . . . stupid idea , he tell himself , do n't think that . . . . his scar be start to prickle again . he be afraid that he be make it happen by have these thought , and try to direct them into another channel . he think of poor Kreacher , who have expect them home and have receive Yaxley instead . would the elf keep silent or would he tell the Death Eater everything he know ? Harry want to believe that Kreacher have change towards him in the past month , that he would be loyal now , but who know what would happen ? what if the Death Eaters torture the elf ? sick image swarm into Harry 's head and he try to push these away too , for there be nothing he could do for Kreacher : he and Hermione have already decide against try to summon him ; what if someone from the Ministry come too ? they could not count on elfish apparition be free from the same flaw that have take Yaxley to Grimmauld Place on the hem of Hermione 's sleeve . Harry 's scar be burn now . he think that there be so much they do not know : lupin have be right about magic they have never encounter or imagine . why have n't Dumbledore explain more ? have he think that there would be time ; that he would live for year , for century perhaps , like his friend Nicolas Flamel ? if so , he have be wrong . . . . Snape have see to that . . . . Snape , the sleeping snake , who have strike at the top of the tower . . . and Dumbledore have fall . . . fall . . . " give it to me , Gregorovitch . " Harry 's voice be high , clear , and cold , his wand hold in front of him by a longfingered white hand . the man at whom he be point be suspend upside down in midair , though there be no rope hold him ; he swing there , invisibly and eerily bind , his limb wrap about him , his terrify face , on a level with Harry 's ruddy due to the blood that have rush to his head . he have pure-white hair and a thick , bushy beard : a trussed-up Father Christmas . " I have it not , I have it no more ! it be , many year ago , steal from me ! " " do not lie to Lord Voldemort , Gregorovitch . he know . . . . he always know . " the hang man 's pupil be wide , dilate with fear , and they seem to swell , big and big until their blackness swallow Harry whole - and how Harry be hurry along a dark corridor in stout little Gregorovitch 's wake as he hold a lantern aloft : Gregorovitch burst into the room at the end of the passage and his lantern illuminate what look like a workshop ; wood shaving and gold gleam in the swing pool of light , and there on the window ledge sit perch , like a giant bird , a young man with golden hair . in the split second that the lantern 's light illuminate him , Harry see the delight upon his handsome face , then the intruder shoot a Stunning Spell from his wand and jump neatly backward out of the window with a crow of laughter . and Harry be hurtle back out of those wide , tunnellike pupil and Gregorovitch 's face be strike with terror . " who be the thief , Gregorovitch ? " say the high cold voice . " I do not know , I never know , a young man - no - please - PLEASE ! " a scream that go on and on and then a burst of green light - " Harry ! " he open his eye , pant , his forehead throb . he have pass out against the side of the tent , have slide sideways down the canvas , and be sprawl on the ground . he look up at Hermione , whose bushy hair obscure the tiny patch of sky visible through the dark branch high above them . " dream , " he say , sit up quickly and attempt to meet Hermione 's glower with a look of innocence . " must have doze off , sorry . " " I know it be your scar ! I can tell by the look on your face ! you be look into Vol - " " do n't say his name ! " come Ron 's angry voice from the depth of the tent . " fine , " retort Hermione , " You-Know-Who 's mind , then ! " " I do n't mean it to happen ! " Harry say . " it be a dream ! can you control what you dream about , Hermione ? " " if you just learn to apply Occlumency - " but Harry be not interested in be tell off ; he want to discuss what he have just see . " he have find Gregorovitch , Hermione , and I think he have kill him , but before he kill him he read Gregorovitch 's mind and I see - " " I think I will well take over the watch if you be so tired you be fall sleep , " say Hermione coldly . " I can finish the watch ! " " no , you be obviously exhaust . go and lie down . " she drop down in the mouth of the tent , look stubborn . angry , but wish to avoid a row , Harry duck back inside . Ron 's still-pale face be poke out from the low bunk ; Harry climb into the one above him , lay down , and look up at the dark canvas ceiling . after several moment , Ron speak in a voice so low that it would not carry to Hermione , huddle in the entrance . " what be You-Know-Who do ? " Harry screw up his eye in the effort to remember every detail , then whisper into the darkness . " he find Gregorovitch . he have him tie up , he be torture him . " " how be Gregorovitch suppose to make him a new wand if he be tie up ? " " I dunno . . . . it be weird , be n't it ? " Harry close his eye , think of all that he have see and hear . the more he recall , the less sense it make . . . . Voldemort have say nothing about Harry 's wand , nothing about the twin core , nothing about Gregorovitch make a new and more powerful wand to beat Harry 's . . . . " he want something from Gregorovitch , " Harry say , eye still close tight . " he ask him to hand it over , but Gregorovitch say it have be steal from him . . . and then . . . then . . . " he remember how he , as Voldemort , have seem to hurtle through Gregorovitch 's eye , into his memory . . . . " he read Gregorovitch 's mind , and I see this young bloke perch on a windowsill , and he fire a curse at Gregorovitch and jump out of sight . he steal it , he steal whatever You-Know-Who be after . and I . . . I think I have see him somewhere . . . . " Harry wish he could have another glimpse of the laughing boy 's face . the theft have happen many year ago , accord to Gregorovitch . why do the young thief look familiar ? the noise of the surround wood be muffle inside the tent ; all Harry could hear be Ron 's breathing . after a while , Ron whisper , " could n't you see what the thief be hold ? " " no . . . it must have be something small . " " Harry ? " the wooden slat of Ron 's bunk creak as he reposition himself in bed . " Harry , you do n't reckon You-Know-Who 's after something else to turn into a Horcrux ? " " I do n't know , " say Harry slowly . " maybe . but would n't it be dangerous for him to make another one ? do n't Hermione say he have push his soul to the limit already ? " " yeah , but maybe he do n't know that . " " yeah . . .maybe , " say Harry . he have be sure that Voldemort have be look for a way around the problem of the twin core , sure that Voldemort seek a solution from the old wandmaker . . . and yet he have kill him , apparently without ask him a single question about wandlore . what be Voldemort try to find ? why , with the Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding world at his foot , be he far away , intent on the pursuit of an object that Gregorovitch have once own , and which have be steal by the unknown thief ? Harry could still see the blond-haired youth 's face ; it be merry , wild ; there be a Fred and George-ish air of triumphant trickery about him . he have soar from the windowsill like a bird , and Harry have see him before , but he could not think where . . . . with Gregorovitch dead , it be the merry-faced thief who be in danger now , and it be on him that Harry 's thought dwell , as Ron 's snore begin to rumble from the low bunk and as he himself drift slowly into sleep once more . Chapter Fifteen The Goblin 's Revenge Early next morning , before the other two be awake , Harry leave the tent to search the wood around them for the old , most gnarl , and resilient-looking tree he could find . there in its shadow he bury Mad-Eye Moody 's eye and mark the spot by gouge a small cross in the bark with his wand . it be not much , but Harry feel that Mad-Eye would have much prefer this to be stick on Dolores Umbridge 's door . then he return to the tent to wait for the other to wake , and discuss what they be go to do next . Harry and Hermione feel that it be well not to stay anywhere too long , and Ron agree , wit the sole proviso that their next move take them within reach of a bacon sandwich . Hermione therefore remove the enchantment she have place around the clearing , while Harry and Ron obliterate all the mark and impression on the ground that might show they have camp there . then they Disapparated to the outskirt of a small market town . once they have pitch the tent in the shelter of a small copse of tree and surround it with freshly cast defensive enchantment . Harry venture out under the Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance . this , however , do not go as planned . he have barely enter the town when an unnatural chill , a descend mist , and a sudden darken of the sky make him freeze where he stand . " but you can make a brilliant Patronus ! " protest Ron , when Harry arrive back at the tent empty hand , out of breath , and mouth the single word , dementors . " I could n't . . . make one . " he pant , clutch the stitch in his side . " would n't . . . come . " their expression of consternation and disappointment make Harry feel ashamed . it have be a nightmarish experience , see the dementors glide out of the must in the distance and realize , as the paralyze cold choke his lung and a distant scream fill his ear , that he be not go to be able to protect himself . it have take all Harry 's willpower to uproot himself from the spot and run , leave the eyeless dementors to glide amongst the Muggles who might not be able to see them , but would assuredly feel the despair they cast wherever they go . " so we still have n't get any food . " " shut up , Ron , " snap Hermione . " Harry , what happen ? why do you think you could n't make your Patronus ? you manage perfectly yesterday ! " " I do n't know . " he sit low in one of Perkins 's old armchair , feel more humiliate by the moment . he be afraid that something have go wrong inside him . yesterday seem a long time ago : today me might have be thirteen year old again , the only one who collapse on the Hogwarts Express . Ron kick a chair leg . " what ? " he snarl at Hermione . " I be starve ! all I have have since I bleed half to death be a couple of toadstool ! " " you go and fight your way through the dementors , then , " say Harry , sting . " I would , but my arm be in a sling , in case you have n't notice ! " " that be convenient . " " and what be that suppose to - ? " " of course ! " cry Hermione , clap a hand to her forehead and startling both of them into silence . " Harry , give me the locket ! come on , " she say impatiently , click her finger at him when he do not react , " to Horcrux , Harry , you be still wear it ! " she hold out her hand , and Harry lift the golden chain over his head . the moment it part contact with Harry 's skin he free and oddly light . he have not even realize that he be clammy or that there be a heavy weight press on his stomach until both sensation lift . " well ? " ask Hermione . " yeah , load well ! " " Harry , " she say , crouch down in front of him and use the kind of voice he associate with visit the very sick , " you do n't think you have be possess , do you ? " " what ? no ! " he say defensively , " I remember everything we have do while I have bee wear it . I would n't know what I have do if I have be possess , would I ? Ginny tell me there be time when she could n't remember anything . " " hmm , " say Hermione , look down at the heavy locket . " well , maybe we ought not to wear it . we can just keep it in the tent . " " we be not leave that Horcrux lie around , " Harry state firmly . " if we lose it , if it get steal - " " oh , all right , all right , " say Hermione , and she place it around her own neck and tuck it out of sight down the front of her shirt . " but we will take turn wear it , so nobody keep it on too long . " " great , " say Ron irritably , " and now we have sort that out , can we please get some food ? " " fine , but we will go somewhere else to find it , " say Hermione with half a glance at Harry . " there be no point staying where we know dementors be swoop around . " in the end they settle down for the night in a far fling field belong to a lonely farm , from which they have manage to obtain egg and bread . " it be not steal , be it ? " ask Hermione in a troubled voice , as they devour scrambled egg on toast . " not if I leave some money under the chicken coo ? " Ron roll his eye and say , with his cheek bulge , " Er-my-nee , ' oo worry ' oo much . ' Elax ! " and , indeed , it be much easy to relax when they be comfortably well feed . the argument about the dementors be forget in laughter that night , and Harry feel cheerful , even hopeful , as he take the first of the three night watch . this be their first encounter with the fact that a full stomach mean good spirit , an empty one , bickering and gloom . Harry be least surprise by this , because be have suffer period of near starvation at the Dursley ' . Hermione bear up reasonably well on those night when they manage to scavenge nothing but berry or stale biscuit , her temper perhaps a little short than usual and her silence dour . Ron , however , have always be use to three delicious meal a day , courtesy of his mother or of the Hogwarts house-elves , and hunger make him both unreasonable and irascible . whenever lack of food coincide with Ron 's turn to wear the Horcrux , he become downright unpleasant . " so where next ? " be his constant refrain . he do not seem to have any idea himself , but expect Harry and Hermione to come up with plan while he sit and brood over the low food supply . accordingly Harry and Hermione spend fruitless hour try to decide where they might find the other Horcruxes , and how to destroy the one they already get , their conversation become increasingly repetitive as they get no new information . as Dumbledore have tell Harry that be believe Voldemort have hide the Horcruxes in place important to him , they keep recite , in a sort of dreary litany , those location they know that Voldemort have live or visit . the orphanage where he have be bear and raise : Hogwarts , where he have be educate ; Borgin and Burks , where he have work after complete school ; then Albania , where he have spend his year of exile : these form the basis of their speculation . " yeah , let be go to Albania . should n't take more than an afternoon to search an entire country , " say Ron sarcastically . " there ca n't be anything there . he have already make five of his Horcruxes before he go into exile , and Dumbledore be certain the snake be the sixth , " say Hermione . " we know the snake be not in Albania , it be usually with Vol - " " do n't I ask you to stop say that ? " " fine ! the snake be usually with You-Know-Who—happy ? " " not particularly . " " I ca n't see him hide anything at Borgin and Burkes . " say Harry , who have make this point many time before , but say it again simply to break the nasty silence . " Borgin and Burke be expert at dark object , they would have recognize a Horcrux straightaway . " Ron yawn pointedly . repress a strong urge to throw something at him , Harry plow on , " I still reckon he might have hide something at Hogwarts . " Hermione sigh . " but Dumbledore would have find it , Harry ! " Harry repeat the argument he keep bring out in favor of this theory . " Dumbledore say in front of me that he never assume he know all of Hogwart 's secret . I be tell you , if there be one place Vol - " " Oi ! " " YOU-KNOW-WHO , then ! " Harry shout , goad past endurance . " if there be one place that be really important to You-Know-Who , it be Hogwarts ! " " oh , come on , " scoff Ron . " his school ? " " yeah , his school ! it be his first real home , the place that mean he be special : it mean everything to him , and even after he leave - " " this be You-Know-Who we be talk about , right ? not you ? " inquire Ron . he be tug at the chain of the Horcrux around his neck ; Harry be visit by a desire to seize it and throttle him . " you tell us that You-Know-Who ask Dumbledore to give him a job after he leave , " say Hermione . " that be right , " say Harry . " and Dumbledore think he only want to come back to try and find something , probably another founder 's object , to make into another Horcrux ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " but he do n't get the job , do he ? " say Hermione . " so he never get the chance to find a founder 's object there and hide it in the school ! " " okay , then , " say Harry , defeat . " Forget Hogwarts . " without any other lead , they travel into London and , hide beneath the Invisibility Cloak , search for the orphanage in which Voldemort have be raise . Hermione steal into a library and discover from their record that the place have be demolish many year before . they visit its site and find a tower block of office . " we could try dig in to foundation ? " Hermione suggest halfheartedly . " he would n't have hide a Horcrux here , " Harry say . he have know it all along . the orphanage have be the place Voldemort have be determine to escape ; he would never have hide a part of his soul there . Dumbledore have show Harry that Voldemort seek grandeur or mystique in his hiding place ; this dismal gray corner of London be as far remove as you could imagine from Hogwarts of the Ministry or a building like Gringotts , the Wizarding bank , with its gilded door and marble floor . even without any new idea , they continue to move through the countryside , pitch the tent in a different place each night for security . every morning they make sure that they have remove all clue to their presence , then set off to find another lonely and secluded spot , travel by apparition to more wood , to the shadowy crevice of cliff , to purple moor , gorse-covered mountainside , and once a sheltered and pebbly cove . every twelve hour or so they pass the Horcrux between them as though they be play some perverse , slow-motion game of pass-the-parcel , where they dread the music stop because the reward be twelve hour of increase fear and anxiety . Harry 's scare keep prickle . it happen most often , he notice , when he be wear the Horcrux . sometimes he could not stop himself react to the pain . " what ? what do you see ? " demand Ron , whenever he notice Harry wince . " a face , " mutter Harry , every time . " the same face . the thief who steal from Gregorovitch . " and Ron would turn away , make no effort to hide his disappointment . Harry know that Ron be hope to bear news of his family or the rest of the order of the Phoenix , but after all , he , Harry , be not a television aerial ; he could only see what Voldemort be think at the time , not tune in to whatever take his fancy . apparently Voldemort be dwell endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face , whose name and whereabouts , Harry feel sure , Voldemort know no good than he do . as Harry 's scar continue to burn and the merry , blond-haired boy swim tantalizingly in his memory , he learn to suppress any sign of pain or discomfort , for the other two show nothing but impatience at the mention of the thief . he could not entirely blame them , when they be so desperate for a lean on the Horcruxes . as the day stretch into week , Harry begin to suspect that Ron and Hermione be have conversation without , and about , him . several time they stop talk abruptly when Harry enter the tent , and twice he come accidentally upon them , huddle a little distance away , head together and talk fast ; both time they fall silent when they realize he be approach them and hasten to appear busy collect wood or water . Harry could not help wonder whether they have only agree to come on what now feel like a pointless and ramble journey because they think he have some secret plan that they would learn in due course . ton be make no effort to hide his bad mood , and Harry be start to fear that Hermione too be disappoint by his poor leadership . in desperation he try to think of further Horcrux location , but the only one that continue to occur to him be Hogwarts , and as neither of the other think this at all likely , he stop suggest it . autumn roll over the countryside as they move through it . they be now pitch the tent on mulch of fallen leaf . natural mist join those cast by the dementors ; wind and rain add to their trouble . the fact that Hermione be get well at identify edible fungus could not altogether compensate for their continuing isolation , the lack of other people 's company , or their total ignorance of what be go on in the war against Voldemort . " my mother , " say Ron on night , as they sit in the tent on a riverbank in Wales , " can make good food appear out of thin air . " he prod moodily at the lump of char gray fish on his plate . Harry glance automatically at Ron 's neck and see , as he have expect , the golden chain of the Horcrux glint there . he manage to fight down the impulse to swear at Ron , whose attitude would , he know , improve slightly when the time come to take off the locket . " your mother ca n't produce food out of thin air , " say Hermione . " no one can . Food be the first of the five principal exception to Gamp 's Law of Elemental Transfigura - " " oh , speak English , ca n't you ? " Ron say , prise a fish out from between his tooth . " it be impossible to make good food out of nothing ! you can Summon it if you know where it be , you can transform it , you can increase the quantity if you have already get some - " " well , do n't bother increase this , it be disgusting , " say Ron . " Harry catch the fish and I do my good with it ! I notice I be always the one who end up sort out the food , because I be a girl , I suppose ! " " no , it be because you be suppose to be the good at magic ! " shot back Ron . Hermione jump up and bit of roast pike slide off her tin plate onto the floor . " you can do the cooking tomorrow , Ron , you can find the ingredient and try and charm them into something worth eating , and I will sit here and pull face and moan and you can see you - " " Shut up ! , " say Harry , leap to his foot and hold up both hand . " shut up now ! " Hermione look outraged . " how can you side with him , he hardly ever do the cook - " " Hermione , be quiet , I can hear someone ! " he be listen hard , his hand still raise , warn them not to talk . then , over the rush and gush of the dark river beside them , he hear voice again . he look around at the Sneakoscope . it be not move . " you cast the Muffliato charm over us , right ? " he whisper to Hermione . " I do everything , " she whisper back , " Muffliato , Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms , all of it . they should n't be able to hear of see us , whoever they be . " heavy scuff and scrape noise , plus the sound of dislodge stone and twig , tell them that several people be clamber down the steep , wooded slope that descend to the narrow bank where they have pitch the tent . they draw their wand , wait . the enchantment they have cast around themselves ought to be sufficient , in the near total darkness , to shield them from the notice of Muggles and normal witch and wizard . if these be Death Eaters , then perhaps their defense be about to be test by Dark Magic for the first time . the voice become loud but no more intelligible as the group of man reach the bank . Harry estimate that their owner be few than twenty foot away , but the cascading river make it impossible to tell for sure . Hermione snatch up the bead bag and start to rummage ; after a moment she draw out three extendible ear and throw one each to Harry and Ron , who hastily insert the end of the flesh-colored string into their ear and feed the other end out of the tent entrance . within second Harry hear a weary male voice . " there ought to be a few salmon in here , or d'you reckon it be too early in the season ? Accio Salmon ! " there be several distinct splash and then the slapping sound of fish against flesh . somebody grunt appreciatively . Harry press the extendable ear deep into his own : over the murmur of the river he could make out more voice , but they be not speak English or any human language he have ever hear . it be a rough and unmelodious tongue , a string of rattle , guttural noise , and there seem to be two speaker , one with a slightly low , slow voice than the other . a fire dance into life on the other side of the canvas , large shadow pass between tent and flame . the delicious smell of bake salmon waft tantalizingly in their direction . then come the clink of cutlery on plate , and the first man speak again . " here , Griphook , Gornuk . " goblin ! Hermione mouth at Harry , who nod . " thank you , " say the goblin together in English . " so , you three have be on the run how long ? " ask a new , mellow , and pleasant voice ; it be vaguely familiar to Harry , who picture a round-bellied , cheerfulfaced man . " six week . . . seven . . . I forget , " say the tired man . " meet up with Griphook in the first couple of day and join force with Gornuk not long after . nice to have a but of company . " there be a pause , while knife scrape plate and tin mug be pick up and replace on the ground . " what make you leave , Ted ? " continue the man . " know they be come for me , " reply mellow-voiced Ted , and Harry suddenly know who he be : Tonks 's father . " hear Death Eaters be in the area last week and decide I will well run for it . refuse to register as a Muggle-born on principle , see , so I know it be a matter of time , know I will have to leave in the end . my wife should be okay , she be pure-blood . and then I net Dean here , what , a few day ago , son ? " " yeah , " say another voice , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione stare at each other , silent but besides themselves with excitement , sure they recognize the voice of Dean Thomas , their fellow Gryffindor . " Muggle-born , eh ? " ask the first man . " not sure , " say Dean . " my dad leave my mum when I be a kid . I have get no proof he be a wizard , though . " there be silence for a while , except for the sound of munch ; then Ted speak again . " I have get to say , Dirk , I be surprise to run into you . pleased , but surprise . word be that you have be catch . " " I be , " say Dirk . " I be halfway to Azkaban when I make a break for it . stun Dawlish , and nick his broom . it be easier than you will think ; I do n't reckon he be quite right at the moment .Might be Confunded . if so , I will like to shake the hand of the witch or wizard who do it , probably save my life . " there be another pause in which the fire crackle and the river rush on . the Ted say , " and where do you two fit in ? I , er , have the impression the goblin be for You-Know-Who , on the whole . " " you have a false impression , " say the higher-voiced of the goblin . " we take no side . this be a wizard ' war . " " how come you be in hiding , then ? " " I deem in prudent , " say the deeper-voiced goblin . " have refuse what I consider an impertinent request , I could see that my person safety be in jeopardy . " " what do they ask you to do ? " ask Ted . " duty ill-befitting the dignity of my race , " reply the goblin , his voice rough and less human as he say it . " I be not a house-elf . " " what about you , Griphook ? " " similar reason , " say the high voiced goblin . " Gringotts be no longer under the sole control of my race . I recognize no Wizarding master . " he add something under his breath in Gobbledegook , and Gornuk laugh . " what be the joke ? " ask Dean . " he say , " reply Dirk , " that there be thing wizard do n't recognize , either . " there be a short pause . " I do n't get it , " say Dean . " I have my small revenge before I leave , , " say Griphook in English . " good man—goblin , I should say , " amend Ted hastily . " do n't manage to lock a Death Eater up in one of the old high-security vault , I suppose ? " " if I have , the sword would not have help him break out , " reply Griphook . Gornuk laugh again and even Dirk give a dry chuckle . " Dean and I be still miss something here , " say Ted . " so be Severus Snape , though he do not know it , " say Griphook , and the two goblin roar with malicious laughter . inside the tent Harry 's breathing be shallow with excitement : he and Hermione stare at each other , listen as hard as they could . " do n't you hear about that , Ted ? " ask Dirk . " about the kid who try to steal Gryffindor 's sword out of Snape 's office at Hogwarts ? " an electric current seem to course through Harry , jangle his every nerve as he stand root to the spot . " never hear a word , " say Ted , " not in the Prophet , be it ? " " hardly , " chortle Dirk . " Griphook here tell me , he hear about it from Bill Weasley who work for the bank . one of the kid who try to take the sword be Bill 's young sister . " Harry glance toward Hermione and Ron , both of whom be clutch the extendable Ears as tightly as lifeline . " she and a couple of friend get into Snape 's office and smash open the glass case where he be apparently keep the sword . Snape catch them as they be try to smuggle it down the staircase . " ah , God bless ' em , " say Ted . " what do they think , that they will be able to use the sword on You-Know-Who ? or on Snape himself ? " well , whatever they think they be go to do with it , Snape decide the sword be n't safe where it be , " say Dirk . " couple of day later , once he have get the sayso from You-Know-Who , I imagine , he send it down to London to be keep in Gringotts instead . " the goblin start to laugh again . " I be still not see the joke , " say Ted . " it be a fake , " rasp Griphook . " the sword of Gryffindor ! " " oh yes . it be a copy—en excellent copy , it be true—but it be Wizard-made . the original be forge century ago by goblin and have certain property only goblin-made armor possess . wherever the genuine sword of Gryffindor be , it be not in a vault at Gringotts bank . " " I see , " say Ted . " and I take it you do n't bother tell the Death Eaters this/ ' " I see no reason to trouble them with the information , " say Griphook smugly , and now Ted and Dean join in Gornuk and Dirk 's laughter . inside the tent , Harry close his eye , willing someone to ask the question he need answer , and after a minute that seem ten , Dean oblige : he be ( Harry remember with a jolt ) an ex-boyfriend of Ginny 's too . " what happen to Ginny and all the other ? the one who try to steal it ? " " oh , they be punish , and cruelly , " say Griphook indifferently . " they be okay , though ? " ask Ted quickly , " I mean , the Weasleys do n't need any more of their kid injure , do they ? " " they suffer no serious injury , as far as I be aware , " say Griphook . " lucky for them , " say Ted . " with Snape 's track record I suppose we should just be glad they be still alive . " " you believe that story , then , do you , Ted ? " ask Dirk . " you believe Snape kill Dumbledore ? " course I do , " say Ted . " you be not go to sit there and tell me you think Potter have anything to do with it ? " " hard to know what to believe these day , " mutter Dirk . " I know Harry Potter , " say Dean . " and I reckon he be the real thing—the Chosen one , or whatever you want to call it . " " yeah , there be a lot would like to believe he be that , son , " say Dirk , " me include . but where be he ? run for it , by the look of thing . you will think if he know anything we do n't , or have anything special go for him , he will be out there now fight , rally resistance , instead of hiding . and you know , the Prophet make a pretty good case against him - " " the Prophet ? " scoff Ted . " you deserve to be lie to if you be still read that much , Dirk . you want the fact , try the Quibbler . " there be a sudden explosion of choke and retch , plus a good deal of thump , by the sound of it . Dirk have swallow a fish bone . at last he sputter , " the Quibbler ? that lunatic rag of Xeno Lovegood 's ? " " it be not so lunatic these day , " say Ted . " you want to give it a look , Xeno be print all the stuff the Prophet be ignore , not a single mention of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks in the last issue . how long they will let him get with it , mind , I do n't know . but Xeno say , front page of every issue , that any wizard who be against You-Know-Who ought to make help Harry Potter their number-one priority . " " hard to help a boy who be vanish off the face of the earth , " say Dirk . " listen , the fact that they have n't catch him yet be one hell of an achievement , " say Ted . " I will take tip from him gladly ; it be what we be try to do , stay free , be n't it ? " " yeah , well , you have get a point there , " say Dirk heavily . " with the whole of the Ministry and all their informer look for him , I will have expect him to be catch by now . mind , who be to say they have n't already catch and kill him without publicize it ? " " ah , do n't say that , Dirk , " murmur Ted . there be a long pause fill with more clatter of knife and fork . when they speak again it be to discuss whether they ought to sleep on the back or retreat back up the wooded slope . decide the tree would give good cover , they extinguish their fire , then clamber back up the incline , their voice fade away . Harry , Ron , and Hermione reel in the extendable Ears . Harry , who have find the need to remain silent increasingly difficult the longer they eavesdrop , now find himself unable to say more then , " Ginny—the sword - " " I know ! " say Hermione . she lunge for the tiny bead bag , this time sink her arm in it right up to the armpit . " here . . . we . . . be . . . " she say between grit tooth , and she pull at something that be evidently in the depth of the bag . slowly the edge of an ornate picture frame come into sight . Harry hurry to help her . as they lift the empty portrait of Phineas Nigellus free of Hermione 's bag , she keep her wand point at it , ready to cast a spell at any moment . " if somebody swap the real sword for the face while it be in Dumbledore 's office , " she pant , as they prop the painting against the side of the tent , " Phineas Nigellus would have see it happen , he hang right beside the case ! " " unless he be asleep , " say Harry , but he still hold his breath as Hermione kneel down in front of the empty canvas , her wand direct at its center , clear her throat , then say : " Er—Phineas ? Phineas Nigellus ? " nothing happen . " Phineas Nigellus ? " say Hermione again . " Professor Black ? please could we talk to you ? please ? " " ' Please ' always help , " say a cold , snide voice , and Phineas Nigellus slide into his portrait . at one , Hermione cry : " Obscura ! " a black blindfold appear over Phineas Nigellus be clever , dark eye , cause him to bump into the frame and shriek with pain . " What—how dare—what be you - ? " " I be very sorry , Professor Black , " say Hermione , " but it be a necessary precaution ! " " remove this foul addition at once ! remove it , I say ! you be ruin a great work of art ! where be I ? what be go on ? " " never mind where we be , " say Harry , and Phineas Nigellus freeze , abandon his attempt to peel off the painted blindfold . " can that possible be the voice of the elusive Mr. Potter ? " " maybe , " say Harry , know that this would keep Phineas Nigellus 's interest . " we have get a couple of question to ask you—about the sword of Gryffindor . " " ah , " say Phineas Nigellus , now turn his head this way and that in an effort to catch sight of Harry , " yes . that silly girl act most unwisely there - " " Shut up about my sister , " say Ron roughly , Phineas Nigellus raise supercilious eyebrow . " who else be here ? " he ask , turn his head from side to side . " your tone displease me ! the girl and her friend be foolhardily in the extreme . thieve from the headmaster . " " they be n't thieve , " say Harry . " that sword be n't Snape 's . " " it belong to Professor Snape 's school , " say Phineas Nigellus . " exactly what claim do the Weasley girl have upon it ? she deserve her punishment , as do the idiot Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity ! " " Neville be not an idiot and Luna be not an oddity ! " say Hermione . " where be I ? " repeat Phineas Nigellus , start to wrestle with the blindfold again . " where have you bring me ? why have you remove me from the house of my forebear ? " " never mind that ! how do Snape punish Ginny , Neville , and Luna ? " ask Harry urgently . " Professor Snape send them into the Forbidden Forest , to do some work for the oaf , Hagrid . " " Hagrid be not an oaf ! " say Hermione shrilly . " and Snape might have though that be a punishment , " say Harry , " buy Ginny , Neville , and Luna probably have a good laugh with Hagrid . the Forbidden Forest . . . they have face plenty bad than the Forbidden Forest , big deal ! " he feel relieve ; he have be imagine horror , the Cruciatus Curse at the very least . " what we really want to know , Professor Black , be whether anyone else have , um , take out the sword at all ? maybe it have be take away for cleaning—or something ! " Phineas Nigellus pause again in his struggle to free his eye and snigger . " Muggle-born , " he say , " Goblin-made armor do not require clean , simple girl . goblin 's silver repel mundane dirt , imbibe only that which strengthen it . " " do n't call Hermione simple , " say Harry . " I grow weary of contradiction , " say Phineas Nigellus . " perhaps it be time for me to return to the headmaster 's office . ? " still blindfolded , he begin grope the side of his frame , try to feel his way out of his picture and back into the one at Hogwarts . Harry have a sudden inspiration . " Dumbledore ! can n't you bring us Dumbledore ? " " I beg your pardon ? " ask Phineas Nigellus . " Professor Dumbledore 's portrait—could n't you bring him along , here , into yours ? " Phineas Nigellus turn his face in the direction of Harry 's voice . " evidently it be not only Muggle-borns who be ignorant , Potter . the portrait of Hogwarts may commune with each other , but they can travel outside of the castle except to visit a painting of themselves elsewhere . Dumbledore can come here with me , and after the treatment I have receive at your hand , I can assure you that I will not be make a return visit ! " slightly crestfallen , Harry watch Phineas redouble his attempt to leave his frame . " Professor Black , " say Hermione , " could n't you just tell us , please , when be the last time the sword be take out of its case ? before Ginny take it out , I mean ? " Phineas snort impatiently . " I believe that the last time I see the sword of Gryffindor leave its case be when Professor Dumbledore use it to break open a ring . " Hermione whip around to look at Harry . neither of them dare say more in front of Phineas Nigellus , who have at least manage to locate the exit . " well , good night to you , " he say a little waspishly , and he begin to move out of sight again . only the edge of his hat brim remain in view when Harry give a sudden shout . " wait ! have you tell Snape you see this ? " Phineas Nigellus stick his blindfolded head back into the picture . " Professor Snape have more important thing on his mind that the many eccentricity of Albus Dumbledore . Good-bye , Potter ! " and with that , he vanish completely , leave behind him nothing but his murky backdrop . " Harry ! " Hermione cry . " I know ! " Harry shout . unable to contain himself , he punch the air ; it be more than he have dare to hope for . he stride up and down the tent , feel that he could have run a mile ; he do not even feel hungry anymore . Hermione be squash Phineas Nigellus be back into the bead bag ; when she have fasten the clasp she throw the bag aside and raise a shine face to Harry . " the sword can destroy Horcruxes ! Goblin-made blade imbibe only that which strengthen them—Harry , that sword be impregnate with basilisk venom ! " " and Dumbledore do n't five it to me because he still need it , he want to use it on the locket - " " - and he must have realize they would n't let you have it if he put it in his will - " " - so he make a copy - " " - and put a fake in the glass case - " " - and he leave the real one—where ? " they gaze at east other Harry feel that the answer be dangle invisibly in the air above them , tantalizingly close . why have n't Dumbledore tell him ? or have he , in fact , tell Harry , but Harry have not realize it at the time ? " " think ! " whisper Hermione . " think ! where would he have leave it ? " " not at Hogwarts , " say Harry , resume his pace . " somewhere in Hogsmeade ? " suggest Hermione . " the Shrieking Shack ? " say Harry . " nobody ever go in there . " " but Snape know how to get in , would n't that be a bit risky ? " " Dumbledore trust Snape , " Harry remind her . " not enough to tell him that he have swap the sword , " say Hermione . " yeah , you be right ! " say Harry , and he feel even more cheer at the thought that Dumbledore have have some reservation , however faint , about Snape 's trustworthiness . " so , would he have hide the sword well away from Hogsmeade , then ? what d'you reckon , Ron ? Ron ? " Harry look around . for one bewilder moment he think that Ron have leave the tent , then realize that Ron be lie in the shadow of a bunk , look stony . " oh , remember me , have you ? " he say . " what ? " Ron snort as he stare up at the underside of the upper bunk . " you two carry on . do n't let me spoil your fun . " perplex , Harry look to Hermione for help , but she shake her head , apparently as nonplus as he be . " what be the problem ? " ask Harry . " problem ? there be no problem , " say Ron , still refuse to look at Harry . " not accord to you , anyways . " there be several plunk on the canvas over their head . it have start to rain . " well , you have obviously get a problem , " say Harry . " spit it out , will you ? " Ron swing his long leg off the bed and sit up . he look mean , unlike himself . " all right , I will spit it out . do n't expect me to skip up and down the tent because there be some other damn thing we have get to find . just add it to the list of stuff you do n't know . " " I do n't know ? " repeat Harry . " I do n't know ? " Plunk , plunk , plunk . the rain be fall hard and heavy ; it patter on the leaf-strewn bank all around them and into the river chatter through the dark . dread douse Harry 's jubilation ; Ron be say exactly what he have suspect and fear him to be think . " it be not like I be not have the time of my life here , " say Ron , " you know , with my arm mangle and nothing to eat and freeze my backside off every night . I just hope , you know , after we have be run around a few week , we will have achieve something . " " Ron , " Hermione say , but in such a quiet voice that Ron could pretend not to have hear it over the loud tattoo the rain be beat on the tent . " I think you know what you have sign up for , " say Harry . " yeah , I think I do too . " " so what part of it be n't live up to your expectation ? " ask Harry . anger be come to his defense now . " do you think we will be stay in five-star hotel ? find a Horcrux every other day ? do you think you will be back to Mummy by Christmas ? " " we think you know what you be do ! " shout Ron , stand up , and his word Harry like scald knife . " we think Dumbledore have tell you what to do , we think you have a real plan ! " " Ron ! " say Hermione , this time clearly audible over the rain thunder on the tent roof , but again , he ignore her . " well , sorry to let you down , " say Harry , his voice quite calm even though he feel hollow , inadequate . " I have be straight with you from the start . I tell you everything Dumbledore tell me . and in the case you have n't notice , we have find one Horcrux - " " Yeah , and we be about as near get rid of it as we be to find the rest of them—nowhere eff near in other word . " " take off the locket , Ron , " Hermione say , her voice unusually high . " please take it off . you would n't be talk like this if you have n't be wear it all day . " " yeah , he would , " say Harry , who do not want excuse make for Ron . " D'you think I have n't notice the two of you whisper behind my back ? D'you think I do n't guess you be think this stuff ? " Harry , we be n't - " " do n't lie ! " Ron hurl at her . " you say it too , you say you be disappoint , you say you will think he have a bit more to go on than - " " I do n't say it like that—Harry , I do n't ! " she cry . the rain be pound the tent , tear be pour down Hermione 's face , and the excitement of a few minute before have vanish as if it have never be , a short-lived firework that have flare and die , leave everything dark , wet , and cold . the sword of Gryffindor be hide they know not where , and their be three teenager in a tent whose only achievement be not , yet , to be dead . " so why be you still here ? " Harry ask Ron . " search me , " say Ron . " go home then , " say Harry . " yeah , maybe I will ! " shout Ron , and he take several step toward Harry , who do not back away . " do n't you hear what they say about my sister ? but you do n't give a rat 's fart , do you , it be only the Forbidden Forest , Harry I've-Faced-Worse Potter do n't care what happen to her in there—well , I do , all right , giant spider and mental stuff - " " I be only saying—she be with the other , they be with Hagrid - " " Yeah , I get it , you do n't care ! and what about the rest of my family , ' the Weasleys do n't need another kid injure , ' do you hear that ? " " yeah , I - " " not bother what it mean , though ? " " Ron ! " say Hermione , force her way between them . " I do n't think it mean anything new have happen , anything we do n't know about ; think , Ron , Bill 's already scare , plenty of people must have see that George have lose an ear by now , and you be suppose to be on your deathbed with spattergroit , I be sure that be all he mean - " " oh , you be sure , be you ? right then , well , I wo n't bother myself about them . it be all right for you , be n't it , with your parent safely out of the way - " " my parent be dead ! " Harry bellow . " and mine could be go the same way ! " yell Ron . " then Go ! " roar Harry . " go back to them , pretend you be get over your spattergroit and Mummy will be able to feed you up and - " Ron make a sudden movement : Harry react , but before either wand be clear of its owner 's pocket , Hermione have raise her own . " Prestego ! " she cry , and an invisible shield expand between her and Harry on the one side and Ron on the other ; all of them be force backward a few step by the strength of the spell , and Harry and Ron glare from either side of the transparent barrier as though they be see each other clearly for the first time . Harry feel a corrosive hatred toward Ron : something have break between them . " leave the Horcrux , " Harry say . Ron wrench the chain from over his head and cast the locket into a nearby chair . he turn to Hermione . " what be you do ? " " what do you mean ? " " be you stay , or what ? " " I . . . " she look anguish . " Yes—yes , I be stay . Ron , we say we will go with Harry , we say we will help - " " I get it . you choose him . " " Ron , no—please—come back , come back ! " she be impede by her own Shield Charm ; by the time she have remove it he have already storm into the night . Harry stand quite still and silent , listen to her sob and call Ron 's name amongst the tree . after a few minute she return , her sopping hair plaster to her face . " he be g-g-gone ! Disapparated ! " she throw herself into a chair , curl up , and start to cry . Harry feel daze . he stoop , pick up the Horcrux , and place it around his own neck . he drag blanket off Ron 's bunk and throw them over Hermione . then he climb onto his own bed and stare up at the dark canvas roof , listen to the pound of the rain . Chapter Sixteen Godric 's Hollow when Harry wake the follow day it be several second before he remember what have happen . then he hope childishly , that it have be a dream , that Ron be still there and have never leave . yet by turn his head on his pillow he could see Ron 's desert bunk . it be like a dead body in the way it seem to draw his eye . Harry jump down from his own bed , keep his eye avert from Ron 's . Hermione , who be already busy in the kitchen , do not wish Harry good morning , but turn her face away quickly as he go by . he be go , Harry tell himself . he be go . he have to keep think it as he wash and dress as though repetition would dull the shock of it . he be go and he be not come back . and that be the simple truth of it , Harry know , because their protective enchantment mean that it would be impossible , once they vacate this spot , for Ron to find them again . he and Hermione eat breakfast in silence . Hermione 's eye be puffy and red ; she look as if she have not sleep . they pack up their thing , Hermione dawdle . Harry know why she want to spin out their time on the riverbank ; several time he see her look up eagerly , and he be sure she have delude herself into think that she hear footstep through the heavy rain , but no red-haired figure appear between the tree . every time Harry imitate her , look around ( for he could not help hope a little , himself ) and see nothing but rain-swept wood , another little parcel of fury explode inside him . he could hear Ron say , " we think you know what you be do ! " , and he resume pack with a hard knot in the pit of his stomach . the muddy river beside them be rise rapidly and would soon spill over onto their bank . they have linger a good hour after they would usually have depart their campsite . finally have entirely repacked the bead bag three time , Hermione seem unable to find any more reason to delay : she and Harry gasp hand and Disapparated , reappear on a windswept heather-covered hillside . the instant they arrive , Hermione drop Harry 's hand and walk away from him , finally sit down on a large rock , her face on her knee , shake with what he know be sob . he watch her , suppose that he ought to go and comfort her , but something keep him root to the spot . everything inside him feel cold and tight : again he see the contemptuous expression on Ron 's face . Harry stride off through the heather , walk in a large circle with the distraught Hermione at its center , cast the spell she usually perform to ensure their protection . they do not discuss Ron at all over the next few day . Harry be determine never to mention his name again and Hermione seem to know that it be no use force the issue , although sometimes at night when she think he be sleep , he would hear her crying . meanwhile Harry have start bring out the Marauder 's map and examine it by wandlight . he be wait for the moment when Ron 's label dot would reappear in the corridor of Hogwarts , prove that he have return to the comfortable castle , protect by his status of pureblood . however , Ron do not appear on the map and after a while Harry find himself take it out simply to stare at Ginny 's name in the girl 's dormitory , wonder whether the intensity with which he gaze at it might break into her sleep , that she would somehow know he be think about her , hope that she be all right . by day , hey devote themselves to try to determine the possible location of Gryffindor 's sword , but the more they talk about the place in which Dumbledore might have hide it , the more desperate and far-fetched their speculation become . cudgel his brain though he might , Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever mention a place in which he might hide something . there be moment when he do not know whether he be angry with Ron or with Dumbledore . we think you know what you be do ... we think Dumbledore have tell you what to do ... we think you have a real plan ! he could not hide it from himself : Ron have be right . Dumbledore have leave him with virtually nothing . they have discover one Horcrux , but they have no means of destroy it : the other be as unattainable as they have ever be . hopelessness threaten to engulf him . he be stagger now to think of his own presumption in accept his friend ' offer to accompany him on this meander , pointless journey . he know nothing , he have no idea , and he be constantly , painfully on the alert for any indication that Hermione too be about to tell him that she have have enough . that she be leave . they be spend many evening in near silence and Hermione take to bring out Phineas Nigellus 's portrait and prop it up in a chair , as though he might fill part of the gape hole leave by Ron 's departure . despite his previous assertion that he would never visit them again , Phineas Nigellus do not seem able to resist the chance to find out more about what Harry be up to and consent to reappear , blindfolded , every few day of so . Harry be even glad to see him , because he be company , albeit of a snide and taunt kind . they relish any news about what be happen at Hogwarts , though Phineas Nigellus be not an ideal informer . he venerate Snape , the first Slytherin headmaster since he himself have control the school , and they have to be careful not to criticize or ask impertinent question about Snape , or Phineas Nigellus would instantly leave his painting . however , he do let drop certain snippet . Snape seem to be face a constant , low level of mutiny from a hard core of student . Ginny have be ban from go into Hogsmeade . Snape have reinstate Umbridge 's old decree forbid gathering of three or more student or any unofficial student society . from all of these thing , Harry deduce that Ginny , and probably Neville and Luna along with her , have be do their good to continue Dumbledore 's Army . this scant news make Harry want to see Ginny so badly it feel like a stomachache ; but it also make him think of Ron again , and of Dumbledore , and of Hogwarts itself , which he miss nearly as much as his ex-girlfriend . indeed , as Phineas Niggellus talk about Snape 's crackdown , Harry experience a split second of madness when he imagine simply go back to school to join the destabilization of Snape 's regime : be feed and have a soft bad , and other people be in charge , seem the most wonderful prospect in the world at this moment . but then he remember that he be undesirable Number one , that there be a ten-thousand Galleon price on his head , and that to walk into Hogwarts these day be just as dangerous as walk into the Ministry of Magic . indeed , Phineas Nigellus inadvertently emphasize this fact my slip in lead question about Harry and Hermione 's whereabouts . Hermione shove him back inside the bead bag every time he do this , and Phineas Nigellus invariably refuse to reappear for several day after these unceremonious good-byes . the weather grow cold and cold . they do not dare remain in any area too long , so rather than stay in the south of England , where a hard ground frost be the bad of their worry , they continue to meander up and down the country , brave a mountainside , where sleet pound the tent ; a wide , flat marsh , where the tent be flood with chill water ; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch , where snow half bury the tent in the night . they have already spot Christmas Trees twinkling from several sit room window before there come an evening when Harry resolve to suggest again , what seem to him the only unexplored avenue leave to them . they have just eat an unusually good meal : Hermione have be to a supermarket under the Invisibility Cloak ( scrupulously drop the money into an open till as she leave ) , and Harry think that she might be more persuadable than usual on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pear . he have also have the foresight to suggest that they take a few hour ' break from wear the Horcrux , which be hang over the end of the bunk beside him . " Hermione ? " " hmm ? " she be curl up in one of the sag armchair with the Tales of Beedle the Bard . he could not imagine how much more she could get out of the book , which be not , after all , very long , but evidently she be still decipher something in it , because Spellman 's Syllabary lie open on the arm of the chair . Harry clear his throat . he feel exactly as he have do on the occasion , several year previously , when he have ask Professor McGonagall whether he could go into Hogsmeade , despite the fact that he have not persuade the Dursley to sign his permission slip . " Hermione , I have be think , and - " " Harry , could you help me with something ? " apparently she have not be listen to him . she lean forward and hold out the Tales of Beedle the Bard . " look at that symbol , " she say , point to the top of a page . above what Harry assume be the title of the story ( be unable to read rune , he could not be sure ) , there be a picture of what look like a triangular eye , its pupil cross with a vertical line . " I never take Ancient Runes , Hermione . " " I know that ; but it be n't a rune and it be not in the syllabary , either . all along I think it be a picture of an eye , but I do n't think it be ! it have be ink in , look , somebody have draw it there , it be n't really part of the book . think , have you ever see it before ? " " no . . . no , wait a moment . " Harry look closer . " be n't it the same symbol Luna 's dad be wear around his neck ? " " well , that be what I think too ! " " then it be Grindelwald 's mark . " she stare at him , openmouthed . " what ? " " Krum tell me . . . " he recount the story that Viktor Krum have tell him at the wedding . Hermione look astonish . " Grindelwald 's mark ? " she look from Harry to the weird symbol and back again . " I have never hear that Grindelwald have a mark . there be no mention of it in anything I have ever read about him . " " well , like I say , Krum reckon that symbol be carve on a wall at Durmstrang , and Grindelwald put it there . " she fall back into the old armchair , frown . " that be very odd . if it be a symbol of Dark Magic , what be it do in a book of child 's story ? " " yeah , it be weird , " say Harry . " and you will think Scrimgeour would have recognize it . he be Minister , he ought to have be expert on dark stuff . " " I know . . . . perhaps he think it be an eye , just like I do . all the other story have little picture over the title . " she do not speak , but continue to pore over the strange mark . Harry try again . " Hermione ? " " hmm ? " " I have be think . I - I want to go to Godric 's Hollow . " she look up at him , but her eye be unfocused , and he be sure she be still think about the mysterious mark on the book . " yes , " she say . " yes , I have be wonder that too . I really think we will have to . " " do you hear me right ? " he ask . " of course I do . you want to go to Godric 's Hollow . I agree . I think we should . I mean , I ca n't think of anywhere else it could be either . it will be dangerous , but the more I think about it , the more likely it seem it be there . " " er - there ? " ask Harry . at that , she look just as bewilder as he feel . " well , the sword , Harry ! Dumbledore must have know you will want to go back there , and I mean , Godric 's Hollow be Godric Gryffindor 's birthplace - " " really ? Gryffindor come from Godric 's Hollow ? " " Harry , do you ever even open a history of Magic ? " " erm , " he say , smile for what feel like the first time in month : the muscle in his face feel oddly stiff . " I might have open it , you know , when I buy it . . . just the once . . . . " " well , as the village be name after him I will have think you might have make the connection , " say Hermione . she sound much more like her old self than she have do of late ; Harry half expect her to announce that she be off to the library . " there be a bit about the village in a history of Magic , wait . . . " she open the bead bag and rummage for a while , finally extract her copy of their old school textbook , a history of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot , which she thumb through until find the page she want . " ' upon the signature of the International Statute of Secrecy in @card@ , wizard go into hiding for good . it be natural , perhaps , that they form their own small community within a community . many small village and hamlet attract several magical family , who band together for mutual support and protection . the village of Tinworsh in Cornwall , Upper Flagley in Yorkshire , and Ottery St. Catchpole on the south coast of England be notable home to knot of Wizarding family who live alongside tolerant and sometimes Confunded Muggles . most celebrate of these half-magical dwelling place be , perhaps , Godric 's Hollow , the West country village where the great wizard Godric Gryffindor be bear , and where Bowman Wright , Wizarding smith , forge the first Golden Snitch . the graveyard be full of the name of ancient magical family , and this account , no doubt , for the story of hauntings that have dog the little church beside it for many century . ' " you and your parent be n't mention . " Hermione say , close the book , " because Professor Bagshot do n't cover anything later than the end of the nineteenth century . but you see ? Godric 's Hollow , Godric Gryffindor , Gryffindor 's sword ; do n't you think Dumbledore would have expect you to make the connection ? " " oh yeah . . . " Harry do not want to admit that he have not be think about the sword at all when he suggest they go to Godric 's Hollow . for him , the lore of the village lie in his parent ' grave , the house where he have narrowly escape death , and in the person of Bathilda Bagshot . " remember what Muriel say ? " he ask eventually . " who ? " " you know , " he hesitate . he do not want to say Ron 's name . " Ginny 's greataunt . at the wedding . the one who say you have skinny ankle . " " oh , " say Hermione . it be a sticky moment : Harry know that she have sense Ron 's name in the offing . he rush on : " she say Bathilda Bagshot still live in Godric 's Hollow . " " Bathilda Bagshot , " murmur Hermione , run her index finger over Bathilda 's emboss name on the front cover of a history of Magic . " well , I suppose - " she gasp so dramatically that Harry 's inside turn over ; he draw his wand , look around at the entrance , half expect to see a hand force its way through the entrance flap , but there be nothing there . " what ? " he say , half angry , half relieve . " what do you do that for ? I think you have see a Death Eater unzip the tent , at least - " " Harry , what if Bathilda 's get the sword ? what if Dumbledore entrust it to her ? " Harry consider this possibility . Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by now , and accord to Muriel , she be " gaga . " be it likely that Dumbledore would have hide the sword of Gryffindor with her ? if so , Harry feel that Dumbledore have leave a great deal to chance : Dumbledore have never reveal that he have replace the sword with a fake , nor have he so much as mention a friendship with Bathilda . now , however , be not the moment to cast doubt on Hermione 's theory , not when she be so surprisingly willing to fall in with Harry 's dear wish . " yeah , he might have do ! so , be we go to go to Godric 's Hollow ? " " yes , but we will have to think it through carefully , Harry . " she be sit up now , and Harry could tell that the prospect of have a plan again have lift her mood as much as his . " we will need to practice Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for a start , and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would be sensible too , unless you think we should go the whole hog and use Polyjuice Potion ? in that case we will need to collect hair from somebody . I actually think we will well do that , Harry , the thick our disguise the well . . . . " Harry let her talk , nod and agree whenever there be a pause , but his mind have leave the conversation . for the first time since he have discover that the sword in Gringotts be a fake , he feel excited . he be about to go home , about to return to the place where he have have a family . it be in Godric 's Hollow that , but for Voldemort , he would have grow up and spend every school holiday . he could have invite friend to his house . . . . he might even have have brother and sister . . . . it would have be his mother who have make his seventeenth birthday cake . the life he have lose have hardly ever seem so real to him as at this moment , when he know he be about to see the place where it have be take from him . after Hermione have go to bed that night , Harry quietly extract his rucksack from Hermione 's bead bag , and from inside it , the photograph album Hagrid have give him so long ago . for the first time in month , he peruse the old picture of his parent , smile and wave up at him from the image , which be all he have leave of them now . Harry would gladly have set out for Godric 's Hollow the follow day , but Hermione have other idea . convince as she be that Voldemort would expect Harry to return to the scene of his parent ' death , she be determine that they would set off only after they have ensure that they have the good disguise possible . it be therefore a full week later - once they have surreptitiously obtain hair from innocent Muggles who be Christmas shopping , and have practice Apparating and Disapparating while underneath the Invisibility Cloak together - that Hermione agree to make the journey . they be to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness , so it be late afternoon when they finally swallow Polyjuice Potion , Harry transform into a balding , middle-aged Muggle man , Hermione into his small and rather mousy wife . the bead bag contain all of their possession ( apart from the Horcrux , which Harry be wear around his neck ) be tuck into an inside pocket of Hermione 's buttoned-up coat . Harry lower the Invisibility Cloak over them , then they turn into the suffocate darkness once again . heart beating in his throat , Harry open his eye . they be stand hand in hand in a snowy lane under a dark blue sky , in which the night 's first star be already glimmer feebly . cottage stand on either side of the narrow road , Christmas decoration twinkle in their window . a short way ahead of them , a glow of golden streetlight indicate the center of the village . " all this snow ! " Hermione whisper beneath the cloak . " why do n't we think of snow ? after all our precaution , we will leave print ! we will just have to get rid of them - you go in front , I will do it - " Harry do not want to enter the village like a pantomime horse , try to keep themselves conceal while magically cover their trace . " let be take off the Cloak , " say Harry , and when she look frighten , " oh , come on , we do n't look like us and there be no one around . " he stow the Cloak under his jacket and they make their way forward unhamper , the icy air sting their face as they pass more cottage . any one of them might have be the one in which James and Lily have once live or where Bathilda live now . Harry gaze at the front door , their snow-burdened roof , and their front porch , wonder whether he remember any of them , know deep inside that it be impossible , that he have be little more than a year old when he have leave this place forever . he be not even sure whether he would be able to see the cottage at all ; he do not know what happen when the subject of a Fidelius Charm die . then the little lane along which they be walk curve to the left and the heart of the village , a small square , be reveal to them . string all around with color light , there be what look like a war memorial in the middle , partly obscure by a windblown Christmas tree . there be several shop , a post office , a pub , and a little church whose stained-glass window be glow jewelbright across the square . the snow here have become impact : it be hard and slippery where people have tread on it all day . villager be crisscross in front of them , their figure briefly illuminate by streetlamp . they hear a snatch of laughter and pop music as the pub door open and close ; then they hear a carol start up inside the little church . " Harry , I think it be Christmas Eve ! " say Hermione . " be it ? " he have lose track of the date ; they have not see a newspaper for week . " I be sure it be , " say Hermione , her eye upon the church . " they . . . they will be in there , wo n't they ? your mum and dad ? I can see the graveyard behind it . " Harry feel a thrill of something that be beyond excitement , more like fear . now that he be so near , he wonder whether he want to see after all . perhaps Hermione know how he be feel , because she reach for his hand and take the lead for the first time , pull him forward . halfway across the square , however , she stop dead . " Harry , look ! " she be point at the war memorial . as they have pass it , it have transform . instead of an obelisk cover in name , there be a statue of three people : a man with untidy hair and glass , a woman with long hair and a kind , pretty face , and a baby boy sit in his mother 's arm . Snow lie upon all their head , like fluffy white cap . Harry draw closer , gaze up into his parent ' face . he have never imagine that there would be a statue . . . . how strange it be to see himself represent in stone , a happy baby without a scar on his forehead . . . . " C'mon , " say Harry , when he have look his fill , and they turn again toward the church . as they cross the road , he glance over his shoulder ; the statue have turn back into the war memorial . the singing grow loud as they approach the church . it make Harry 's throat constrict , it remind him so forcefully of Hogwarts , of Peeves bellow rude version of carol from inside suit of armor , of the Great Hall 's twelve Christmas tree , of Dumbledore wear a bonnet he have win in a cracker , of Ron in a hand-knit sweater . . . . there be a kiss gate at the entrance to the graveyard . Hermione push it open as quietly as possible and they edge through it . on either side of the slippery path to the church door , the snow lie deep and untouched . they move off through the snow , carve deep trench behind them as they walk around the building , keep to the shadow beneath the brilliant window . behind the church , row upon row of snowy tombstone protrude from a blanket of pale blue that be fleck with dazzling red , gold , and green wherever the reflection from the stain glass hit the snow . keep his hand close tightly on the wand in his jacket pocket , Harry move toward the near grave . " look at this , it be an Abbott , could be some long-lost relation of Hannah 's ! " " keep your voice down , " Hermione beg him . they wade deep and deep into the graveyard , gouge dark track into the snow behind them , stoop to peer at the word on old headstone , every now and then squint into the surround darkness to make absolutely sure that they be unaccompanied . " Harry , here ! " Hermione be two row of tombstone away ; he have to wade back to her , his heart positively bang in his chest . " be it - ? " " no , but look ! " she point to the dark stone . Harry stoop down and see , upon the frozen , lichen-spotted granite , the word Kendra Dumbledore and , a short way down her date of birth and death , and her Daughter Ariana . there be also a quotation : where your treasure be , there will your heart be also . so Rita Skeeter and Muriel have get some of their fact right . the Dumbledore family have indeed live here , and part of it have die here . see the grave be bad than hearing about it . Harry could not help think that he and Dumbledore both have deep root in this graveyard , and that Dumbledore ought to have tell him so , yet he have never think to share the connection . they could have visit the place together ; for a moment Harry imagine come here with Dumbledore , of what a bond that would have be , of how much it would have mean to him . but it seem that to Dumbledore , the fact that their family lie side by side in the same graveyard have be an unimportant coincidence , irrelevant , perhaps , to the job he want Harry to do . Hermione be look at Harry , and he be glad that his face be hide in shadow . he read the word on the tombstone again . where your treasure be , there will your heart be also . he do not understand what these word mean . surely Dumbledore have choose them , as the eldest member of the family once his mother have die . " be you sure he never mention - ? " Hermione begin . " no , " say Harry curtly , then , " let be keep look , " and he turn away , wish he have not see the stone : he do not want his excited trepidation taint with resentment . " here ! " cry Hermione again a few moment later from out of the darkness . " oh no , sorry ! I think it say Potter . " she be rub at a crumble , mossy stone , gaze down at it , a little frown on her face . " Harry , come back a moment . " he do not want to be sidetrack again , and only grudgingly make his way back through the snow toward her . " what ? " " look at this ! " the grave be extremely old , weathered so that Harry could hardly make out the name . Hermione show him the symbol beneath it . " Harry , that be the mark in the book ! " he peer at the place she indicate : the stone be so wear that it be hard to make out what be engrave there , though there do seem to be a triangular mark beneath the nearly illegible name . " yeah . . . it could be . . . . " Hermione light her wand and point it at the name on the headstone . " it say Ig - Ignotus , I think . . . . " " I be go to keep look for my parent , all right ? " Harry tell her , a slight edge to his voice , and he set off again , leave her crouch beside the old grave . every now and then he recognize a surname that , like Abbott , he have meet at Hogwarts . sometimes there be several generation of the same Wizarding family represent in the graveyard : Harry could tell from the date that it have either die out , or the current member have move away from Godric 's Hollow . deep and deep amongst the grave he go , and every time he reach a new headstone he feel a little lurch of apprehension and anticipation . the darkness and the silence seem to become , all of a sudden , much deep . Harry look around , worried , think of dementors , then realize that the carol have finish , that the chatter and flurry of churchgoer be fade away as they make their way back into the square . somebody inside the church have just turn off the light . then Hermione 's voice come out of the blackness for the third time , sharp and clear from a few yard away . " Harry , they be here . . . right here . " and he know by her tone that it be his mother and father this time : he move toward her , feel as if something heavy be press on his chest , the same sensation he have have right after Dumbledore have die , a grief that have actually weigh on his heart and lung . the headstone be only two row behind Kendra and Ariana 's . it be make of white marble , just like Dumbledore 's tomb , and this make it easy to read , as it seem to shine in the dark . Harry do not need to kneel or even approach very close to it to make out the word engrave upon it . JAMESPOTTER LILYPOTTER Born @card@ march @card@ DIED @card@ October @card@ BORN @card@ January @card@ DIED @card@ October @card@ the last enemy that shall be destroy be death . Harry read the word slowly , as though he would have only one chance to take in their meaning , and he read the last of them aloud . " ' the last enemy that shall be defeat be death ' . . . " a horrible thought come to him , and with a kind of panic . " be n't that a Death Eater idea ? why be that there ? " " it do n't mean defeat death in the way the death eater mean it , Harry , " say Hermione , her voice gentle . " it mean . . . you know . . . live beyond death . live after death . " but they be not live , think Harry . they be go . the empty word could not disguise the fact that his parent ' molder remains lie beneath snow and stone , indifferent , unknowing . and tear come before he could stop them , boil hot then instantly freeze on his face , and what be the point in wipe them off or pretend ? he let them fall , his lip press hard together , look down at the thick snow hiding from his eye the place where the last of Lily and James lie , bone now , surely , or dust , not know or care that their living son stand so near , his heart still beat , alive because of their sacrifice and close to wish , at this moment , that he be sleep under the snow with them . Hermione have take his hand again and be grip it tightly . he could not look at her , but return the pressure , now take deep , sharp gulp of the night air , try to steady himself , try to regain control . he should have bring something o give them , and he have not think of it , and every plant in the graveyard be leafless and frozen . but Hermione raise her wand , move it in a circle through the air , and a wreath of Christmas rose blossom before them . Harry catch it and lay it on his parent ' grave . as soon as he stand up he want to leave : he do not think he could stand another moment there . he put his arm around Hermione 's shoulder , and she put hers around his waist , and they turn in silence and walk away through the snow , past Dumbledore 's mother and sister , back toward the dark church and the out-of-sight kissing gate . Chapter Seventeen Bathilda 's secret " Harry , stop . " " what be wrong ? " they have only just reach the grave of the unknown Abbott . " there be someone there . someone watch us . I can tell . there , over by the bush . " they stand quite still , hold on to each other , gaze at the dense black boundary of the graveyard . Harry could not see anything . " be you sure ? " " I see something move . I could have swear I do ... " she break from him to free her wand arm . " we look like Muggles , " Harry point out . " Muggles who have just be lay flower on your parent ' grave ? Harry , I be sure there be someone over there ! " Harry think of a history of Magic ; the graveyard be suppose to be haunt ; what if -- ? but then he hear a rustle and see a little eddy of dislodge snow in the bush to which Hermione have point . ghost could not move snow . " it be a cat , " say Harry , after a second or two , " or a bird . if it be a Death Eater we will be dead by now . but let be get out of here , and we can put the Cloak back on . " they glance back repeatedly as they make their way out of the graveyard . Harry , who do not feel as sanguine as he have pretend when reassuring Hermione , be glad to reach the gate and the slippery pavement . they pull the Invisibility Cloak back over themselves . the pub be full than before . many voice inside it be now sing the carol that they have hear as they approach the church . for a moment , Harry consider suggest they take refuge inside it , but before he could say anything Hermione murmur , " let be go this way , " and pull him down the dark street lead out of the village in the opposite direction from which they have enter . Harry could make out the point where the cottage end and the lane turn into open country again . they walk as quickly as they dare , past more window sparkling with multicolored light , the outline of Christmas tree dark through the curtain . " how be we go to find Bathilda 's house ? " ask Hermione , who be shiver a little and keep glance back over her shoulder . " Harry ? what do you think ? Harry ? " she tug at this arm , but Harry be not pay attention . he be look toward the dark mass that stand at the very end of this row of house . next moment he speed up , drag Hermione along with him , she slip a little on the ice . " Harry -- " " look ... look at it , Hermione ... " " I do n't ... oh ! " he could see it ; the Fidelius Charm must have die with James and Lily . the hedge have grow wild in the sixteen year since Hagrid have take Harry from the rubble that lie scattered amongst the waist-high grass . most of the cottage be still stand , though entirely cover in the dark ivy and snow , but the right side of the top floor have be blow apart ; that , Harry be sure , be where the curse have backfire . he and Hermione stand at the gate , gaze up at the wreck of what must once have be a cottage just like those that flank it . " I wonder why nobody be ever rebuild it ? " whisper Hermione . " maybe you ca n't rebuild it ? " Harry reply . " maybe it be like the injury from Dark Magic and you ca n't repair the damage ? " he slip a hand from beneath the Cloak and grasp the snowy and thickly rust gate , not wish to open it , but simply so he have some part of the house . " you be not go to go inside ? it look unsafe , it might -- oh , Harry , look ! " his touch on the gate seem to have do it . a sign have rise out of the ground in front of them , up thorough the tangle of nettle and weed , like some bizarre , fast-growing flower , and in golden letter upon the wood it say : on this spot , on this night of @card@ October @card@ , Lily and James Potter lose their life . their son , Harry , remain the only wizard ever to have survive the Killing Curse . this house , invisible to Muggles , have be leave in its ruin state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tear apart their family . and all around these neatly letter word , scribble have be add by other witch and wizard who have come to see the place where the Boy who Lived have escape . some have merely sign their name in everlasting Ink ; other have carve their initial into the wood , still other have leave message . the most recent of these , shine brightly over sixteen year ' worth of magical graffito , all say similar thing . good luck , Harry , wherever you be . if you read this , Harry , we be all behind you ! long live Harry Potter . " they should n't have write on the sign ! " say Hermione , indignant . but Harry beam at her . " it be brilliant . I be glad they do . I ... " he break off . a heavily muffle figure be hobble up the lane toward them , silhouette by the bright light in the distant square . Harry think , though it be hard to judge , that the figure be a woman . she be move slowly , possibly frighten of slip on the snowy ground . her stoop , her stoutness , her shuffling gait all give an impression of extreme age . they watch in silence as she draw near . Harry be wait to see whether she would turn into any of the cottage she be pass , but he know instinctively that she would not . at last she come to a halt a few yard from them and simply stand there in the middle of the frozen road , face them . he do not need Hermione 's pinch to his arm . there be next to no chance that this woman be a Muggle : she be stand there gaze at a house that ought to have be completely invisible to her , if she be not a witch . even assume that she be a witch , however , it be odd behavior to come out on a night this cold , simply to look at an old ruin . by all the rule of normal magic , meanwhile , she ought not to be able to see Hermione and him at all . nevertheless , Harry have the strange feeling that she know that they be there , and also who they be . just as he have reach this uneasy conclusion , she raise a glove hand and beckon . Hermione move closer to him under the Cloak , her arm press against his . " how do she know ? " he shake his head . the woman beckon again , more vigorously . Harry could think of many reason not to obey the summons , and yet his suspicion about her identity be grow stronger every moment that they stand face each other in the desert street . be it possible that she have be wait for them all these long month ? that Dumbledore have tell her to wait , and that Harry would come in the end ? be it not likely that it be she who have move in the shadow in the graveyard and have follow them to this spot ? even her ability to sense them suggest some Dumbledore-ish power that he have never encounter before . finally Harry speak , cause Hermione to gasp and jump . " be you Bathilda ? " the muffle figure nod and beckon again . beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione look at each other . Harry raise his eyebrow ; Hermione give a tiny , nervous nod . they step toward the woman and , at once , she turn and hobble off back the way they have come . lead them past several house , she turn in at a gate . they follow her up the front path through a garden nearly as overgrow as the one they have just leave . she fumble for a moment with a key at the front door , then open it and step back to let them pass . she smell bad , or perhaps it be her house ; Harry wrinkle his nose as they sidle past her and pull off the Cloak . now that he be beside her , he realize how tiny she be ; bow down with age , she come barely level with his chest . she close the door behind them , her knuckle blue and mottle against the peeling paint , then turn and peer into Harry 's face . her eye be thick with cataract and sink into fold of transparent skin , and her whole face be dot with break vein and liver spot . he wonder whether she could make him out at all ; even if she could , it be the balding Muggle whose identity he have steal that she would see . the odor of old age , of dust , of unwashed clothes and stale food intensify as the unwind a moth-eaten black shawl , reveal a head of scant white hair through which the scalp show clearly . " Bathilda ? " Harry repeat . she nod again . Harry become aware of the locket against his skin ; the thing inside it that sometimes tick or beat have wake ; he could feel it pulse through the cold gold . do it know , could it sense , that the thing that would destroy it be near ? Bathilda shuffle past them , push Hermione aside as though she have not see her , and vanish into what seem to be a sit room . " Harry , I be not sure about this , " breathe Hermione . " look at the size of her , I think we could overpower her if we have to , " say Harry . " listen , I should have tell you , I know she be n't all there . Muriel call her ' gaga . ' " " come ! " call Bathilda from the next room . Hermione jump and clutch Harry 's arm . " it be okay , " say Harry reassuringly , and he lead the way into the sit room . Bathilda be totter around the place lighting candle , but it be still very dark , not to mention extremely dirty . thick dust crunch beneath their foot , and Harry 's nose detect , underneath the dank and mildew smell , something worse , like meat go bad . he wonder when be the last time anyone have be inside Bathilda 's house to check whether she be cope . she seem to have forget that she could do magic , too , for she light the candle clumsily by hand , her trail lace cuff in constant danger of catch fire . " let me do that , " offer Harry , and he take the match from her . she stand watch him as he finish light the candle stub that stand on saucer around the room , perch precariously on stack of book and on side table cram with cracked and moldy cup . the last surface on which Harry spot a candle be a bow-fronted chest of drawer on which there stand a large number of photograph . when the flame dance into life , its reflection waver on their dusty glass and silver . he see a few tiny movement from the picture . as Bathilda fumble with log for the fire , he mutter " Tergeo " : the dust vanish from the photograph , and he see at once that half a dozen be miss from the large and most ornate frame . he wonder whether Bathilda or somebody else have remove them . then the sight of a photograph near the back of the collection catch his eye , and he snatch it up . it be the golden-haired , merry-faced thief , the young man who have perch on Gregorovitch 's windowsill , smile lazily up at Harry out of the silver frame . and it come to Harry instantly where he have see the boy before : in the Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore , arm in arm with the teenage Dumbledore , and that must be where all the missing photograph be : in Rita 's book . " Mrs. -- Miss -- Bagshot ? " he say , and his voice shake slightly . " who be this ? " Bathilda be stand in the middle of the room watch Hermione light the fire for her . " Miss Bagshot ? " Harry repeat , and he advance with the picture in his hand as the flame burst into life in the fireplace . Bathilda look up at his voice , and the Horcrux beat faster upon his chest . " who be this person ? " Harry ask her , push the picture forward . she peer at it solemnly , then up at Harry . " do you know who this be ? " he repeat in a much slow and loud voice than usual . " this man ? do you know him ? what be he call ? " Bathilda merely look vague . Harry feel an awful frustration . how have Rita Skeeter unlock Bathilda 's memory ? " who be this man ? " he repeat loudly . " Harry , what area you do ? " ask Hermione . " this picture . Hermione , it be the thief , the thief who steal from Gregorovitch ! please ! " he say to Bathilda . " who be this ? " but she only stare at him . " why do you ask us to come with you , Mrs. - Miss -- Bagshot ? " ask Hermione , raise her own voice . " be there something you want to tell us ? " give no sign that she have hear Hermione , Bathilda now shuffle a few step closer to Harry . with a little jerk of her head she look back into the hall . " you want us to leave ? " he ask . she repeat the gesture , this time point firstly at him , then at herself , then at the ceiling . " oh , right ... Hermione , I think she want me to go upstairs with her . " " all right , " say Hermione , " let be go . " but when Hermione move , Bathilda shake her head with surprising vigor , once more point first at Harry , then to herself . " she want me to go with her , alone . " " why ? " ask Hermione , and her voice ring out sharp and clear in the candlelit room , the old lady shake her head a little at the loud noise . " maybe Dumbledore tell her to give the sword to me , and only to me ? " " do you really think she know who you be ? " " yes , " say Harry , look down into the milky eye fix upon his own . " I think she do . " " well , okay then , but be quick , Harry . " " lead the way , " Harry tell Bathilda . she seem to understand , because she shuffle around him toward the door . Harry glance back at Hermione with a reassuring smile , but he be not sure she have see it ; she stand hug herself in the midst of the candlelit squalor , look toward the bookcase . as Harry walk out of the room , unseen by both Hermione and Bathilda , he slip the silver-framed photograph of the unknown thief inside his jacket . the stair be steep and narrow ; Harry be half tempt to place his hand on stout Bathilda 's backside to ensure that she do not topple over backward on top of him , which seem only too likely . slowly , wheeze a little , she climb to the upper landing , turn immediately right , and lead him into a low-ceilinged bedroom . it be pitch-black and smell horrible : Harry have just make out a chamber pot protrude from under the bed before Bathilda close the door and even that be swallow by the darkness . " Lumos , " say Harry , and his wand ignite . he give a start : Bathilda have move close to him in those few second of darkness , and he have not hear her approach . " you be Potter ? " she whisper . " yes , I be . " she nod slowly , solemnly . Harry feel the Horcrux beating fast , fast than his own heart ; it be an unpleasant , agitate sensation . " have you get anything for me ? " Harry ask , but she seem distract by his light wandtip . " have you get anything for me ? " he repeat . then she close her eye and several thing happen at once : Harry 's scar prickle painfully ; the Horcrux twitch so that the front of his sweater actually move ; the dark , fetid room dissolve momentarily . he feel a leap of joy and speak in a high , cold voice : hold him ! Harry sway where he stand : the dark , foul-smell room seem to close around him again ; he do not know what have just happen . " have you get anything for me ? " he ask for a third time , much loud . " over here , " she whisper , point to the corner . Harry raise his wand and see the outline of a cluttered dressing table beneath the curtain window . this time she do not lead him . Harry edge between her and the unmade bed , his wand raise . he do not want to look away from her . " what be it ? " he ask as he reach the dress table , which be heap high with what look and smell like dirty laundry . " there , " she say , point at the shapeless mass . and in the instant that he look away , his eye take the tangled mess for a sword hilt , a ruby , she move weirdly : he see it out of the corner of his eye ; panic make him turn and horror paralyze him as he see the old body collapse and the great snake pour from the place where her neck have be . the snake strike as he raise his wand : the force of the bite to his forearm send the wand spin up toward the ceiling ; its light swing dizzyingly around the room and be extinguish ; then a powerful blow from the tail to his midriff knock the breath out of him : he fall backward onto the dress table , into the mound of filthy clothing -- he roll sideways , narrowly avoid the snake 's tail , which thrash down upon the table where he have be a second earlier . fragment of the glass surface rain upon him as he hit the floor . from below he hear Hermione call , " Harry ? " he could not get enough breath into his lung to call back : then a heavy smooth mass smash him to the floor and he feel it slide over him , powerful , muscular -- " no ! " he gasp , pin to the floor . " yes , " whisper the voice . " Yesss ... hold you ... hold you ... " " Accio ... Accio Wand ... " but nothing happen and he need his hand to try to force the snake from him as it coil itself around his torso , squeeze the air from him , press the Horcrux hard into his chest , a circle of ice that throb with life , inch from his own frantic heart , and his brain be flood with cold , white light , all thought obliterate , his own breath drowned , distant footstep , everything go ... a metal heart be bang outside his chest , and now he be fly , fly with triumph in his heart , without need of broomstick or thestral ... he be abruptly awake in the sour-smelling darkness ; Nagini have release him . he scramble up and see the snake outline against the landing light : it strike , and Hermione dive aside with a shriek ; her deflect curse hit the curtain window , which shatter . frozen air fill the room as Harry duck to avoid another shower of break glass and his foot slip on a pencil-like something -- his wand -- he bend and snatch it up , but now the room be full of the snake , its tail thrashing ; Hermione be nowhere to be see and for a moment Harry think the bad , but then there be a loud bang and a flash of red light , and the snake fly into the air , smack Harry hard in the face as it go , coil after heavy coil rise up to the ceiling . Harry raise his wand , but as he do so , his scar sear more painfully , more powerfully than it have do in year . " he be come ! Hermione , he be come ! " as he yell the snake fall , hiss wildly . everything be chaos : it smash shelf from the wall , and splinter china fly everywhere as Harry jump over the bed and seize the dark shape he know to be Hermione -- she shriek with pain as he pull her back across the bed : the snake rear again , but Harry know that bad than the snake be come , be perhaps already at the gate , his head be go to split open with the pain from his scar -- the snake lunge as he take a run leap , drag Hermione with him ; as it strike , Hermione scream , " Confringo ! " and her spell fly around the room , explode the wardrobe mirror and ricochet back at them , bounce from floor to ceiling ; Harry feel the heat of it sear the back of his hand . Glass cut his cheek as , pull Hermione with him , he leap from bed to break dressing table and then straight out of the smashed window into nothingness , her scream reverberate through the night as they twist in midair ... and then his scar burst open and he be Voldemort and he be run across the fetid bedroom , his long white hand clutch at the windowsill as he glimpse the bald man and the little woman twist and vanish , and he scream with rage , a scream that mingle with the girl 's , that echo across the dark garden over the church bell ring in Christmas Day ... and his scream be Harry 's scream , his pain be Harry 's pain ... that it could happen here , where it have happen before ... here , within sight of that house where he have come so close to know what it be to die ... to die ... the pain be so terrible ... rip from his body ... but if he have no body , why do his head hurt so badly ; if he be dead , how cold he feel so unbearably , do n't pain cease with death , do n't it go ... the night wet and windy , two child dress as pumpkin waddle across the square and the shop window cover in paper spider , all the tawdry Muggle trappings of a world in which they do not believe ... and he be glide along , that sense of purpose and power and rightness in him that he always know on these occasion ... not anger ... that be for weak soul than he ... but triumph , yes ... he have wait for this , he have hope for it ... " Nice costume , mister ! " he see the small boy 's smile falter as he run near enough to see beneath the hood of the cloak , see the fear cloud his pained face : then the child turn and run away ... Beneath the robe he finger the handle of his wand ... one simple movement and the child would never reach his mother ... but unnecessary , quite unnecessary ... and along a new and dark street he move , and now his destination be in sight at last , the Fidelius Charm break , though they do not know it yet ... and he make less noise than the dead leaf slither along the pavement as he draw level with the dark hedge , and steer over it ... they have not draw the curtain ; he see them quite clearly in their little sit room , the tall black-haired man in his glass , make puff of color smoke erupt from his wand for the amusement of the small black-haired boy in his blue pajamas . the child be laugh and try to catch the smoke , to grab it in his small fist ... a door open and the mother enter , say word he cold not hear , her long dark-red hair fall over her face . now the father scoop up the son and hand him to the mother . he throw his wand down upon the sofa and stretch , yawn ... the gate creak a little as he push it open , but James Potter do not hear . his white hand pull out the wand beneath his cloak and point it at the door , which burst open ... he be over the threshold as James come sprint into the hall . it be easy , too easy , he have not even pick up his wand ... " Lily , take Harry and go ! it be him ! go ! run ! I will hold him off ! " hold him off , without a wand in his hand ! ... he laugh before cast the curse ... " Avada Kedavra ! " the green light fill the cramped hallway , it light the pram push against the wall , it make the banisters glow like light rod , and James Potter fall like a marionette whose string be cut ... he could hear her scream from the upper floor , trap , but as long as she be sensible , she , at least , have nothing to fear ... he climb the step , listen with faint amusement to her attempt to barricade herself in ... she have no wand upon her either ... how stupid they be , and how trust , think that their safety lie in friend , that weapon could be discard even for moment ... he force the door open , cast aside the chair and box hastily pile against it with one lazy wave of his wand ... and there she stand , the child in her arm . at the sight of him , she drop her son into the crib behind her and throw her arm wide , as if this would help , as if in shield him from sight she hope to be choose instead ... " not Harry , not Harry , please not Harry ! " " stand aside , you silly girl ... stand aside , now . " " not Harry , please no , take me , kill me instead -- " " this be my last warning -- " " not Harry ! please ... have mercy ... have mercy ... not Harry ! not Harry ! please -- I will do anything ... " " stand aside . stand aside , girl ! " he could have force her away from the crib , but it seem more prudent to finish them all ... the green light flash around the room and she drop like her husband . the child have not cry all this time . he could stand , clutch the bar of his crib , and he look up into the intruder 's face with a kind of bright interest , perhaps think that it be his father who hide beneath the cloak , make more pretty light , and his mother would pop up any moment , laugh -- he point the wand very carefully into the boy 's face : he want to see it happen , the destruction of this one , inexplicable danger . the child begin to cry : it have see that he be not James . he do not like it cry , he have never be able to stomach the small one whine in the orphanage -- " Avada Kedavra ! " and then he break . he be nothing , nothing but pain and terror , and he must hide himself , not here in the rubble of the ruin house , where the child be trap scream , but far away ... far away ... " no , " he moan . the snake rustle on the filthy , cluttered floor , and he have kill the boy , and yet he be the boy ... " no ... " and now he stand at the break window of Bathilda 's house , immerse in memory of his great loss , and at his foot the great snake slither over break china and glass ... he look down and see something ... something incredible ... " no ... " " Harry , it be all right , you be all right ! " he stoop down and pick up the smashed photograph . there he be , the unknown thief , the thief he be seek ... " no ... I drop it ... I drop it ... " " Harry , it be okay , wake up , wake up ! " he be Harry ... Harry , not Voldemort ... and the thing that be rustle be not a snake ... he open his eye . " Harry , " Hermione whisper . " do you feel all -- all right ? " " yes , " he lie . he be in the tent , lie on one of the low bunk beneath a heap of blanket . he could tell that it be almost dawn by the stillness and quality of the cold , flat light beyond the canvas ceiling . he be drench in sweat ; he could feel it on the sheet and blanket . " we get away . " " yes , " say Hermione . " I have to use a Hover Charm to get you into your bunk . I could n't lift you . you have be ... well , you have n't be quite ... " there be purple shadow under her brown eye and he notice a small sponge in her hand : she have be wipe his face . " you have be ill , " she finish . " quite ill . " " how long ago do we leave ? " " hour ago . it be nearly morning . " " and I have be ... what , unconscious ? " " not exactly , " say Hermione uncomfortably . " you have be shout and moan and ... thing , " she add in a tone that make Harry feel uneasy . what have he do ? scream curse like Voldemort , cry like the baby in the crib ? " I could n't get the Horcrux off you , " Hermione say , and he know she want to change the subject . " it be stick , stick to your chest . you have get a mark ; I be sorry , I have to use a Severing Charm to get it away . the snake hit you too , but I have clean the wound and put some dittany on it ... " he pull the sweaty T-shirt he be wear away from himself and look down . there be a scarlet oval over his heart where the locket have burn him . he could also see the half heal puncture mark to his forearm . " where have you put the Horcrux ? " " in my bag . I think we should keep it off for a while . " he lay back on his pillow and look into her pinch gray face . " we should n't have go to Godric 's Hollow . it be my fault , it be all my fault . Hermione , I be sorry . " " it be not you fault . I want to go too ; I really think Dumbledore might have leave the sword there for you . " " yeah , well ... we get that wrong , do n't we ? " " what happen , Harry ? what happen when she take you upstairs ? be the snake hiding somewhere ? do it just come out and kill her and attack you ? " " No. " he say . " she be the snake ... or the snake be her ... all along . " " W-what ? " he close his eye . he could still smell Bathilda 's house on him ; it make the whole thing horribly vivid . " Bathilda must have be dead a while . the snake be ... be inside her . You-Know-Who put it there in Godric 's Hollow , to wait . you be right . he know I will go back . " " the snake be inside her ? " he open his eye again . Hermione look revolt , nauseate . " lupin say there would be magic we have never imagine . " Harry say . " she do n't want to talk in front of you , because it be Parseltongue , all Parseltongue , and I do n't realize , but of course I could understand her . once we be up in the room , the snake send a message to You-Know-Who , I hear it happen inside my head , I feel him get excited , he say to keep me there ... and then ... " he remember the snake come out of Bathilda 's neck : Hermione do not need to know the detail . " ... she change , change into the snake , and attack . " he look down at the puncture mark . " it be n't suppose to kill me , just keep me there till You-Know-Who come . " if he have only manage to kill the snake , it would have be worth it , all of it ... Sick at heart , he sit up and throw back the cover . " Harry , no , I be sure you ought to rest ! " " you be the one who need sleep . no offense , but you look terrible . I be fine . I will keep watch for a while . where be my wand ? " she do not answer , she merely look at him . " where be my wand , Hermione ? " she be bite her lip , and tear swim in her eye . " Harry ... " " where be my wand ? " she reach down beside the bed and hold it out to him . the holly and phoenix wand be nearly sever in two . one fragile strand of phoenix feather keep both piece hang together . the wood have splinter apart completely . Harry take it into his hand as though it be a living thing that have suffer a terrible injury . he could not think properly : everything be a blur of panic and fear . then he hold out the want to Hermione . " mend it . please . " " Harry , I do n't think , when it be break like this -- " " Please , Hermione , try ! " " R-Reparo . " the dangling half of the wand reseal itself . Harry hold it up . " Lumos ! " the wand spark feebly , then go out . Harry point it at Hermione . " Expelliarmus ! " Hermione 's wand give a little jerk , but do not leave her hand . the feeble attempt at magic be too much for Harry 's wand , which split into two again . he stare at it , aghast , unable to take in what he be see ... the wand that have survive so much ... " Harry . " Hermione whisper so quietly he could hardly hear her . " I be so , so sorry . I think it be me . as we be leave , you know , the snake be come for us , and so I cast a Blasting Curse , and it rebound everywhere , and it must have -- must have hit -- " " it be an accident . " say Harry mechanically . he feel empty , stun . " we will -- we will find a way to repair it . " " Harry , I do n't think we be go to be able to , " say Hermione , the ear trickle down her face . " remember ... remember Ron ? when he break his wand , crash the car ? it be never the same again , he have to get a new one . " Harry think of Ollivander , kidnap and hold hostage by Voldemort ; of Gregorovitch , who be dead . how be he suppose to find himself a new wand ? " well , " he say , in a falsely matter-of-fact voice , " well , I will just borrow yours for now , then . while I keep watch . " her face glaze with tear , Hermione hand over her wand , and he leave her sitting beside his bed , desire nothing more than to get away from her . Chapter Eighteen The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore the sun be come up : the pure , colorless vastness of the sky stretch over him , indifferent to him and his suffering . Harry sit down in the tent entrance and take a deep breath of clean air . simply to be alive to watch the sun rise over the sparkling snowy hillside ought to have be the great treasure on earth , yet he could not appreciate it : his sense have be spike by the calamity of lose his want . he look out over a valley blanket in snow , distant church bell chime through the glitter silence . without realize it , he be dig his finger into his arm as if he be try to resist physical pain . he have spill his own blood more time than he could count ; he have lose all bone in his right arm once ; this journey have already give him scar to his chest and forearm to join those on his hand and forehead , but never , until this moment , have he feel himself to be fatally weakened , vulnerable , and naked , as though the good part of his magical power have be tear from him . he know exactly what Hermione would say if he express any of this : the wand be only as good as the wizard . but she be wrong , his case be different . she have not feel the wand spin like the needle of a compass and shoot golden flame at his enemy . he have lose the protection of the twin core , and only now that it be go do he realize how much he have be count on it . he pull the piece of the break wand out of his pocket and , without look at them , tuck them away in Hagrid 's pouch around his neck . the pouch be now too full of broken and useless object to take any more . Harry 's hand brush the old Snitch through the mokeskin and for a moment he have to fight the temptation to pull it out and throw it away . impenetrable , unhelpful , useless , like everything else Dumbledore have leave behind -- - and his fury at Dumbledore break over him now like lava , scorch him inside , wipe out every other feeling . out of sheer desperation they have talk themselves into believe that Godric 's Hollow hold answer , convince themselves that they be suppose to go back , that it be all part of some secret path lay out for them by Dumbledore : but there be no map , no plan . Dumbledore have leave them to grope in the darkness , to wrestle with unknown and undreamed-of terror , alone and unaided : nothing be explain , nothing be give freely , they have no sword , and now , Harry have no wand . and he have drop the photograph of the thief , and it would surely be easy now for Voldemort to find out who he be . . . Voldemort have all the information now . . . " Harry ? " Hermione look frightened that he might curse her with her own wand . her face streak with tear , she crouch down beside him , two cup of tea tremble in her hand and something bulky under her arm . " thanks , " he say , take one of the cup . " do you mind if I talk to you ? " " no , " he say because he do not want to hurt her feeling . " Harry , you want to know who that man in the picture be . well . . . I have get the book . " timidly she push it onto his lap , a pristine copy of the Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore . " where -- - how -- - ? " " it be in Bathilda 's sit room , just lie there . . . . this note be stick out of the top of it . " Hermione read the few line of spiky , acid-green writing aloud . " ' Dear Bally , thanks for your help . here be a copy of the book , hope you like it . you say everything , even if you do n't remember it . Rita . ' I think it must have arrive while the real Bathilda be alive , but perhaps she be n't in any fit state to read it ? " " no , she probably be n't . " Harry look down upon Dumbledore 's face and experience a surge of savage pleasure : now he would know if all the thing that Dumbledore have never think it worth tell him , whether Dumbledore want him to or not . " you be still really angry at me , be n't you ? " say Hermione ; he look up to see fresh tear leak out of her eye , and know that his anger must have show in his face . " no , " he say quietly . " no , Hermione , I know it be an accident . you be try to get us out of there alive , and you be incredible . I will be dead if you have n't be there to help me . " he try to return her watery smile , then turn his attention to the book . its spine be stiff ; it have clearly never be open before . he riffle through the page , look for photograph . he come across the one he seek almost at once , the young Dumbledore and his handsome companion , roar with laughter at some long-forgotten joke . Harry drop his eye to the caption . Albus Dumbledore , shortly after his mother 's death , with his friend Gellert Grindelwald . Harry gape at the last word for several long moment . Grindelwald . his friend Grindelwald . he look sideways at Hermione , who be still contemplate the name as though she could not believe her eye . slowly she look up at Harry . " Grindelwald ! " ignore the remainder of the photograph , Harry search the page around them for a recurrence of that fatal name . he soon discover it and read greedily , but become lose : it be necessary to go farther back to make sense of it all , and eventually he find himself at the start of a chapter entitle " the Greater Good . " together , he and Hermione start to read : now approach his eighteenth birthday , Dumbledore leave Hogwarts in a blaze of glory -- - Head Boy , prefect , Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting , British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot , Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo . Dumbledore intend , next , to take a Grand Tour with Elphias " Dogbreath " Doge , the dim-witted but devoted sidekick he have pick up at school . the two young man be stay at the Leaky Cauldron in London , prepare to depart for Greece the follow morning , when an owl arrive bear news of Dumbledore 's mother 's death . " Dogbreath " Doge , who refuse to be interview for this book , have give the public his own sentimental version of what happen next . he represent Kendra 's death as a tragic blow , and Dumbledore 's decision to give up his expedition as an act of noble selfsacrifice . certainly Dumbledore return to Godric 's Hollow at once , supposedly to " care " for his young brother and sister . but how much care do he actually give them ? " he be a head case , that Aberforth , " say Enid Smeek , whose family live on the outskirt of Godric 's Hollow at that time . " run wild . ' Course , with his mum and dad go you will have feel sorry for him , only he keep chuck goat dung at my head . I do n't think Albus be fuss about him . I never see them together , anyway . " so what be Albus do , if not comfort his wild young brother ? the answer , it seem , be ensure the continued imprisonment of his sister . for though her first jailer have die , there be no change in the pitiful condition of Ariana Dumbledore . her very existence continue to be know only to those few outsider who , like " Dogbreath " Doge , could be count upon to believe in the story of her " ill health . " another such easily satisfy friend of the family be Bathilda Bagshot , the celebrated magical historian who have live in Godric 's Hollow for many year . Kendra , of course , have rebuff Bathilda when she first attempt to welcome the family to the village . several year later , however , the author send an owl to Albus at Hogwarts , have be favorably impress by his paper on transspecies transformation in Transfiguration Today . this initial contract lead to acquaintance with the entire Dumbledore family . at the time of Kendra 's death , Bathilda be the only person in Godric 's Hollow who be on speak term with Dumbledore 's mother . unfortunately , the brilliance that Bathilda exhibit earlier in her life have now dim . " the fire 's lit , but the cauldron 's empty , " as Ivor Dillonsby put it to me , or , in Enid Smeek be slightly earthy phrase , " she be nutty as squirrel poo . " nevertheless , a combination of tried-and-tested reporting technique enable me to extract enough nugget of hard fact to string together the whole scandalous story . like the rest of the Wizarding world , Bathilda put Kendra 's premature death down to a backfire charm , a story repeat by Albus and Aberforth in late year . Bathilda also parrot the family line on Ariana , call her " frail " and " delicate . " on one subject , however , Bathilda be well worth the effort I put into procure Veritaserum , for she , and she alone , know the full story of the bestkept secret of Albus Dumbledore 's life . now reveal for the first time , it call into question everything that his admirer believe of Dumbledore : his suppose hatred of the Dark Art , his opposition into the oppression of Muggles , even his devotion to his own family . the very same summer that Dumbledore go home to Godric 's Hollow , now an orphan and head of the family , Bathilda Bagshot agree to accept into her home her great-nephew , Gellert Grindelwald . the name of Grindelwald be justly famous : in a list of most dangerous dark wizard of all time , he would miss out on the top spot only because YouKnow-Who arrive , a generation later , to steal his crown . as Grindelwald never extend his campaign of terror to Britain , however , the detail of his rise to power be not widely know here . educate at Durmstrang , a school famous even then for its unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts , Grindelwald show himself quite as precociously brilliant as Dumbledore . rather than channel his ability into the attainment of award and prise , however , Gellert Grindelwald devote himself no other pursuit . at sixteen year old , even Durmstrang feel it could no longer turn a blind eye to the twisted experiment of Gellert Grindelwald , and he be expel . hitherto , all that have be know of Grindelwald 's next movement be that he " travel around for some month . " it can now be reveal that Grindelwald choose to visit his great-aunt in Godric 's Hollow , and that there , intensely shocking though it will be for many to hear it , he strike up a close friendship with none other than Albus Dumbledore . " he seem a charming boy to me , " babble Bathilda , " whatever he become later . naturally I introduce him to poor Albus , who be miss the company of lad his own age . the boy take to each other at once . " they certainly do . Bathilda show me a letter , keep by her that Albus Dumbledore send Gellert Grindelwald in the dead of night . " yes , even after they have spend all day in discussion -- - both such brilliant young boy , they get on like a cauldron on fire -- - I will sometimes hear an owl tap at Gellert 's bedroom window , deliver a letter from Albus ! an idea would have strike him and he have to let Gellert know immediately ! " and what idea they be . profoundly shocking though Albus Dumbledore 's fan will find it , here be the thought of their seventeen-year-old hero , as relay to his new good friend . ( a copy of the original letter may be see on page @card@ . ) Gellert -- - your point about Wizard dominance be for the MUGGLES ' Own Good -- - this , I think , be the crucial point . yes , we have be give power and yes , that power give us the right to rule , but it also give us responsibility over the rule . we must stress this point , it will be the foundation stone upon which we build . where we be oppose , as we surely will be , this must be the basis of all our counterargument . we seize control for the Greater Good . and from this it follow that where we meet resistance , we must use only the force that be necessary and no more . ( this be your mistake at Durmstrang ! but I do not complain , because if you have not be expel , we would never have meet . ) Albus Astonished and appall though his many admirer will be , this letter constitute the statute of secrecy and establish Wizard rule over Muggles . what a blow for those who have always portray Dumbledore as the Muggleborns ' great champion ! how hollow those speech promote Muggle right seem in the light of this damn new evidence ! how despicable do Albus Dumbledore appear , busy plot his rise to power when he should have be mourn his mother and care for his sister ! no doubt those determine to keep Dumbledore on his crumble pedestal will bleat that he do not , after all , put his plan into action , that he must have suffer a change of heart , that he come to his sense . however , the truth seem altogether more shocking . barely two month into their great new friendship , Dumbledore and Grindelwald part , never to see each other again until they meet for their legendary duel ( for more , see chapter @card@ ) . what cause this abrupt rupture ? have Dumbledore come to his sense ? have he tell Grindelwald he want no more part in his plan ? alas , no . " it be poor little Ariana die , I think , that do it , " say Bathilda . " it come as an awful shock . Gellert be there in the house when it happen , and he come back to my house all of a dither , tell me he want to go home the next day . terribly distressed , you know . so I arrange a Portkey and that be the last I see of him . " Albus be beside himself at Ariana 's death . it be so dreadful for those two brother . they have lose everybody except for each other . no wonder temper run a little high . Aberforth blame Albus , you know , as people will under these dreadful circumstance . but Aberforth always talk a little madly , poor boy . all the same , break Albus 's nose at the funeral be not decent . it would have destroy Kendra to see her son fight like that , across her daughter 's body . a shame Gellert could not have stay for the funeral . . . . he would have be a comfort to Albus , at least . . . . this dreadful coffin-side brawl , know only to those few who attend Ariana Dumbledore 's funeral , raise several question . why exactly do Aberforth Dumbledore blame Albus for his sister 's death ? be it , as " Batty " pretend , a mere effusion of grief ? or could there have be some more concrete reason for his fury ? Grindelwald , expel from Durmstrang for the near-fatal attack upon fellow student , flee the country hour after the girl 's death , and Albus ( out of shame or fear ? ) never see him again , not until force to do so by the plea of the Wizarding world . neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seem to have refer to this brief boyhood friendship in late life . however , there can be no doubt that Dumbledore delay , for some five year of turmoil , fatality , and disappearance , his attack upon Gellert Grindelwald . be it linger affection for the man or fear of exposure as his once good friend that cause Dumbledore to hesitate ? be it only reluctantly that Dumbledore set out to capture the man he be once so delight he have meet ? and how do the mysterious Ariana die ? be she the inadvertent victim of some dark rite ? do she stumble across something she ought not to have do , as the two young man sit practice for their attempt at glory and domination ? be it possible that Ariana Dumbledore be the first person to die " for the great good " ? the chapter end here and Harry look up . Hermione have reach the bottom of the page before him . she tug the book out of Harry 's hand , look a little alarm by his expression , and close it without look at it , as though hide something indecent . " Harry -- - " but he shake his head . some inner certainty have crash down inside him ; it be exactly as he have feel after Ron leave . he have trust Dumbledore , believe him the embodiment of goodness and wisdom . all be ash : how much more could he lose ? Ron , Dumbledore , the phoenix wand . . . " Harry . " she seem to have hear his thought . " listen to me . it -- - it do n't make a very nice reading -- - " " Yeah , you could say that -- - " " -- - but do n't forget , Harry , this be Rita Skeeter writing . " " you do read that letter to Grindelwald , do n't you ? " " yes , I -- - I do . " she hesitate , look upset , cradle her tea in her cold hand . " I think that be the bad bit . I know Bathilda think it be all just talk , but ' for the Greater Good ' become Grindelwald 's slogan , his justification for all the atrocity he commit later . and . . . from that . . . it look like Dumbledore give him the idea . they say ' for the Greater Good ' be even carve over the entrance to Nurmengard . " " what be Nurmengard ? " " the prison Grindelwald have build to hold his opponent . he end up in there himself , once Dumbledore have catch him . anyway , it be -- - it be an awful thought that Dumbledore 's idea help Grindelwald rise to power . but on the other hand , even Rita ca n't pretend that they know each other for more than a few month one summer when they be both really young , and -- - " " I think you will say that , " say Harry . he do not want to let his anger spill out at her , but it be hard to keep his voice steady . " I think you will say ' they be young . ' they be the same age as we be now . and here we be , risk our life to fight the dark art , and there he be , in a huddle with his new good friend , plot their rise to power over the Muggles . " his temper would not remain in check much longer : he stand up and walk around , try to work some of it off . " I be not try to defend what Dumbledore write , " say Hermione . " all that ' right to rule ' rubbish , it 's ' Magic be Might ' all over again . but Harry , his mother have just die , he be stick alone in the house -- - " " Alone ? he be n't alone ! he have his brother and sister for company , his Squib sister he be keep lock up -- - " " I do n't believe it , " say Hermione . she stand up too . " whatever be wrong with that girl , I do n't think she be a Squib . the Dumbledore we know would never , ever have allowed- -- " " the Dumbledore we think we know do n't want to conquer Muggles by force ! " Harry shout , his voice echo across the empty hilltop , and several blackbird rise into the air , squawk and spiral against the pearly sky . " he change , Harry , he change ! it be as simple as that ! maybe he do believe these thing when he be seventeen , but the whole of the rest of his life be devote to fight the dark art ! Dumbledore be the one who stop Grindelwald , the one who always vote for Muggle protection and Muggle bear right , who fight You-KnowWho from the start , and who die try to bring him down ! " Rita 's book lie on the ground between them , so that the face of Albus Dumbledore smile dolefully at both . " Harry , I be sorry , but I think the real reason you be so angry be that Dumbledore never tell you any of this himself . " " maybe I be ! " Harry bellow , and he fling his arm over his head , hardly know whether he be try to hold in his anger or protect himself from the weight of his own disillusionment . " look what he ask from me , Hermione ! risk your life , Harry ! and again ! and again ! and do n't expect me to explain everything , just trust me blindly , trust that I know what I be do , trust me even though I do n't trust you ! never the whole truth ! never ! " his voice crack with the strain , and they stand look at each other in the whiteness and emptiness , and Harry feel they be as insignificant as insect beneath that wide sky . " he love you , " Hermione whisper . " I know he love you . " Harry drop his arm . " I do n't know who he love , Hermione , but it be never me . this be n't love , the mess he have leave me in . he share a damn sight more of what he be really think with Gellert Grindelwald than he ever share with me . " Harry pick up Hermione 's wand , which he have drop in the snow , and sit back down in the entrance of the tent . " thanks for the tea . I will finish the watch . you get back in the warm . " she hesitate , but recognize the dismissal . she pick up the book and then walk back past him into the tent , but as she do so , she brush the top of his head lightly with her hand . he close his eye at her touch , and hate himself for wish that what she say be true : that Dumbledore have really care . Chapter Nineteen the Silver Doe it be snow by the time Hermione take over the watch at midnight . Harry 's dream be confused and disturbing : Nagini weave in and out of them , first through a wreath of Christmas rose . he wake repeatedly , panicky , convinced that somebody have call out to him in the distance , imagine that the wind whip around the tent be footstep or voice . finally he get up in the darkness and join Hermione , who be huddle in the entrance to the tent read a history of Magic by the light of her wand . the snow be fall thickly , and she greet with relief his suggestion of pack up early and move on . " we will somewhere more sheltered , " she agree , shiver as she pull on a sweatshirt over her pajamas . " I keep think I could hear people move outside . I even though I see somebody one or twice . " Harry pause in the act of pull on a jumper and glance at the silent , motionless Sneakoscope on the table . " I be sure I imagine it , " say Hermione , look nervous . " the snow the dark , it play trick on your eye ... . but perhaps we ought to Disapparate under the Invisibility Cloak , just in case ? " half an hour later , with the tent pack , Harry wear the Horcrux , and Hermione clutch the bead bag , they Disapparated . the usual tightness engulf them ; Harry 's foot part company with the snowy ground , then slam hard onto what feel like frozen earth cover in leaf . " where be we ? " he ask , peer around at the fresh mass of tree as Hermione open the bead bag and begin tug out the tent pole . " the Forest of Dean , " she say , " I come camp here once with my mum and dad . " here too snow lie on the tree all around and it be bitterly cold , but they be at least protect from the wind . they spend most of the day inside the tent , huddle for warmth around the useful bright blue flame that Hermione be adept at produce , and which could be scoop up and carry in a jar . Harry feel as though he be recuperate from some brief but severe , an impression reinforce by Hermione 's solicitousness . that afternoon fresh flake drift down upon them , so that even their sheltered clearing have a fresh dust of powdery snow . after two night of little sleep , Harry 's sense seem more alert than usual . their escape from Godric 's Hollow have be so narrow that Voldemort seem somehow closer than before , more threaten . as darkness drive in again Harry refuse Hermione 's offer to keep watch and tell her to go to bed . Harry move an old cushion into the tent mouth and sit down , wear all the sweater he own but even so , still shivery . the darkness deepen with the pass hour until it be virtually impenetrable . he be on the point of take out the Marauder 's Map , so as to watch Ginny 's dot for a while , before he remember that it be the Christmas holiday and that she would be back at the Burrow . every tiny movement seem magnify in the vastness of the forest . Harry know that it must be full of live creature , but he wish they would all remain still and silent so that he could separate their innocent scurryings and prowlings from noise that might proclaim other , sinister movement . he remember the sound of a cloak slither over dead leaf many year ago , and at once think he hear it again before mentally shake himself . their protective enchantment have work for week ; why should they break now ? and yet he could no throw off the feeling that something be different tonight . several time he jerk upright , his neck ache because he have fall asleep , slump at an awkward angle against the side of the tent . the night reach such a depth of velvety blackness that he might have be suspend in limbo between Disapparation and Apparation . he have just hold a hand in front of his face to see whether he could make out his finger when it happen . a bright silver light appear right ahead of him , move through the tree . whatever the source , it be move soundlessly . the light seem simply to drift toward him . he jump to his foot , his voice freeze in his throat , and raise Hermione 's wand . he screw up his eye as the light become blinding , the tree in front of it pitch black in silhouette , and still the thing come closer ... . and then the source of the light step out from behind an oak . it be a silver white doe , moon-bright and dazzling , pick her way over the ground , still silent , and leave no hoofprints in the fine powder of snow . she step toward him , her beautiful head with its wide , long-lashed eye hold high . Harry stare at the creature , fill with wonder , not at her strangeness , but her inexplicable familiarity . he feel that he have be wait for her to come , but that he have forget , until this moment , that they have arrange to meet . his impulse to shout for Hermione , which have be so strong a moment ago , have go . he know , he would have stake his life on it , that she have come for him , and him alone . they gaze at each other for several long moment and then she turn and walk away . " no , " he say , and his voice be crack with lack of use . " come back ! " she continue to step deliberately through the tree , and soon he brightness be stripe by their thick black trunk . for one tremble second he hesitate . caution murmur it could be a trick , a lure , a trap . but instinct , overwhelming instinct , tell him that this be not dark Magic . he set off in pursuit . Snow crunch beneath his foot , but the doe make no noise as she pass through the tree , for she be nothing but light . deep and deep into the forest she lead him , and Harry walk quickly , sure that when she stop , she would allow him to approach her properly . and then she would speak and the voice would tell him what he need to know . at last she come to a halt . she turn her beautiful head toward him once more , and he break into a run , a question burning in him , but as he open his lip to ask it , she vanish . though the darkness have swallow her whole , her burnish image be still imprint on his retina ; it obscure his vision , brighten when he lower his eyelid , disorient him . now fear come : her presence have mean safety . " Lumos ! " he whisper , and the wand-tip ignite . the imprint of the doe fade away with every blink of his eye as he stand there , listen to the sound of the forest , to distant crackle of twig , soft swish of snow . be he about to be attack ? have she entice him into an ambush ? be he imagine that somebody stand beyond the reach of the wandlight , watch him ? he hold the wand higher . nobody run out at him , no flash of green light burst from behind a tree . why , then , have she lead him to this spot ? something gleam in the light of the wand , and Harry spin about , but all that be there be a small , frozen pool , its black , cracked surface glitter as he raise his wand higher to examine it . he move forward rather cautiously and look down . the ice reflect his distorted shadow and the beam of wandlight , but deep below the thick , misty gray carapace , something else glint . a great silver cross ... his heart skip into his mouth : he drop to his knee at the pool 's edge and angle the wand so as to flood the bottom of the pool with as much light as possible . a glint of deep red ... it be a sword with glitter ruby in its hilt ... .The sword of Gryffindor be lie at the bottom of the forest pool . barely breathe , he stare down at it . how be this possible ? how could it have come to be lie in a forest pool , this close to the place where they be camp ? have some unknown magic draw Hermione to this spot , or be the doe , which he have take to be a Patronus , some kind of guardian of the pool ? or have the sword be put into the pool after they have arrive , precisely because they be here ? in which case , where be the person who want to pass it to Harry ? again he direct the wand at the surround tree and bush , search for a human outline , for the glint of an eye , but he could not see anyone there . all the same , a little more fear leaven his exhilaration as he return his attention to the sword repose upon the bottom of the frozen pool . he point the wand at the silvery shape and murmur , " Accio Sword . " it do not stir . he have not expect it to . if it have be that easy the sword would have lie on the ground for him to pick up , not in the depth of a frozen pool . he set off around the circle of ice , think hard about the last time the sword have deliver itself to him . he have be in terrible danger then , and have ask for help . " help , " he murmur , but the sword remain upon the pool bottom , indifferent , motionless . what be it , Harry ask himself ( walk again ) , that Dumbledore have tell him the last time he have retrieve the sword ? only a true Gryffindor could have pull that out of the hat . and what be the quality that define a Gryffindor ? a small voice inside Harry 's head answer him : their daring nerve and chivalry set Gryffindor apart . Harry stop walking and let out a long sigh , his smoky breath disperse rapidly upon the frozen air . he know what he have to do . if he be honest with himself , he have think it might come to this from the moment he have spot the sword through the ice . he glance around at the surround tree again , but be convince now that nobody be go to attack him . they have have their chance as he walk alone through the forest , have have plenty of opportunity as he examine the pool . the only reason to delay at this point be because the immediate prospect be so deeply uninviting . with fumble finger Harry start to remove his many layer of clothing . where " chivalry " enter into this , he think ruefully , he be not entirely sure , unless it count as chivalrous that he be not call for Hermione to do it in his stead . an owl hoot somewhere as he strip off , and he think with a pang of Hedwig . he be shiver now , his tooth chatter horribly , and yet he continue to strip off until at last he stand there in his underwear , barefooted in the snow . he place the pouch contain his wand , his mother 's letter , the shard of Sirius 's mirror , and the old Snitch on top of his clothes , then he point Hermione 's wand at the ice . " Diffindo . " it crack with a sound like a bullet in the silence . the surface of the pool break and chunk of dark ice rock on the ruffle water . as far as Harry could judge , it be not deep , but to retrieve the sword he would have to submerge himself completely . contemplate the task ahead would not make it easy or the water warmer . he step to the pool 's edge and place Hermione 's wand on the ground still light . then , try not to imagine how much cold he be about to become or how violently he would soon be shiver , he jump . every pore of his body scream in protest . the very air in his lung seem to freeze solid as he be submerge to his shoulder in the frozen water . he could hardly breathe : tremble so violently the water lap over the edge of the pool , he feel for the blade with his numb foot . he only want to dive once . Harry put off the moment of total submersion from second to second , gasp and shake , until he tell himself that it must be do , gather all his courage , and dive . the cold be agony : it attack him like fire . his brain itself seem to have freeze as he push through the dark water to the bottom and reach out , grope for the sword . his finger close around the hilt ; he pull it upward . then something close tight around his neck . he think of water weed , though nothing have brush him as he dive , and raise his hand to free himself . it be not wee : the chain of the Horcrux have tighten and be slowly constrict his windpipe . Harry kick out wildly , try to push himself back to the surface , but merely propel himself into the rocky side of the pool . thrashing , suffocate , he scrabble at the strangle chain , his frozen finger unable to loosen it , and now little light be pop inside his head , and he be go to drown , there be nothing leave , nothing he could do , and the arm that close around his chest be surely Death 's ... . choke and retch , soak and cold than he have ever be in his life , he come to facedown in the snow . somewhere , close by , another person be pant and cough and stagger around , as she have come when the snake attack ... .Yet it do not sound like her , not with those deep cough , no judge by the weight of the footstep ... . Harry have no strength to lift his head and see his savior 's identity . all he could do be raise a shake hand to his throat and feel the place where the locket have cut tightly into his flesh . it be go . someone have cut him free . then a pant voice speak from over his head . " be -- you -- mental ? " nothing but the shock of hear that voice could have give Harry the strength to get up . shiver violently , he stagger to his foot . there before him stand Ron , fully dress but drench to the skin , his hair plaster to his face , the sword of Gryffindor in one hand and the Horcrux dangle from its break chain in the other . " why the " pant Ron , hold up the Horcrux , which swing backward and forward on its shorten chain in some parody of hypnosis , " do n't you take the thing off before you dive ? " Harry could not answer . the silver doe be nothing , nothing compare with Ron 's reappearance ; he could not believe it . shudder with cold , he catch up the pile of clothes still lie at the water 's edge and begin to pull them on . as he drag sweater after sweater over his head , Harry stare at Ron , half expect him to have disappear every time he lose sight of him , and yet he have to be real : he have just dive into the pool , he have save Harry 's life . " it be y-you ? " Harry say at last , his tooth chatter , his voice weak than usual due to his near-strangulation . " well , yeah , " say Ron , look slightly confused . " Y-you cast that doe ? " " what ? no , of course not ! I think it be you do it ! " " my Patronus be a stag . " " oh yeah . I think it look different . no antler . " Harry put Hagrid 's pouch back around his neck , pull on a final sweater , stoop to pick up Hermione 's wand , and face Ron again . " how come you be here ? " apparently Ron have hope that this point would come up later , if at all . " well , I have -- you know -- I have come back . if -- " he clear his throat . " you know . you still want me . " there be a pause , in which the subject of Ron 's departure seem to rise like a wall between them . yet he be here . he have return . he have just save Harry 's life . Ron look down at his hand . he seem momentarily surprise to see the thing he be hold . " oh yeah , I get it out , " he say , rather unnecessarily , hold up the sword for Harry 's inspection . " that be why you jump in , right ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " but I do n't understand . how do you get here ? how do you find us ? " " long story , " say Ron . " I have be look for you for hour , it be a big forest , be n't it ? and I be just think I will have to go kip under a tree and wait for morning when I see that dear come and you following . " " you do n't see anyone else ? " " no , " say Ron . " I -- " but he hesitate , glance at two tree grow close together some yard away . " I do think I see something move over there , but I be run to the pool at the time , because you have go in and you have n't come up , so I be n't go to make a detour to -- hey ! " Harry be already hurry to the place that Ron have indicate . the two oak grow close together ; there be a gap of only a few inch between the trunk at eye level , an ideal place to see but not be see . the ground around the root , however , be free of snow , and Harry could see no sign of footprint . he walk back to where Ron stand wait , still hold the sword and the Horcrux . " anything there ? " Ron ask . " no , " say Harry . " so how do the sword get in that pool ? " " whoever cast the Patronus must have put it there . " they both look at the ornate silver sword , its rubied hilt glint a little in the light from Hermione 's wand . " you reckon this be the real one ? " ask Ron . " one way to find out , be n't there ? " say Harry . the Horcrux be still swing from Ron 's hand . the locket be twitch slightly . Harry know that the thing inside it be agitate again . it have sense the presence of the sword and have try to kill Harry rather than let him possess it . now be not the time for long discussion ; now be the moment to destroy once and for all . Harry look around , hold Hermione 's wand high , and see the place : a flattish rock lie in the shadow of a sycamore tree . " come here . " he say and he lead the way , brush snow from the rock 's surface , and hold out his hand for the Horcrux . when Ron offer the sword , however , Harry shake his head . " no you should do it . " " me ? " say Ron , look shock . " why ? " " because you get the sword out of the pool . I think it be suppose to be you . " he be not be kind or generous . as certainly as he have know that the doe be benign , he know that Ron have to be the one to wield the sword . Dumbledore have at least teach Harry something about certain kind of magic , of the incalculable power of certain act . " I be go to open it , " say Harry , " and you will stab it . straightaway okay ? because whatever be in there will put up a fight . the bit of Riddle in the Diary try to kill me . " " how be you go to open it ? " ask Ron . he look terrify " I be go to ask it to open , use Parseltongue , " say Harry . the answer come so readily to his lip that think that he have always know it deep down : perhaps it have take his recent encounter with Nagini to make him realize it . he look at the serpentine S , inlay with glitter green stone : it be easy to visualize it as a miniscule snake , curl upon the cold rock . " no ! " say Ron . " do n't open it ! I be serious ! " " why not ? " ask Harry . " let be get rid of the damn thing , it have be month -- " " I ca n't , Harry , I be serious -- you do it -- " " but why ? " " because that thing be bad for me ! " say Ron , back away from the locket on the rock . " I ca n't handle it ! I be not make excuse , for what I be like , but it affect me bad than it affect you and Hermione , it make me think stuff -- stuff that I be think anyway , but it make everything worse . I ca n't explain it , and then I will take it off and I will get my head straight again , and then I will have to put the eff thing back on -- I ca n't do it Harry ! " he have back away , the sword drag at his side , shake his head . " you can do it , " say Harry , " you can ! you have just get the sword , I know it be suppose to be you who use it . please just get rid of it Ron . " the sound of his name seem to act like a stimulant . Ron swallow , then still breathe hard through his long nose , move back toward the rock . " tell me when , " he croak . " on three , " say Harry , look back down at the locket and narrow his eye , concentrate on the letter S , imagine a serpent , while the content of the locket rattle like a trapped cockroach . it would have be easy to pity it , except that the cut around Harry 's neck still burn . " one . . . two . . . three . . .open . " the last word come as a hiss and a snarl and the golden door of the locket swing wide open with a little click . behind both of the glass window within blink a live eye , dark and handsome as Tom Riddle 's eye have be before he turn them scarlet and slit-pupiled " Stab , " say Harry , hold the locket steady on the rock . Ron raise the sword in his shake hand : the point dangle over the frantically swivel eye , and Harry grip the locket tightly , brace himself , already imagine blood pour from the empty window . then a voice hiss from out the Horcrux . " I have see your heart , and it be mine . " " do n't listen to it ! " Harry say harshly . " stab it ! " " I have see your dream , Ronald Weasley , and I have see your fear . all you desire be possible , but all that you dread be also possible ... . " " stab ! " shout Harry , his voice echo off the surround tree , the sword point tremble , and Ron gaze down into Riddle 's eye . " least love , always , by the mother who crave a daughter . . . least love , now , by the girl who prefer your friend . . . second good , always , eternally overshadow . . . " " Ron , stab it now ! " Harry bellow : he could feel the locket quiver in the grip and be scare of what be come . Ron raise the sword still high , and as he do so , Riddle 's eye gleam scarlet . out of the locket 's two window , out of the eye , there bloom like two grotesque bubble , the head of Harry and Hermione , weirdly distort . Ron yell in shock and back away as the figure blossom out of the locket , first chest , then waist , then leg , until they stand in the locket , side by side like tree with a common root , sway over Ron and the real Harry , who have snatch his finger away from the locket as it burn , suddenly , white-hot . " Ron ! " he shout , but the Riddle-Harry be now speak with Voldemort 's voice and Ron be gaze , mesmerize , into its face . " why return ? we be well without you , happy without you , glad of your absence ... . we laugh at your stupidity , your cowardice , your presumption- " " presumption ! " echo the Riddle-Hermione , who be more beautiful and yet more terrible than the real Hermione : she sway , cackle , before Ron , who look horrify , yet transfix , the sword hang pointlessly at his side . " who could look at you , who would ever look at you , beside Harry Potter ? what have you ever do , compare with the Chosen one ? what be you , compare with the Boy who live ? " " Ron , stab it , STAB it ! " Harry yell , but Ron do not move . his eye be wide , and the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione be reflect in them , their hair swirl like flame , their eye shine red , their voice lift in an evil duet . " your mother confess , " sneer Riddle-Harry , while Riddle-Hermione jeer , " that she would have prefer me as a son , would be glad to exchange ... " " who would n't prefer him , what woman would take you , you be nothing , nothing , nothing to him , " croon Riddle-Hermione , and she stretch like a snake and entwine herself around Riddle-Harry , wrap him in a close embrace : their lip meet . on the ground in front of them , Ron 's face fill with anguish . he raise the sword high , his arm shake . " do it , Ron ! " Harry yell . Ron look toward him , and Harry think he see a trace of scarlet in his eye . " Ron -- ? " the sword flash , plunge : Harry throw himself out of the way , there as a clang of metal and a long , drawn-out scream . Harry whirl around , slip in the snow , wand hold ready to defend himself , but there be nothing to fight . the monstrous version of himself and Hermione be go : there be only Ron , stand there with the sword hold slackly in his hand , look down at the shattered remains of the locket on the flat rock . slowly , Harry walk back to him , hardly know what to say or do . Ron be breathe heavily : his eye be no longer red at all , but their normal blue : they be also wet . Harry stoop , pretend he have not see , and pick up the break Horcrux . Ron have pierce the glass in both window : Riddle 's eye be go , and the stain silk lining of the locket be smoke slightly . the thing that have live in the Horcrux have vanish ; torture Ron have be its final act . the sword clang as Ron drop it . he have sink to his knee , his head in his arm . he be shake , but not , Harry realize , from cold . Harry cram the break locket into his pocket , kneel down beside Ron , and place a hand cautiously on his shoulder . he take it as a good sign that Ron do not throw it off . " after you leave , " he say in a low voice , grateful for the fact that Ron 's face be hide , " she cry for a week . probably longer , only she do n't want me to see . there be load of night when we never even speak to each other . with you go ... " he could not finish ; it be now that Ron be here again that Harry fully realize how much his absence have cost them . " she be like my sister , " he go on . " I love her like a sister and I reckon that she feel the same way about me . it have always be like that . I think you know . " Ron do not respond , but turn his face away from Harry and wipe his nose noisily on his sleeve . Harry get to his foot again and walk to where Ron 's enormous rucksack lie yard away , discard as Ron have run toward the pool to save Harry from drown . he hoist it onto his own back and walk back to Ron , who clamber to his foot as Harry approach , eye bloodshot but otherwise compose . " I be sorry , " he say in a thick voice . " I be sorry I leave . I know I be a -- a -- " he look around at the darkness , as if hope a bad enough word would swoop down upon him and claim him . " you have sort of make up for it tonight , " say Harry . " get the sword . finish off the Horcrux . save my life . " " that make me sound a lot cool than I be , " Ron mumble . " stuff like that always sound cool than it really be " say Harry . " I have be try to tell you that for year . " simultaneously they walk forward and hug , Harry grip the still-sopping back of Ron 's jacket . " and now , " say Harry as they break apart , " all we have get to do be find that tent again . " but it be not difficult . though the walk through the dark forest with the doe have seem lengthy , with Ron by his side , the journey back seem to take a surprisingly short time . Harry could not wait to wake Hermione , and it be with quicken excitement that he enter the tent , Ron lag a little behind him . it be gloriously warm after the pool and the forest , the only illumination the bluebell flame still shimmer in a bowl on the floor . Hermione be fast asleep , curl up under her blanket , and do not move until Harry have say her name several time . " Hermione ! " she stir , then sit up quickly , push her hair out of her face . " what be wrong ? Harry ? be you all right ? " " it be okay , everything 's fine . more than fine , I be great . there be someone here . " " what do you mean ? who -- ? " she see Ron , who stand there hold the sword and drip onto the threadbare carpet . Harry back into a shadowy corner , slip off Ron 's rucksack , and attempt to blend in with the canvas . Hermione slide out of her bunk and move like a sleepwalker toward Ron , her eye upon his pale face . she stop right in front of him , her lip slightly part , her eye wide . Ron give a weak hopeful smile and half raise his arm . Hermione launch herself forward and start punch every inch of him that she could reach . " ouch -- ow -- gerroff ! what the -- ? Hermione -- OW ! " " you -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- Weasley ! " she punctuate every word with a blow : Ron back away , shield his head as Hermione advance . " you -- crawl -- back -- here -- after -- week -- and -- week -- oh , where be my wand ? " she look as though ready to wrestle it out of Harry 's hand and he react instinctively . " Protego ! " the invisible shield erupt between Ron and Hermione . the force of it knock her backward onto the floor . spit hair out of her mouth , she lept up again . " Hermione ! " say Harry . " calm -- " " I will not calm down ! " she scream . never before have he see her lose control like this ; she look quite dement . " give me back my wand ! give it back to me ! " " Hermione , will you please -- " " do n't you tell me what do , Harry Potter ! " she screech . " do n't you dare ! give it back now ! and you ! " she be point at Ron in dire accusation : it be like a malediction , and Harry could not blame Ron for retreat several step . " I cam run after you ! I call you ! I beg you to come back " " I know , " Ron say , " Hermione , I be sorry , I be really -- " " oh , you be sorry ! " she laugh a high-pitched , out-of-control sound ; Ron look at Harry for help , but Harry merely grimace his helplessness . " you come back after week -- week -- and you think it be all go to be all right if you just say sorry ? " " well , what else can I say ? " Ron shout , and Harry be glad that Ron be fight back . " oh , I do n't know ! " yell Hermione with awful sarcasm . " rack your brain , Ron , that should only take a couple of second -- " " Hermione , " interject Harry , who consider this a low blow , " he just save my -- " " I do n't care ! " she scream . " I do n't care what he be do ! week and week , we could have be dead for all he know -- " " I know you be n't dead ! " bellow Ron , drown her voice for the first time , and approach as close as he could with the Shield Charm between them . " Harry be all over the Prophet , all over the radio , they be look for you everywhere , all these rumor and mental story , I know I will hear straight off if you be dead , you do n't know what it have be like -- " " what it have be like for you ? ? her voice be not so shrill only bat would be able to hear it soon , but she have reach a level of indignation that render her temporarily speechless , and Ron seize his opportunity . " I want to come back the minute I have Disapparated , but I walk straight into a gang of Snatchers , Hermione , and I could n't go anywhere ! " " a gang of what ? " ask Harry , as Hermione throw herself down into a chair with her arm and leg cross so tightly it seem unlikely that she would unravel them for several year . " snatcher , " say Ron . " they be everywhere -- gang try to earn gold by round up Muggle-borns and blood traitor , there be a reward from the Ministry for everyone capture . I be on my own and I look like I might be school age ; they get really excited , think I be a Muggle-born in hiding . I have to talk fast to get out of be drag to the Ministry . " " what do you say to them ? " " tell them I be Stan Shunpike . first person I could think of . " " and they believe that ? " " they be n't the bright . one of them be definitely part troll , the smell of him ... . " Ron glance at Hermione , clearly hopeful she might soften at this small instance of humor , but her expression remain stony above her tightly knot limb . " anyway , they have a row about whether I be Stan or not . it be a bit pathetic to be honest , but there be still five of them and only one of me , and they have take my wand . then two of them get into a fight and while the other be distract I manage to hit the one hold me in the stomach , grab his wand , disarm the bloke holding mine , and Disapparated . I do n't do it so well . Splinched myself again " -- Ron hold up his right hand to show two missing fingernail : Hermione raise her eyebrow coldly -- " and I come out mile from where you be . by the time I get back to that bit of riverbank where we have be ... you be go . " " gosh , what a gripping story , " Hermione say in the lofty voice she adopt when wish to wound . " you must have be simply terrify . meanwhile we go to Godric 's Hollow and , let 's think , what happen there , Harry ? oh yes , You-Know-Who 's snake turn up , it nearly kill both of us , and then You-Know-Who himself arrive and miss us by about a second . " " what ? " Ron say , gape from her to Harry , but Hermione ignore him . " imagine lose fingernail , Harry ! that really put our suffering into perspective , do n't it ? " " Hermione , " say Harry quietly , " Ron just save my life . " she appear not to have hear him . " one thing I would like to know , though , " she say , fix her eye on a spot a foot over Ron 's head . " how exactly do you find us tonight ? that be important . once we know , we will be able to make sure we be not visit by anyone else we do n't want to see . " Ron glare at her , then pull a small silver object from his jean pocket . " this . " she have to look at Ron to see what he be show them . " the Deluminator ? " she ask , so surprise she forget to look cold and fierce . " it do n't just turn the light on and off , " say Ron . " I do n't know how it work or why it happen then and not any other time , because I have be want to come back ever since I leave . but I be listen to the radio really early on Christmas morning and I hear ... I hear you . " he be look at Hermione . " you hear me on the radio ? " she ask incredulously . " no , I hear you come out of my pocket . your voice , " he hold up the Deluminator again , " come out of this . " " and what exactly do I say ? " ask Hermione , her tone somewhere between skepticism and curiosity . " my name . ' Ron . ' and you say ... something about a wand ... . " Hermione turn a fiery shade of scarlet . Harry remember : it have be the first time Won 's name have be say aloud by either of them since the day he have leave ; Hermione have mention it when talk about repair Harry 's wand . " so I take it out , " Ron go on , look at the Deluminator , " and it do n't seem different or anything , but I be sure I have hear you . so I click it . and the light go out in my room , but another light appear right outside the window . " Ron raise his empty hand and point in front of him , his eye focus on something neither Harry nor Hermione could see . " it be a ball of light , kind of pulse , and bluish , like that light you get around a Portkey , you know ? " " yeah , " say Harry and Hermione together automatically . " I know this be it , " say Ron . " I grab my stuff and pack it , then I put on my rucksack and go out into the garden . " the little ball of light be hover there , wait for me , and when I come out it bob along a bit and I follow it behind the shed and then it ... well , it go inside me . " " sorry ? " say Harry , sure he have not hear correctly . " it sort of float toward me , " say Ron , illustrate the movement with his free index finger , " right to my chest , and then -- it just go straight through . it be here , " he touch a point close to his hear , " I could feel it , it be hot . and once it be inside me , I know what I be suppose to do . I know it would take me where I need to go . so I Disapparated and come out on the side of a hill . there be snow everywhere ... . " " we be there , " say Harry . " we spend two night there , and the second night I keep think I could hear someone move around in the dark and call out ! " " yeah , well , that would have be me , " say Ron . " your protective spell work , anyway , because I could n't see you and I could n't hear you . I be sure you be around , though , so in the end I get in my sleeping bag and wait for one of you to appear . I think you will have to show yourselves when you pack up the tent . " " no , actually , " say Hermione . " we have be Disapparating under the Invisibility Cloak as an extra precaution . and we leave really early , because as Harry say , we have hear somebody blunder around . " " well , I stay on that hill all day , " say Ron . " I keep hope you will appear . but when it start to get dark I know I must have miss you , so I click the Deluminator again , the blue light come out and go inside me , and I Disapparated and arrive here in these wood . I still could n't see you , so I just have to hope one of you would show yourselves in the end -- and Harry do . well , I see the doe first , obviously . " " you see the what ? " say Hermione sharply . they explain what have happen and as the story of the silver doe and the sword in the pool unfold , Hermione frown form one to the other of them , concentrate so hard she forget to keep her limb lock together . " but it must have be a Patronus ! " she say . " could n't you see who be cast it ? do n't you see anyone ? and it lead you to the sword ! I ca n't believe this ! then what happen ? " Ron explain how he have watch Harry jump into the pool , and have wait for him to resurface ; how he have realize that something be wrong , dive in , and save Harry , then return for the sword . he get as far as the opening of the locket , then hesitate , and Harry cut in . " -- and Ron stab it with the sword . " " and ... and it go ? just like that ? " she whisper . " well , it -- it scream , " say Harry with half a glance at Ron . " here . " he throw the locket into her lap ; gingerly she pick it up and examine its puncture window . decide that it be at last safe to do so , Harry remove the Shield Charm with a wave of Hermione 's wand and turn to Ron . " do you just say now that you get away from the snatcher with a spare wand ? " " what ? " say Ron , who have be watch Hermione examine the locket . " oh -- oh yeah . " he tug open a buckle on his rucksack and pull a short dark wand out of his pocket . " here , I figure it be always handy to have a backup . " " you be right , " say Harry , hold out his hand . " mine be break . " " you be kid ? " Ron say , but at that moment Hermione get to her foot , and he look apprehensive again . Hermione put the vanquish Horcrux into the bead bag , then climb back into her bed and settle down without another word . Ron pass Harry the new wand . " about the good you could hope for , I think , " murmur Harry . " yeah , " say Ron . " could have be bad . remember those bird she set on me ? " " I still have n't rule it out , " come Hermione 's muffle voice from beneath her blanket , but Harry see Ron smile slightly as he pull his maroon pajamas out of his rucksack . Chapter Twenty Xenophilius Lovegood Harry have not expect Hermione 's anger to abate over night and be therefore unsurprised that she communicate mainly by dirty look and pointed silence the next morning . Ron respond by maintain an unnaturally somber demeanor in her presence as an outward sign of continue remorse . in fact , when all three of them be together Harry feel like the only non-mourner at a poorly attend funeral . during those few moment he spend alone with Harry , however ( collecting water and search the undergrowth for mushroom ) . Ron become shamelessly cheery . " someone help us , " he keep say , " someone send that doe , someone be on our side , One Horcrux down , mate ! " bolster by the destruction of the locket they set to debate the possible location of the other Horcruxes and even though they have discuss the matter so often before . Harry feel optimistic , certain that more breakthrough would succeed the first . Hermione 's sulkiness could not mar his buoyant spirit ; the sudden upswing in their fortune , the appearance of the mysterious due , the recovery of Gryffindor 's sword , and above all , Ron 's return make Harry so happy that it be quite difficult to maintain a straight face . late in the afternoon he and Ron escape Hermione 's baleful presence again and under the pretense of scour the bare hedge for nonexistent blackberry , they continue their ongoing exchange of news . Harry have finally manage to tell Ron the whole story of his and Hermione 's various wandering , right up to the full story of what have happen at Godric 's Hollow ; Ron be now fill Harry in on everything he have discover about the wide Wizarding world during his week away . " ... and how do you find out about the Taboo ? " he ask Harry after explain the many desperate attempt of Muggle-borns to evade the Ministry . " " the what ? " " you and Hermione have stop say You-Know-Who 's name ! " " oh , yeah , well , it be just a bad habit we have slip into , " say Harry . " but I have n't get a problem call him @card@ -- - " " No ! " roar Ron , cause Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione ( nose bury in a book at the tent entrance ) to scowl over at them . " sorry , " say Ron , wrench Harry back out of the bramble , " but the name have be jinx , Harry , that be how they track people ! use his name break protective enchantment , it cause some kind of magical disturbance -- - it be how they find us in Tottenham Court Road ! " " because we use his *name* ? " " exactly ! you have get to give them credit , it make sense . it be only people who be serious about stand up to him , like Dumbledore , who even dare use it . now they have put a Taboo on it , anyone who say it be trackable -- - quick-and-easy way to find order member ! they nearly get Kingsley -- - " " you be kid ? " " yeah , a bunch of Death Eaters corner him , Bill say but he fight his way out . he be on the run now just like us . " Ron scratch his chin thoughtfully with the end of his wand . " you do n't reckon Kingsley could have send that doe ? " " his Patronus be a lynx , we see it at the wedding , remember ? " " oh yeah ... " they move farther along the hedge , away from the tent and Hermione . " Harry ... you do n't reckon it could have be Dumbledore ? " " Dumbledore what ? " Ron look a little embarrassed , but say in a low voice , " Dumbledore ... the doe ? I mean , " Ron be watch Harry out of the corner of his eye , " he have the real sword last , do n't he ? Harry do not laugh at Ron , because he understand too well the longing behind the question . the idea that Dumbledore have manage to come back to them , that he be watch over them , would have inexpressibly comforting . he shake his head . " Dumbledore 's dead , " he say . " I see it happen , I see the body . he be definitely go . anyway his Patronus be a phoenix , not a doe " " Patronuses can change , though ca n't they ? " say Ron , " Tonks be change do n't it ? " yeah , but if Dumbledore be alive , why would n't he show himself ? why would n't he just hand us the sword ? " search me , " say Ron . " same reason he do n't give it to you while he be alive ? same reason he leave you an old Snitch and Hermione a book of kid 's story ? " " which be what ? " ask Harry , turn to look Ron full in the face desperate for the answer . " I dunno , " say Ron . " sometimes I have think , when I have be a bit hack off , he be have a laugh or -- - or he just want to make it more difficult , but I do n't think so , not anymore . he know what he be do when he give me the Deluminator , do n't he ? he -- well , " Ron 's ear turn bright red and he become engross in a tuft of grass at his foot , which he prod with his toe , " he must have know I will run out on you . " " no , " Harry correct him . " he must have know you will always want to come back . " Ron look grateful , but still awkward . partly to change the subject , Harry say , " speak of Dumbledore , have you hear what Skeeter write about him ? " " oh yeah , " say Ron at once , " people be talk about it quite a lot . ' Course , if thing be different it will be huge news , Dumbledore being pal with Grindelwald , but now it be just something to laugh about for people who do n't like Dumbledore , and a bit of a slap in the face for everyone who think he be such a good bloke . I do n't know that it be such a big deal , though . he be really young when they -- " " Our age , " say Harry , just as he have retort to Hermione , and something in his face seem to decide Ron against pursue the subject . a large spider sit in the middle of a frosted web in the bramble . Harry take aim at it with the wand Ron have give him the previous night , which Hermione have since condescend to examine , and have decide be make of blackthorn . " *Engorgio* " " the spider give a little shiver , bounce slightly in the web . Harry try again . this time the spider grow slightly large . " stop that , " say Ron sharply , " I be sorry I say Dumbledore be young , okay ? " Harry have forget Ron 's hatred of spider . " sorry -- - *Reducio* " the spider do not shrink . Harry look down at the blackthorn wand . every minor spell he have cast with it so far that day have seem less powerful than those he have produce with his phoenix wand . the new one feel intrusively unfamiliar , like have somebody else be hand sew to the end of his arm . " you just need to practice , " say Hermione , who have approach them noiselessly from behind and have stand watch anxiously as Harry try to enlarge and reduce the spider . " it be all a matter of confidence Harry . " he know why she want it to be all right ; she still feel guilty about break his wand . he bite back the retort that spring to his lip , that she could take the blackthorn wand if she think it make no difference , and he would have hers instead . keen for them all to be friend again , however , he agree ; but when Ron give Hermione a tentative smile , she stalk off and vanish behind her book once more . all three of them return to the tent when darkness fall , and Harry take first watch . sit in the entrance , he try to make the blackthorn wand levitate small stone at his foot ; but his magic still seem clumsy and less powerful than it have do before . Hermione be lie on her bunk reading , while Ron , after many nervous glance up at her , have take a small wooden wireless out of his rucksack and start to try to tune it . " there be this one program , " he tell Harry in a low voice , " that tell the news like it really be . all the other be on You-Know-Who 's side and be follow the Ministry line , but this one ... you wait till you hear it , it be great . only they ca n't do it every night , they have to keep change location in case they be raid and you need a password to tune in ... trouble be , I miss the last one ... " he drum lightly on the top of the radio with his wand mutter random word under his breath . he throw Hermione many covert glance , plainly fear an angry outburst , but for all the notice she take of him he might not have be there . for ten minute or so Ron tap and mutter , Hermione turn the page of her book , and Harry continue to practice with the blackthorn wand . finally Hermione climb down from her bunk . Ron cease his tap at once . " if it be annoy you , I will stop ! " he tell Hermione nervously . Hermione do not deign to respond , but approach Harry . " we need to talk , " she say . he look at the book still clutch in her hand . it be * the Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore.* " what ? " he say apprehensively . it fly through his mind that there be a chapter on him in there ; he be not sure he feel up to hear Rita 's version of his relationship with Dumbledore . Hermione 's answer however , be completely unexpected . " I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood . " he stare at her . " sorry ? " " Xenophilius Lovegood , Luna 's father . I want to go and talk to him ! " " er - why ? " she take a deep breath , as though brace herself , and say , " it be that mark , the mark in Beedle the Bard . look at this ! " she thrust the Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore under Harry 's unwilling eye and see a photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore have write Grindelwald , with Dumbledore 's familiar thin , slanting handwriting . he hate see absolute proof that Dumbledore really have write those word , that they have not be Rita 's invention . " the signature , " say Hermione . " look at the signature , Harry ! " he obey . for a moment he have no idea what she be talk about , but , look more closely with the aid of his light wand , he see that Dumbledore have replace the A of Albus with a tiny version of the same triangular mark inscribe upon the Tales of Beedle the Bard . " er - what be you -- ? " say Ron tentatively , but Hermione quell him with a look and turn back to Harry . " it keep crop up , do n't it ? " she say . " I know Viktor say it be Grindelwald 's mark , but it be definitely on that old grave in Godric 's Hollow , and the date on the headstone be long before Grindelwald come along ! and now this ! well , we ca n't ask Dumbledore or Grindelwald what it mean - I do n't even know whether Grindelwald 's still alive - but we can ask Mr. Lovegood . he be wear the symbol at the wedding . I be sure this be important , Harry ! " Harry do not answer immediately . he look into her intense , eager face and then out into the surrounding darkness , think . after a long pause he say , " Hermione , we do n't need another Godric 's Hollow . we talk ourselves into go there , and - " " but it keep appear , Harry ! Dumbledore leave me the Tales of Beedle the Bard , how do you know we be not suppose to find out about the sign ? " " here we go again ! " Harry feel slightly exasperate . " we keep try to convince ourselves Dumbledore leave us secret sign and clue - " " the Deluminator turn out to be pretty useful , " pipe up Ron . " I think Hermione 's right , I think we ought to go and see Lovegood . " Harry throw him a dark look . he be quite sure that Ron 's support of Hermione have little to do with a desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune . " it wo n't be like Godric 's Hollow , " Ron add , " Lovegood be on your side , Harry , the Quibbler have be for you all along , it keep tell everyone they have get to help you ! " " I be sure this be important ! " say Hermione earnestly . " but do n't you think if it be , Dumbledore would have tell me about it before he die ? " " maybe . . . maybe it be something you need to find out for yourself , " say Hermione with a faint air of clutch at straw . " yeah , " say Ron sycophantically , " that make sense . " " no , it do n't , " snap Hermione , " but I still think we ought to talk to Mr. Lovegood . a symbol that link Dumbledore , Grindelwald , and Godric 's Hollow ? Harry , I be sure we ought to know about this ! " " I think we should vote on it , " say Ron . " those in favor of go to see love good - " his hand fly into the air before Hermione 's . her lip quiver suspiciously as she raise her own . " outvote , Harry , sorry , " say Ron , clap him on the back . " fine , " say Harry , half amused , half irritate . " only , once we have see Lovegood , let be try and look for some more Horcruxes , shall we ? where do the Lovegood 's live , anyway ? do either of you know ? " yeah , they be not far from my place , " say Ron . " I dunno exactly where , but Mum and Dad always point toward the hill whenever they mention them . should n't be hard to find . " when Hermione have return to her bunk , Harry lower his voice . " you only agree to try and get back in her good book . " " all be fair in love and war , " say Ron brightly , " and this be a bit of both . Cheer up , it be the Christmas holiday , Luna will be home ! " they have an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. Catchopole from the breezy hillside to which they Disapparated next morning . from their high vantage point the village look like a collection of toy house in the great slanting shaft of sunlight stretch to earth in the break between cloud . they stand for a minute or two look toward the Burrow , their hand shadow their eye , but all they could make out be the high hedge and tree of the orchard , which afford the crooked little house protection from Muggle eye . " it be weird , be this near , but not go to visit , " say Ron . " well , it be not like you have n't just see them . you be there for Christmas , " say Hermione coldly . " I be n't at the Burrow ! " say Ron with an incredulous laugh . " do you think I be go to go back there and tell them all I have walk out on you ? yeah , Fred and George would have be great about it . and Ginny , she will have be really understand . " " but where have you be , then ? " ask Hermione , surprise . " Bill and Fleur 's new place . Shell cottage . Bill have always be decent to me . he - he be n't impress when he hear what I have do , but he do n't go on about it . he know I be really sorry . none of the rest of the family know I be there . bill tell Mum he and Fleur be n't go home for Christmas because they want to spend it alone . you know , first holiday after they be marry . I do n't think Fleur mind . you know how much she hate Celestina Warbeck . " Ron turn his back on the Burrow . " let be try up here , " he say , lead the way over the top of the hill . they walk for a few hour , Harry , at Hermione 's insistence , hide beneath the Invisibility Cloak . the cluster of low hill appear to be uninhabited apart from one small cottage , which seem desert . " do you think it be theirs , and they have go away for Christmas ? " say Hermione , peer through the window at a neat little kitchen with geranium on the windowsill . Ron snort . " listen , I have get a feeling you will be able to tell who live there if you look through the Lovegoods ' window . let be try the next lot of hill . " so they Disapparated a few mile farther north . " Aha ! " shout Ron , as the wind whip their hair and clothes . Ron be point upward , toward the top of the hill on which they have appear , where a most strange-looking house rise vertically against the sky , a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hang behind it in the afternoon sky . " that be get to be Luna 's house , who else would live in a place like that ? it look like a giant rook ! " " it be nothing like a bird , " say Hermione , frown at the tower . " I be talk about a chess rook , " say Ron . " a castle to you . " Ron 's leg be the long and he reach the top of the hill first . when Harry and Hermione catch up with him , pant and clutch stitch in their side , they find him grin broadly . " it be theirs , " say Ron . " look . " three hand-painted sign have be tack to a broke-down gate . the first read , the QUIBBLER . editor , X. LOVEGOOD the second , Pick YOUR Own MISTLETOE the third , Keep Off THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS the gate creak as they open it . the zigzag path lead to the front door be overgrow with a variety of odd plant , include a bush cover in orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wear as earring . Harry think he recognize a Snargaluff and give the wizened stump a wide berth . two aged crab apple tree , bend with the wind , strip of leaf but still heavy with berry-sized red fruit and bushy crown of white bead mistletoe , stand sentinel on either side of the front door . a little owl with a slightly flatten hawklike head peer down at them from one of the branch . " you will well take off the Invisibility Cloak , Harry , " say Hermione . " it be you Mr. Lovegood want to help , not us . " he do as she suggest , hand her the Cloak to stow in the bead bag . she then rap three time on the thick black door , which be stud with iron nail and bear a knocker shape like an eagle . barely ten second pass , then the door be fling open and there stand Xenophilius Lovegood , barefoot and wear what appear to be a stain nightshirt . his long white candyfloss hair be dirty and unkempt . Xenophilius have be positively dapper at Bill and Fleur 's wedding by comparison . " what ? what be it ? who be you ? what do you want ? " he cry in a high-pitched , querulous voice , look first at Hermione , then at Ron , and finally at Harry , upon which his mouth fall open in a perfect , comical O. " hello , Mr. Lovegood , " say Harry , hold out his hand , " I be Harry , Harry Potter . " Xenophilius do not take Harry 's hand , although the eye that be not point inward at his nose slide straight to the scar on Harry 's forehead . " would it be okay if we come in ? " ask Harry . " there be something we will like to ask you . " " I . . . I be not sure that be advisable , " whisper Xenophilius , he swallow and cast a quick look around the garden . " rather a shock . . . my word . . . I . . . I be afraid I do n't really think I ought to -- - " " it wont take long " say Harry , slightly disappoint by this less-than-warm welcome . " I -- - oh , all right then . come in , quickly , Quickly ! " they be barely over the threshold when Xenophilius slam the door shut behind them , they be stand in the most peculiar kitchen Harry have ever see . the room be perfectly circular , so that he feel like be inside a giant pepper pot . everything be curve to fit the wall - the stove , the sink , and the cupboard - and all of it have be paint with flower , insect , and bird in bright primary color . Harry think he recognize Luna 's style . the effect in such and enclose space , be slightly overwhelming . in the middle of the floor , a wrought-iron spiral staircase ld to the upper level . there be a great deal of clatter and bang come from overhead : Harry wonder what Luna could be do . " you will well come up . " say Xenophilius , still look extremely uncomfortable , and he lead the way . the room above seem to be a combination of live room and workplace , and as such , be even more cluttered than the kitchen . though much small and entirely round , the room somewhat resemble the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion that it have transform itself into a gigantic labyrinth comprise of century of hidden object . there be pile upon pile of book and paper on every surface . delicately make model of creature Harry do not recognize , all flap wing or snap jaw , hang from the ceiling . Luna be not there : the thing that be make such a racket be a wooden object cover in magically turn cog and wheel , it look like the bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of shelf , but after a moment Harry deduce that it be an old-fashioned printing press , due to the fact that it be churn out quibbler . " excuse me , " say Xenophilius , and he stride over to the machine , seize grubbily tablecloth from beneath an immense number of book and paper , which all tumble onto the floor , and throw it over the press , somewhat muffle the loud bang and clatter . he then face Harry . " why have you come here ? " before Harry could speak , however , Hermione let out a small cry of shock . " Mr. Lovegood - what be that ? " See be point at an enormous , gray spiral horn , not unlike that of a unicorn , which have be mount on the wall , protrude several foot into the room . " it be the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack , " say Xenophilius . " no it be n't ! " say Hermione . " Hermione , " mutter Harry , embarrass , " now be not the moment - " " but Harry , it be an erumpent horn ! it be a Class B Tradeable Material and it be an extraordinary dangerous thing to have in a house ! " " how will you know it be an erumpent horn ? " ask Ron , edge away from the horn as fast as he could , give the extreme clutter of the room . " there be a description in fantastic beast and where to find Them ! Mr. Lovegood , you need to get rid of it straightaway , do n't you know it can explode at the slight touch ? " " the Crumple Horned Snorkack " say Xenophilius very clearly , a mulish look upon his face , " be a shy and highly magical creature , and it be horn - " " Mr. Lovegood . I recognize the groove marking around the base , that be an erumpent horn and it be incredibly dangerous - I do n't know where you get it- " " I buy it , " say Xenophilius dogmatically . " two week ago , from a delightful young wizard who know my interest in the exquisite Snorkack . a Christmas surprise for my Luna . now , " he say , turn to Harry , " why exactly have you come here , Mr. Potter ? " " we need some help , " say Harry , before Hermione could start again . " ah , " say Xenophilius , " help , hmm . " his good eye move again to Harry 's scar . he seem simultaneously terrify and mesmerize . " yes . the thing be ... help Harry Potter ... rather dangerous ... " " be n't you the one who keep tell everyone it be their first duty to help Harry ? " say Ron . " in that magazine of yours ? " Xenophilius glance behind him at the conceal printing press , still bang and clatter beneath the tablecloth . " er - yes , I have express that view . however - " " that be for everyone else to do , not you personally ? " say Ron . Xenophilius do not answer . he keep swallow , his eye dart between the three of them . Harry have the impression that he be undergo some painful internal struggle . " where be Luna ? " ask Hermione . " let be see what she think . " Xenophilius gulp . he seem to be steel himself . finally he say in a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press , " Luna be down at the stream , fishing for Freshwater Plimpies . she ... she will like to see you . I will go and call her and then - yes , very well . I shall try to help you . " he disappear down the spiral staircase and they hear the front open and close . they look at each other . " cowardly old wart , " say Ron . " Luna 's get ten time his gut . " " he be probably worry about what will happen to them if the Death Eaters find out I be here " say Harry . " well , I agree with Ron , " say Hermione , " awful old hypocrite , tell everyone else to help you and try to worm our of it himself . and for heaven 's sake keep away from that horn . " Harry cross to the window on the far side of the room . he could see a stream , a thin , glitter ribbon lie far below them at the base of the hill . they be very high up ; a bird flutter past the window as he stare in the direction of the Burrow , now invisible beyond another line of hill . Ginny be over there somewhere . they be closer to each other today than they have be since Bill and Fleur 's wedding , but she could have no idea he be gaze toward her now , think of her . he suppose he ought to be glad of it ; anyone he come into contact with be in danger , Xenophilius 's attitude prove that . he turn away from the window and his gaze fall upon another peculiar object standing upon the cluttered , curve slide board ; a stone but of a beautiful but austere-looking witch wear a most bizarre-looking headdress . two object that resemble golden ear trumpet curve out from the side . a tiny pair of glitter blue wing be stick to a leather strap that run over the top of her head , while one of the orange radish have be stick to a second strap around her forehead . " look at this , " say Harry . " fetch , " say Ron . " surprise he do n't hear that to the wedding . " they hear the front door close , and a moment later Xenophilius climb back up the spiral staircase into the room , his thin leg now encase in Wellington boot , bear a tray of ill-assorted teacup and a steam teapot . " ah , you have spot my pet invention , " he say , shove the tray into Hermione 's arm and join Harry at the statue 's side . " model , fittingly enough , upon the head of the beautiful Rowens Ravenclaw , ' Wit beyond measure be a man 's great treasure ! ' " he indicate the object like ear trumpet . " these be the Wrackpurt siphon - to remove all source of distraction from the thinker 's immediate area . here , " he point out the tiny wing , " a billywig propeller , to induce an elevated frame of mind . finally , " he point to the orange radish , " the dirigible Plum , so as to enhance the ability to accept the extraordinary . " Xenophilius stride back to the tea tray , which Hermione have manage to balance precariously on one of the cluttered side table . " may I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots ? " say Xenophilius . " we make it ourselves . " as he start to pour out the drink , which be as deeply purple as beetroot juice , he add , " Luna be down beyond Bottom Bridge , she be most excite that you be here she ought not to be too long , she have catch nearly enough Plumpies to make soup for all of us . do sit down and help yourselves to sugar . " now , " he remove a totter pile of paper from an armchair and sit down , his Wellingtoned leg cross , " how may I help you , Mr. Potter ? " " well , " say Harry , glance at Hermione , who nod encouragingly , " it be about that symbol you be wear around your neck at Bill and Fleur 's wedding , Mr. Lovegood . we wonder what it mean . " Xenophilius raise his eyebrow . " be you refer to the sign of the Deathly Hallows ? " Chapter Twenty-One The Tale of the Three Brothers Harry turn to look at Ron and Hermione . neither of them seem to have understand what Xenophilius have say either . " the Deathly Hallows ? " " that be right , " say Xenophilius . " you have n't hear of them ? I be not surprise . very , very few wizard believe . witness that knuckle-headed young man at your brother 's wedding , " he nod at Ron , " who attack me for sport the symbol of a well-known dark wizard ! such ignorance . there be nothing dark about the Hallows - at least not in that crude sense . one simply use the symbol to reveal oneself to other believer , in the hope that they might help one with the Quest . " he stir several lump of sugar into his Gurdyroot infusion and drink some . " I be sorry , " say Harry , " I still do n't really understand . " to be polite , he take a sip from his cup too , and almost gag : the stuff be quite disgusting , as though someone have liquidize bogey-flavored Every Flavor Beans . " well , you see , believer seek the Deathly Hallows , " say Xenophilius , smack his lip in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyroot infusion . " but what be the Deathly Hallows ? " ask Hermione . Xenophilius set aside his empty teacup . " I assume that you be familiar with ' the Tale of the Three Brothers ' ? " Harry say , " no , " but Ron and Hermione both say , " Yes . " Xenophilius nod gravely . " well , well , Mr. Potter , the whole thing start with ' the Tale of the Three Brothers ' . . . I have a copy somewhere . . . " he glance vaguely around the room , at the pile of parchment and book , but Hermione say , " I have get a copy , Mr. Lovegood , I have get it right here . " and she pull out the Tales of Beedle the Bard from the small , bead bag . " the original ? " inquire Xenophilius sharply , and when she nod , he say , " well then , why do n't you read it out aloud ? much the good way to make sure we all understand . " " er . . . all right , " say Hermione nervously . she open the book , and Harry see that the symbol they be investigate head the top of the page as she give a little cough , and begin to read . " ' there be once three brother who be travel along a lonely , wind road at twilight - ' " " Midnight , our mum always tell us , " say Ron , who have stretch out , arm behind his head , to listen . Hermione shoot him a look of annoyance . " sorry , I just think it be a bit spooky if it 's midnight ! " say Ron . " yeah , because we really need a bit more fear in our life , " say Harry before he could stop himself . Xenophilius do not seem to be pay much attention , but be stare out of the window at the sky . " go on , Hermione . " " in time , the brother reach a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across . however , these brother be learn in the magical art , and so they simply wave their wand and make a bridge appear across the treacherous water . they be halfway across it when they find their path block by a hooded figure . " ' and Death speak to them - ' " " sorry , " interject Harry , " but Death speak to them ? " " it be a fairy tale , Harry ! " " right , sorry . go on . " " ' and Death speak to them . he be angry that he have be cheat out of the three new victim , for traveler usually drown in the river . but Death be cunning . he pretend to congratulate the three brother upon their magic , and say that each have earn a prize for have be clever enough to evade him . " ' so the old brother , who be a combative man , ask for a wand more powerful than any in existence : a wand that must always win duel for its owner , a wand worthy of a wizard who have conquer death ! so Death cross to an elder tree on the bank of the river , fashion a wand from a branch that hang there , and give it to the old brother . " ' then the second brother , who be an arrogant man , decide that he want to humiliate death still further , and ask for the power to recall other from death . so Death pick up a stone from the riverbank and give it to the second brother , and tell him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead . " ' and then Death ask the third and young brother what he would like . the young brother be the humble and also the wise of the brother , and he do not trust death . so he ask for something that would enable him to go forth from that place without be follow by Death . and Death , most unwillingly , hand over his own Cloak of Invisibility . ' " " Death 's get an Invisibility Cloak ? " Harry interrupt again . " so he can sneak up on people , " say Ron . " sometimes he get bore of run at them , flap his arm and shriek . . . sorry , Hermione . " " ' Then Death stand aside and allow the three brother to continue on their way , and they do so talk with wonder of the adventure they have have and admire Death 's gift . " ' in due course the brother separate , each for his own destination . " ' the first brother travel on for a week more , and reach a distant village , seek out a fellow wizard with whom he have a quarrel . naturally , with the Elder Wand as his weapon , he could not fail to win the duel that follow . leave his enemy dead upon the floor the old brother proceed to an inn , where he boast loudly of the powerful wand he have snatch from Death himself , and of how it make him invincible . " ' that very night , another wizard creep upon the old brother as he lie , winesodden upon his bed . the thief take the wand and for good measure , slit the old brother 's throat . " ' and so Death take the first brother for his own . " ' meanwhile , the second brother journey to his own home , where he live alone . here he take out the stone that have the power to recall the dead , and turn it thrice in his hand . to his amazement and his delight , the figure of the girl he have once hope to marry , before her untimely death , appear at once before him . " ' yet she be sad and cold , separated from him as by a veil . though she have return to the mortal world , she do not truly belong there and suffer . finally the second brother , drive mad with hopeless longing , kill himself so as to truly join her . " ' and so Death take the second brother from his own . " ' but though Death search for the third brother for many year , he be never able to find him . it be only when he have attain a great age that the young brother finally take off the Cloak of Invisibility and give it to his son . and the he greet death as an old friend , and go with him gladly , and , equal , they depart this life . ' " Hermione close the book . it be a moment or two before Xenophilius seem to realize that she have stop reading ; then he withdraw his gaze from the window and say : " well , there you be . " " sorry ? " say Hermione , sound confuse . " those be the Deathly Hallows , " say Xenophilius . he pick up a quill from a packed table at his elbow , and pull a torn piece of parchment from between more book . " the Elder Wand , " he say , and draw a straight vertical line upon the parchment . " the Resurrection Stone , " he say , and add a circle on top of the line . " the Cloak of Invisibility , " he finish , enclose both line and circle in a triangle , to make the symbol that so intrigue Hermione . " together , " he say , " the Deathly Hallows . " " but there be no mention of the word ' Deathly Hallows ' in the story , " say Hermione . " well , of course not , " say Xenophilius , maddeningly smug . " that be a child 's tale , tell to amuse rather than to instruct . those of us who understand these matter , however , recognize that the ancient story refer to three object , or Hallows , which , if unite , will make the possessor master of Death . " there be a short silence in which Xenophilius glance out of the window . already the sun be low in the sky . " Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon , " he say quietly . " when you say ' master of Death ' - " say Ron . " master , " say Xenophilius , wave an airy hand . " conqueror . vanquisher . whichever term you prefer . " " but then . . . do you mean . . . " say Hermione slowly , and Harry could tell that she be try to keep any trace of skepticism out of her voice , " that you believe these object - these Hallows - really exist ? " Xenophilius raise his eyebrow again . " well , of course . " " but , " say Hermione , and Harry could hear her restraint start to crack , " Mr. Lovegood , how can you possibly believe - ? " " Luna have tell me all about you , young lady , " say Xenophilius . " you be , I gather , not unintelligent , but painfully limited . narrow . close-minded . " " perhaps you ought to try on the hat , Hermione , " say Ron , nod toward the ludicrous headdress . his voice shake with the strain of not laugh . " Mr. Lovegood , " Hermione begin again , " we all know that there be such thing as Invisibility Cloaks . they be rare , but they exist . but - " " ah , but the Third Hallow be a true Cloak of Invisibility , Miss Granger ! I mean to say , it be not a travel cloak imbue with a Disillusionment Charm , or carry a Bedazzling Hex , or else weave from Demiguise hair , which will hide one initially but fade with the year until it turn opaque . we be talk about a cloak that really and truly render the wearer completely invisible , and endure eternally , give constant and impenetrable concealment , no matter what spell be cast at it . how many cloak have you ever see like that , Miss Granger ? " Hermione open her mouth to answer , then close it again , look more confuse than ever . she , Harry and Ron glance at one another , and Harry know that they be all think the same thing . it so happen that a cloak exactly like the one Xenophilius have just describe be in the room with them at that very moment . " exactly , " say Xenophilius , as if he have defeat them all in reasoned argument . " none of you have ever see such a thing . the possessor would be immeasurably rich , would he not ? " he glance out of the window again . the sky be now ting with the faint trace of pink . " all right , " say Hermione , disconcert . " say the Cloak exist . . . what about that stone , Mr. Lovegood ? the thing you call the Resurrection Stone ? " " what of it ? " " well , how can that be real ? " " prove that be not , " say Xenophilius . Hermione look outraged . " but that be - I be sorry , but that be completely ridiculous ! how can I possibly prove it do n't exist ? do you expect me to get hold of - of all the pebble in the world and test them ? I mean , you could claim that anything be real if the only basis for believe in it be that nobody have prove it do n't exist ! " " yes , you could , " say Xenophilius . " I be glad to see that you be open your mind a little . " " so the Elder Wand , " say Harry quickly , before Hermione could retort , " you think that exist too ? " " oh , well , in that case there be endless evidence , " say Xenophilius . " the Elder Wand be the Hallow that be most easily trace , because of the way in which it pass from hand to hand . " " which be what ? " ask Harry . " which be that the possessor of the wand must capture it from its previous owner , if he be to be truly master of it , " say Xenophilius . " surely you have hear of the way the wand come to Egbert the egregious , after his slaughter of Emeric the Evil ? of how Godelot die in his own cellar after his son , Hereward , take the wand from him ? of the dreadful Loxias , who take the wand from Baraabas Deverill , whom he have kill ? the bloody trail of the Elder Wand be splatter across the page of Wizarding history . " Harry glance at Hermione . she be frown at Xenophilius , but she do not contradict him . " so where do you think the Elder Wand be now ? " ask Ron . " alas , who know ? " say Xenophilius , as he gaze out of the window . " who know where the Elder Wand lie hidden ? the trail go cold with Arcus and Livius . who can say which of them really defeat Loxias , and which take the wand ? and who can say who may have defeat them ? history , alas , do not tell us . " there be a pause . finally Hermione ask stiffly , " Mr. Lovegood , do the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows ? " Xenophilius look take aback as something shift in Harry 's memory , but he could not locate it . Peverell . . . he have hear that name before . . . " but you have be mislead me , young woman ! " say Xenophilius , now sit up much straight in his chair and goggle at Hermione . " I think you be new to the Hallows Quest ! many of us quester believe that the Peverells have everything - everything ! - to do with the Hallows ! " " who be the Peverells ? " ask Ron . " that be the name on the grave with the mark on it , in Godric 's Hollow , " say Hermione , still watch Xenophilius . " Ignotus Peverell . " " exactly ! " say Xenophilius , his forefinger raise pedantically . " the sign of the Death Hallows on Ignotus 's grave be conclusive proof ! " " of what ? " ask Ron . " why , that the three brother in the story be actually the three Peverell brother , Antioch , Cadmus and Ignotus ! that they be the original owner of the Hallows ! " with another glance at the window he get to his foot , pick up the tray , and head for the spiral staircase . " you will stay for dinner ? " he call , as he vanish downstairs again . " everybody always request our recipe for Freshwater Plimply soup . " " probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo 's , " say Ron under his breath . Harry wait until they could hear Xenophilius move about in the kitchen downstairs before speak . " what do you think ? " he ask Hermione . " oh , Harry , " she say wearily , " it be a pile of utter rubbish . this ca n't be what the sign really mean . this must just be his weird take on it . what a waste of time . " " I s'pose this be the man who bring us Crumple-Horned Snorkacks , " say Ron . " you do n't believe it either ? " Harry ask him . " Nah , that story be just one of those thing you tell kid to teach them lesson , be n't it ? ' do n't go look for trouble , do n't go pick fight , do n't go mess around with stuff that be well leave alone ! just keep your head down , mind your own business , and you will be okay . come to think of it , " Ron add , " maybe that story be why elder wand be suppose to be unlucky . " " what be you talk about ? " " one of those superstition , be n't it ? ' May-born witch will marry Muggles . ' ' Jinx by twilight , undo by midnight . ' ' Wand of cider , never prosper . ' you must have hear them . my mum be full of them . " " Harry and I be raise by Muggles , " Hermione remind him . " we be teach different superstition . " she sigh deeply as a rather pungent smell drift up from the kitchen . the one good thing about her exasperation with Xenophilius be that it seem to have make her forget that she be annoy at Ron . " I think you be right , " she tell him . " it be just a morality tale , it be obvious which gift be good , which one you will choose - " the three of them speak at the same time : Hermione say , " the Cloak , " Ron say , " the wand , " and Harry say , " the stone . " they look at each other , half surprised , half amuse . " you be suppose to say the Cloak , " Ron tell Hermione , " but you would n't need to be invisible if you have the wand . an unbeatable wand , Hermione , come on ! " " we have already get an Invisibility Cloak , " say Harry , " and it have help us rather a lot , in case you have n't notice ! " say Hermione . " whereas the wand would be bind to attract trouble -- " " only if you shout about it , " argue Ron . " only if you be prat enough to go dancing around wave it over your head , and sing , ' I have get an unbeatable want , come and have a go if you think you be hard enough . ' as long as you keep your trap shut -- " -Yes , but could you keep your trap shut ? " say Hermione , look skeptical . " you know the only true thing he say to us be that there have be story about extra-powerful wand for hundred of year . " " there have ? " ask Harry . Hermione look exasperate : the expression be so endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grin at each other . " the Deathstick , the Wand of Destiny , they crop up under different name through the century , usually in the possession of some dark wizard who be boast about them . Professor Binns mention some of them , but -- oh it be all nonsense . wand be only as powerful as the wizard who use them . some wizard just like to boast that theirs be big and good than other people 's " " but how do you know , " say Harry , " that those want -- the Deathstick , and the Wand of Destiny -- be n't the same want , surface over the century under different name ? " " what if they be all really the Elder Wand , make by death ? " say Ron . Harry laugh : the strange idea that have occur to him be after all , ridiculous . his wand , he remind himself , have be of holly , not elder , and it have be make by Ollivander , whatever it have do that night Voldemort have pursue him across the sky and if it have be unbeatable , how could it have be break ? " so why would you take the stone ? " Ron ask him . " well , if you could bring people back , we could have Sirius ... Mad Eye ... Dumbledore ... my parent ... " Neither Ron nor Hermione smile . " but accord to Beedle the Bard , they would n't want to come back , would they ? " say Harry , think about the tail they have just hear . " I do n't suppose there have be load of other story about a stone that can raise the dead , have there ? : he ask Hermione . " no , " she reply sadly . " I do n't think anyone except Mr. Lovegood could kid themselves that be possible . Beedle probably take the idea from the Sorcerer 's Stone ; you know , instead of a stone to make you immortal , a stone to reverse death . " the smell from the kitchen be get strong . it be something like burn underpants . Harry wonder whether it would be possible to eat enough of whatever Xenophilius be cook to spare his feeling . " what about the Cloak , though ? " say Ron slowly . " do n't you realize , he be right ? I have get so use to Harry 's Cloak and how good it be , I never stop to think . I have never hear of one like Harry 's . it be infallible . we have never be spot under it -- " " of course not -- we be invisible when we be under it , Ron ! " " but all the stuff he say about other cloak , and they be not exactly ten a Knut , you know , be true ! it be never occur to me before but I have hear stuff about charm wear off cloak when they get old , or them be rip apart by spell so they have get hole , Harry 's be own by his dad , so it be not exactly new , be it , but it be just ... perfect ! " " yes , all right , but Ron , the stone ... " as they argue in whisper , Harry move around the room , only half listening . reach the spiral stair , he raise his eye absently to the next level and be distract at once . his own face be look back at him from the ceiling of the room above . after a moment 's bewilderment , he realize that it be not a mirror , but a painting . curious , he begin to clime the stair . " Harry , what be you do ? I do n't think you should look around when he be not here ! " but Harry have already reach the next level . Luna have decorate her bedroom ceiling with five beautifully paint face : Harry , Ron , Hermione , Ginny , and Neville . they be not move as the portrait at Hogwarts move , but there be a certain magic about them all the same . Harry think they breathe . what appear to be a fine golden chain weave around the picture link them together , but after examine them for a minute or so , Harry realize that the chain be actually one work repeat a thousand time in golden ink : friend ... friend ... friend ... Harry feel a great rush of affection for Luna . he look around the room . there be a large photograph beside the bed , of a young Luna and a woman who look very like her . they be hug . Luna look rather better-groomed in this picture than Harry have ever see her in life . the picture be dusty . this strike Harry as slightly odd . he stare around . something be wrong . the pale blue carpet be also thick with dust . there be no clothes in the wardrobe , whose door stand ajar . the bed have a cold , unfriendly look , as though it have not be sleep in for week . a single cobweb stretch over the near window across the blood red sky . " what be wrong ? " Hermione ask as Harry descend the staircase , but before he could respond , Xenophilius reach the top of the stair from the kitchen , now hold a tray lade with bowl . " Mr. Lovegood , " say Harry . " where be Luna ? " " excuse me ? " " where be Luna ? " Xenophilius halt on the top step . " I -- I have already tell you . she be down at the Botions Bridge fishing for Plimpies . " " so why have you only lay that tray for four ? " Xenophilius try to speak , but no sound come out . the only noise be the continued chug of the printing press , and a slight rattle from the tray as Xenophilius 's hand shake . " I do n't think Luna have be here for week . " say Harry . " her clothes be go , her bed have n't be sleep in . where be she ? and why do you keep look out of the window ? " Xenophilius drop the tray . the bowl bounce and smash Harry , Ron , and Hermione draw their wand . Xenophilius freeze his hand about to enter his pocket . at that moment the printing press have a huge bank and numerous quibbler come stream across the floor from underneath the tablecloth , the press fall silent at last . Hermione stoop down and pick up one of the magazine , her wand still point at Mr. Lovegood . " Harry , look at this " he stride over to her as quickly as he could through all the clutter . the front of the Quibbler carry his own picture , emblazon with the word " undesirable Number one " and caption with the reward money . " the Quibbler be go for a new angle , then ? : Harry ask coldly , his mind work very fast . " be that what you be do when you go into the garden , Mr. Lovegood ? send an owl to the Ministry ? Xenophilius lick his lip " they take my Luna , " he whisper , " because of what I have be write . they take my Luna and I do n't know where she be , what they have do to her . but they might give her back to me if I -- if I -- " " Hand over Harry ? " Hermione finish for him . " no deal . " say Ron flatly . " get out of the way , we be leave . " Xenophilius look ghastly , a century old , his lip draw back into a dreadful leer . " they will be here any moment . I must save Luna . I can lose Luna . you must not leave . " he spread his arm in front of the staircase , and Harry have a sudden vision of his mother do the same thing in front of his crib . " do n't make us hurt you , " Harry say . " get out of the way , Mr. Lovegood . " " harry ! " Hermione scream . figure on broomstick be fly past the window . as the three of them look away from him . Xenophilius draw his wand . Harry realize their mistake just in time . he launch himself sideways , shove Ron and Hermione out of harm 's way as Xenophilius 's Stunning Spell soar across the room and hit the erumpent horn . there be a colossal explosion . the sound of it seem to blow the room apart . fragment of wood and paper and rubble fly in all direction , along with an impenetrable cloud of thick white dust . Harry fly through the air , then crash to the floor , unable to see as debris rain upon him , his arm over his head . he hear Hermione 's scream , Ron 's yell , and a series of sickening metallic thud which tell him that Xenophilius have be blast off his foot and fall backward down the spiral stair . half bury in rubble , Harry try to raise himself . he could barely breathe or see for dust . half of the ceiling have fall in and the end of Luna 's bead be hang through the hole . the bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lie beside him with half its face miss fragment of torn parchment be float through the air , and most of the printing press lie on its side , block the top of the staircase to the kitchen . then another white shape move close by , and Hermione , coat in dust like a second statue , press his finger to her lip . the door downstairs crash open . " do n't I tell you there be no need to hurry , Travers ? " say a rough voice . " do n't I tell you this nutter be just rave as usual ? " there be a bang and a scream of pain from Xenophilius . " no ... no ... upstairs ... Potter ! " " I tell you last week Lovegood , we be n't come back for anything less than some solid information ! remember last week ? when you want to swap your daughter for that stupid bleeding headdress ? and the week before " -- another bang , another squeal -- " when you think we will give her back if you offer us proof there be Cumple " -- Bang -- " Headed"--bang--"Snorkacks ? " " no -- no -- I beg of you ! " sob Xenophilius . " it really be Potter , really ! " " and now it turn out you only call us here to try and blow us up ! " roar the Death Eater , and there be a volley of bang intersperse with squeal of agony from Xenophilius . " the place look like it be about to fall in , Selwyn , " say a cool second voice , echo up the mangle staircase . " the stair be completely block . could try clear it ? might bring the place down . " " you lie piece of filth . " shout the wizard name Selwyn . " you have never see Potter in your life , have you ? think you will lure us here to kill us , do you ? and you think you will get your girl back like this ? " " I swear ... I swear ... Potter 's upstairs ! " " Homenum revelio . " say the voice at the foot of the stair . Harry hear Hermione gasp , and he have the odd sensation something be swoop low over him , immerse his body in its shadow . " there be someone up there all right , Selwyn , " say the second man sharply . " it be Potter , I tell you , it be Potter ! " sob Xenophilius . " please ... please ... give me Luna , just let me have Luna ... " " you can have your little girl , Lovegood , " say Selwyn , " if you get up those stair and bring me down Harry Potter . but if this be a plot , if it be a trick , if you have get an accomplice wait up there to ambush us , we will see if we can spare a bit of your daughter for you to bury . " Xenophilius give a wail of fear and despair . there be scurryings and scrapings . Xenophilius be try to get through the debris on the stair . " come on , " Harry whisper , " we have get to get out of here . " he start to dig himself out under cover of all the noise Xenophilius be make on the staircase . Ron be bury the deep . Harry and Hermione climb , as quietly as they could , over all the wreckage to where he lie , try to prise a heavy chest of drawer off his leg . while Xenophilius bang and scrape draw near and near , Hermione manage to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm . " all right . " breathe Hermione , as the break printing press block the top of the stair begin to tremble . Xenophilius be foot away from them . she be still white with dust . " do you trust me Harry ? " Harry nod . " okay then . " Hermione whisper . " give me the invisibility Cloak . Ron , you be go to put it on . " " me ? but Harry -- " " Please , Ron ! Harry , hold on tight to my hand , Ron grab my shoulder . " Harry hold out his left hand . Ron vanish beneath the Cloak . the printing press block the stair be vibrate . Xenophilius be try to shift it use a Hover Charm . Harry do not know what Hermione be wait for . " hold tight " she whisper . " hold tight ... any second ... " Xenophilius 's paper-white face appear over the top of the sideboard . " Obliviate ! " cry Hermione , point her want first into his face then at the floor beneath them . " Deprimo ! " she have blast a hole in the sit room floor . they fall like boulder . Harry still hold onto her hand for dear life , there be a scream from below , and he glimpse two man try to get out of the way as vast quantity of rubble and break furniture rain all around them from the shattered ceiling . Hermione twist in midair and thunder of the collapse house ring in Harry 's ear as she drag him once more into darkness . Chapter Twenty-Two the Deathly Hallows Harry fall , pant , onto grass and scramble up at once . they seem to have land in the corner of a field at dusk ; Hermione be already run in a circle around them , wave her wand . " Protego Totalum…Salvio Hexia … " " that treacherous old bleeder . " Ron pant , emerge from beneath the Invisibility Cloak and throw it to Harry . " Hermione you be a genius , a total genius . I ca n't believe we get out of that . " " Cave Inimicum…Did n't I say it be an Frumpent horn , do n't I tell him ? and now his house have be blow apart ! " " serve him right , " say Ron , examine his torn jean and the cut to his leg , " what will you reckon they will do to him ? " " oh I hope they do n't kill him ! " groan Hermione , " that be why I want the Death Eaters to get a glimpse of Harry before we leave , so they know Xenophilius have n't be lie ! " " why hide me though ? " ask Ron . " you be suppose to be in bed with spattergrolt , Ron ! they have kidnap Luna because her father support Harry ! what would happen to your family if they know you be with him ? " " but what about your mum and dad ? " " they be in Australia , " say Hermione , " they should be all right . they do n't know anything . " " you be a genius , " Ron repeat , look awe . yeah , you be , Hermione , " agree Harry fervently . " I do n't know what we will do without you . " she beam , but become solemn at once . " what about Luna ? " " well , if they be tell the truth and she be still alive -- - " begin Ron . " do n't say that , do n't say it ! " squeal Hermione . " she must be alive , she must ! " " then she will be in Azkaban , I expect , " say Ron . " whether she survive the place , though…Loads do n't … " " she will , " say Harry . he could not bear to contemplate the alternative . " she be tough , Luna , much tough than you will think . she be probably teach all the inmate about Wrackspurts and Nargles . " " I hope you be right , " say Hermione . she pass a hand over her eye . " I will feel so sorry for Xenophilius if -- - " " -- -if he have n't just try to sell us to the Death Eaters , yeah , " say Ron . they put up the tent and retreat inside it , where Ron make them tea . after their narrow escape , the chilly , musty old place feel like home : safe , familiar , and friendly . " oh , why do we go there ? " groan Hermione after a few minute ' silence . " Harry , you be right , it be Godric 's Hollow all over again , a complete waste of time ! the Deathly Hallows…such rubbish…although actually , " a sudden thought seem to have strike her , " he might have make it all up , might n't he ? he probably do n't believe in the Deathly Hallows at all , he just want to keep us talk until the Death Eaters arrive ! " " I do n't think so , " say Ron . " it be a damn sight harder make stuff up when you be under stress than you will think . I find that out when the Snatchers catch me . it be much easy pretend to be Stan , because I know a bit about him , than invent a whole new person . Old Lovegood be under load of pressure , try to make sure we stay put . I reckon he tell us the truth , or what he think be the truth , just to keep us talk . " " well , I do n't suppose it matter , " sigh Hermione . " even if he be be honest , I never hear such a lot of nonsense in all my life . " " hang on , though , " say Ron . " the Chamber of Secrets be suppose to be a myth , be n't it ? " " but the Deathly Hallows ca n't exist , Ron ! " " you keep say that , but one of them can , " say Ron . " Harry 's Invisibility Cloak -- - " " the Tale of the Three Brothers ' be a story , " say Hermione firmly . " a story about how human be frighten of death . if survive be as simple as hide under the Invisibility Cloak , we will have everything we need already ! " " I do n't know . we could do with an unbeatable wand , " say Harry , turn the blackthorn wand he so dislike over in his finger . " there be no such thing , Harry ! " " you say there have be load of wand -- - the Deathstick and whatever they be call -- - " " all right , even if you want to kid yourself the Elder Wand 's real , what about the Resurrection Stone ? " her finger sketch quotation mark around the name , and her tone drip sarcasm . " no magic can raise the dead , and that be that ! " " when my wand connect with You-Know-Who 's , it make my mum and dad appear…and Cedric … " " but they be n't really back from the dead , be they ? " say Hermione . " those kind of -- -of pale imitation be n't the same as truly bring someone back to life . " " but she , the girl in the tale , do n't really come back , do she ? the story say that once people be dead , they belong with the dead . but the second brother still get to see her and talk to her , do n't he ? he even live with her for a while … " he see concern and something less easily definable in Hermione 's expression . then , as she glance at Ron , Harry realize that it be fear : he have scare her with his talk of live with dead people . " so that Peverell bloke who be bury in Godric 's Hollow , " he say hastily , try to sound robustly sane , " you do n't know anything about him , then ? " " no , " she reply , look relieve at the change of subject . " I look him up after I see the mark on his grave ; if he have be anyone famous or do anything important , I be sure he will be in one of our book . the only place I have manage to find the name ' Peverell ' I Nature 's nobility : a Wizarding Genealogy . I borrow it from Kreacher , " she explain as Ron raise his eyebrow . " it list the pure-blood family that be now extinct in the male line . apparently the Peverells be one of the early family to vanish . " " extinct in the male line ? " repeat Ron . " it mean the name die out , " say Hermione , " century ago , in the case of the Peverells . they could still have descendent , though , they will just be call something different . " and then it come to Harry in one shine piece , the memory that have stir at the sound of the name " Peverell " : a filthy old man brandish an ugly ring in the face of a Ministry official , and he cry aloud , " Marvolo Gaunt ! " " sorry say Ron and Hermione together . " Marvolo Gaunt ! You-Know-Who 's grandfather ! in the Pensieve ! with Dumbledore ! Marvolo Gaunt say he be descend from the Peverells ! " Ron and Hermione look bewilder . " the ring , the ring that become the Horcrux , Marvolo Gaunt say it have the Peverell coat of arm on it ! I see him wave it in the bloke from the Ministry 's face , he nearly shove it up his nose ! " " the Peverell coat of arm ? " say Hermione sharply . " could you see what it look like ? " " not really , " say Harry , try to remember . " there be nothing fancy on there , as far as I could see ; maybe a few scratch . I only ever see it really close up after it have be crack open . " Harry see Hermione 's comprehension in the sudden widening of her eye . Ron be look from one to the other , astonish . " Blimey…You reckon it be this sign again ? the sign of the Hallows ? " why not say Harry excitedly , " Marvolo Gaunt be an ignorant old git who live like a pig , all he care about be his ancestry . if that ring have be pass down through the century , he might not have know what it really be . there be no book in that house , and trust me , he be n't the type to read fairy tale to his kid . he will have love to think the scratch on the stone be a coat of arm , because as far as he be concerned , have pure blood make you practically royal . " " Yes…and that be all very interesting , " say Hermione cautiously , " but Harry , if you be think what I think you be think -- - " " well , why not ? why not ? say Harry , abandon caution . " it be a stone , be n't it ? " he look at Ron for support . " what if it be the Resurrection Stone ? " Ron 's mouth fall open . " Blimey -- - but would it still work if Dumbledore break -- - ? " " work ? work ? Ron , it never work ! there be no such thing as a Resurrection Stone ! " Hermione leap to her foot , look exasperate and angry . Harry you be try to fit everything into the Hallows story -- - " " Fit everything in ? " he repeat . " Hermione , it fit of its own accord ! I know the sign of the Deathly Hallows be on that stone ! Gaunt say he be descend from the Peverells ! " " a minute ago you tell us you never see the mark on the stone properly ! " " where will you reckon the ring be now ? " Ron ask Harry . " what do Dumbledore do with it after he break it open ? " " but Harry 's imagination be race ahead , far beyond Ron and Hermione 's … three object , or Hallows , which , if unite , will make the possessor master of Death…Master…Conqueror…Vanquisher…The last enemy that shall be destroy be death … and he see himself , possessor of the Hallows , face Voldemort , whose Horcruxes be no match…Neither can live while the other survives…Was this the answer ? hallow versus Horcruxes ? be there a way after all , to ensure that he be the one who triumph ? if he be the master of the Deathly Hallows , would he be safe ? " Harry ? " but he scarcely hear Hermione : he have pull out his Invisibility Cloak and be run it through his finger , the cloth supple as water , light as air . he have never see anything to equal it in his nearly seven year in the Wizarding world . the Cloak be exactly what Xenophilius have describe : a cloak that really and truly render the wearer completely invisible , and endure eternally , give constant and impenetrable concealment , no matter what spell be cast at it … and then , with a gasp , he remember - " Dumbledore have my cloak the night my parent die ! " his voice shake and he could feel the color in his face , but he do not care . " my mum tell Sirius that Dumbledore borrow the Cloak ! this be why ! he want to examine it , because he think it be the third Hallow ! Ignotus Peverell be bury in Godric 's Hollow … " Harry be walk blindly around the tent , feel as though great new vista of truth be open all around him . " he be my ancestor . I be descend from the third brother ! it all make sense ! " " he feel arm in certainty , in his belief in the Hallows , as if the mere idea of possess them be give him protection , and he feel joyous as he turn back to the other two . " Harry , " say Hermione again , but he be busy undo the pouch around his neck , his finger shake hard . " read it , " he tell her , push his mother 's letter into her hand . " read it ! Dumbledore have the Cloak , Hermione ! why else would he want it ? he do n't need a Cloak , he could perform a Disillusionment Charm so powerful that he make himself completely invisible without one ! " something fall to the floor and roll , glitter , under a chair : he have dislodge the Snitch when he pull out the letter . he stoop to pick it up , and then the newly tap spring of fabulous discovery throw him another gift , and shock and wonder erupt inside him so that he shout out . " it be in here ! he leave me the ring - it be in the Snitch ! " " you -- - you reckon ? " he could not understand why Ron look take aback . it be so obvious , so clear to Harry . everything fit , everything…His Cloak be the third Hallow , and when he discover how to open the Snitch he would have the second , and then all he need to do be find the first Hallow , the Elder Wand , and then -- - but it be as though a curtain fall on a light stage : all his excitement , all his hope and happiness be extinguish at a stroke , and he stand alone in the darkness , and the glorious spell be break . " that be what he be after . " the change in his voice make Ron and Hermione look even more scared . " You-Know-Who 's after the Elder Wand . " he turn his back on their strained , incredulous face . he know it be the truth . it all make sense , Voldemort be not seek a new wand ; he be seek an old wand , a very old wand indeed . Harry walk to the entrance of the tent , forget about Ron and Hermione as he look out into the night , think … Voldemort have be raise in a Muggle orphanage . nobody could have tell him the Tales of Beedle the Bard when he be a child , any more than Harry have hear them . hardly any wizard believe in the Deathly Hallows . be it likely that Voldemort know about them ? Harry gaze into the darkness…If Voldemort have know about the Deathly Hallows , surely he would have seek them , do anything to possess them : three object that make the possessor master of Death ? if he have know about the Deathly Hallows , he might not have need Horcruxes in the first place . do n't the simple fact that he have take a Hallow , and turn it into a Horcrux , demonstrate that he do not know this last great Wizarding secret ? which mean that Voldemort seek the Elder Wand without realize its full power , without understand that it be one of three…for the wand be the Hallow that could not be hide , whose existence be well known…The bloody trail of the Elder Wand be splatter across the page of Wizarding history … Harry watch the cloudy sky , curve of smoke-gray and silver slide over the face of the white moon . he feel lightheaded with amazement at his discovery . he turn back into the tent . it be a shock to see Ron and Hermione stand exactly where he have leave them , Hermione still hold Lily 's letter , Ron at her side look slightly anxious . do n't they realize how far they have travel in the last few minute ? " this be it ? " Harry say , try to bring them inside the glow of his own astonish certainty , " this explain everything . the Deathly Hallows be real and I have get one -- - maybe two -- - " he hold up the Snitch . " -- - and You-Know-Who be chase the third , but he do n't realize…he just think it be a powerful wand -- - " " Harry , " say Hermione , move across to him and hand him back Lily 's letter , " I be sorry , but I think you have get this wrong , all wrong . " " but do n't you see ? it all fit -- - " " not , it do n't , " she say . " it do n't . Harry , you be just get carry away . please , " she say as she start to speak , " please just answer me this : if the Deathly Hallows really exist , and Dumbledore know about them , know that the person who possess all of them would be master of death -- - Harry , why would n't he have tell you ? why ? " he have his answer ready . " but you say it , Hermione ! you have get to find out about them for yourself ! it be a Quest ! " " but I only say that to try and persuade you to come to the Lovegoods ' ! " cry Hermione in exasperation . " I do n't really believe it ! " Harry take no notice . " Dumbledore usually let me find out stuff for myself . he let me try my strength , take risk . this feel like the kind of thing he will do . " " Harry , this be n't a game , this be n't practice ! this be the real thing , and Dumbledore leave you very clear instruction : find and destroy the Horcruxes ! that symbol do n't mean anything , forget the Deathly Hallows , we ca n't afford to get sidetrack -- - " Harry be barely listen to her . he be turn the Snitch over and over in his hand , half expect it to break open , to reveal the Resurrection Stone , to prove to Hermione that he be right , that the Deathly Hallows be real . she appeal to Ron . " you do n't believe in this , do you ? " Harry look up , Ron hesitate . " I dunno…I mean…bits of it sort of fit together , " say Ron awkwardly , " but when you look at the whole thing … " he take a deep breath . " I think we be suppose to get rid of Horcruxes , Harry . that be what Dumbledore tell us to do . Maybe…maybe we should forget about this Hallows business . " " thank you , Ron , " say Hermione . " I will take first watch . " and she stride past Harry and sit down in the tent entrance bring the action to a fierce full stop . but Harry hardly sleep that night . the idea of the Deathly Hallows have take possession of him , and he could not rest while agitate thought whirl through his mind : the wand , the stone , and the Cloak , if he could just possess them all … I open at the close…But what be the close ? why could n't he have the stone now ? if only he have the stone , he could ask Dumbledore these question in person…and Harry murmur word to the Snitch in the darkness , try everything , even Parseltongue , but the golden ball would not open … and the wand , the Elder Wand , where be that hide ? where be Voldemort search now ? Harry wish his scar would burn and show him Voldemort 's thought , because for the first time ever , he and Voldemort be unite in want the very same thing…Hermione would not like that idea , of course…But then , she do not believe….Xenophilius have be right , in a way…Limited , Narrow , Close-minded . the truth be that she be scare of the idea of the Deathly Hallows , especially of the Resurrection Stone…and Harry press his mouth again to the Snitch , kiss it , nearly swallow it , but the cold medal do not yield … it be nearly dawn when he remember Luna , alone in a cell in Azkaban , surround by dementors , and he suddenly feel ashamed of himself . he have forget all about her in his feverish contemplation of the Hallows . if only they could rescue her , but dementors in those number would be virtually unassailable . now he come to think about it , he have not try cast a Patronus with the blackthorn wand…He must try that in the morning … if only there be a way of get a good wand … and desire for the Elder Wand , the Deathstick , unbeatable , invincible , swallow him once more … they pack up the tent next morning and move on through a dreary shower of rain . the downpour pursue them to the coast , where they pitch the tent that night , and persist through the whole week , through sodden landscape that Harry find bleak and depressing . he could think only of the Deathly Hallows . it be as though a flame have be light inside him that nothing , not Hermione 's flat disbelief nor Ron 's persistent doubt , could extinguish . and yet the fierce the longing for the Hallows burn inside him , the less joyful it make him . he blame Ron and Hermione : their determine indifference be as bad as the relentless rain for dampen his spirit , but neither could erode his certainty , which remain absolute . Harry 's belief in and longing for the Hallows consume him so much that he feel isolate from the other two and their obsession with the Horcruxes . " obsession ? " say Hermione in a low fierce voice , when Harry be careless enough to use the word one evening , after Hermione have tell him off for his lack of interest in locate more Horcruxes . " we be not the one with an obsession , Harry ! we be the one try to do what Dumbledore want us to do ! " but he be impervious to the veiled criticism . Dumbledore have leave the sign of the Hallows for Hermione to decipher , and he have also , Harry remain convinced of it , leave the Resurrection Stone hide in the golden Snitch . neither can live while the other survives…master of Death…Why do n't Ron and Hermione understand ? " ' the last enemy shall be destroy be death , ' " Harry quote calmly . " I think it be You-Know-Who we be suppose to be fight ? " Hermione retort , and Harry give up on her . even the mystery of the silver doe , which the other two insist on discuss , seem less important to Harry now , a vaguely interesting sideshow . the only other thing that matter to him be that his scar have begin to prickle again , although he do all he could to hide this fact from the other two . he seek solitude whenever it happen , but be disappoint by what he see . the vision he and Voldemort be share have change in quality ; they have become blur , shift as though they be move in and out of focus . Harry be just able to make out the indistinct feature of an object that look like a skull , and something like a mountain that be more shadow than substance . use to image sharp as reality , Harry be disconcert by the change . he be worry that the connection between himself and Voldemort have be damage , a connection that he both fear and , whatever he have tell Hermione , prize . somehow Harry connect these unsatisfy , vague image with the destruction of his wand , as if it be the blackthorn wand 's fault that he could no longer see into Voldemort 's mind as well as before . as the week creep on , Harry could not help but notice , even through his new selfabsorption , that Ron seem to be take charge . perhaps because he be determine to make up for have walk out on them , perhaps because Harry 's descent into listlessness galvanize his dormant leadership quality , Ron be the one now encourage and exhort the other two into action . " Three Horcruxes leave , " he keep say . " we need a plan of action , come on ! where have n't we look ? let be go through it again . the orphanage … " Diagon Alley , Hogwarts , the Riddle House , Borgin and Burkes , Albania , every place that they know Tom Riddle have ever live or work , visit or murder , Ron and Hermione rake over them again , Harry join in only to stop Hermione pester him . he would have be happy to sit alone in silence , try to read Voldemort 's thought , to find out more about the Elder Wand , but Ron insist on journey to ever more unlikely place simply , Harry be aware , to keep them move . " you never know , " be Ron 's constant refrain . " Upper Flagley be a Wizarding village , he might have want to live there . let be go and have a poke around . " these frequent foray into Wizarding territory bring them within occasional sight of Snatchers . " some of them be suppose to be as bad as Death Eaters , " say Ron . " the lot that get me be a bit pathetic , but Bill recons some of them be really dangerous . they say on Potterwatch -- - " " on what ? " say Harry . " Potterwatch , do n't I tell you that be what it be call ? the program I keep try to get on the radio , the only one that tell the truth about what be go on ! nearly all of the program be follow You-Know-Who 's line , all except Potterwatch , I really want you to hear it , but it be tricky tuning in … " Ron spend evening after evening use his wand to beat out various rhythm on top of the wireless while the dial whirl . occasionally they would catch snatch of advice on how to treat dragonpox , and once a few bar of " a Cauldron Full of Hot , strong love . " while he tape , Ron continue to try to hit on the correct password , mutter string of random word under his breath . " they be normally something to do with the order , " he tell them . " bill have a real knack for guess them . I be bind to get one in the end … " " but not until March do luck favor Ron at last . Harry be sit in the tent entrance , on guard duty , stare idly at a clump of grape hyacinth that have force their way through the chilly ground , when Ron shout excitedly from inside the tent . " I have get it , I have get it ! password be ' Albus ' ! get in here , Harry . " rouse for the first time in day from his contemplation of the Deathly Hallows , Harry hurry back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneel on the floor beside the little radio . Hermione , who have be polish the sword of Gryffindor just for something to do , be sit open-mouthed , stare at the tiny speaker , from which a most familiar voice be issue . " …apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves , which be due to a number of house call in our area by those charming death eater . " " but that be Lee Jordan ! " say Hermione . " I know ! " beam Ron . " cool , eh ? " " …now find ourselves another secure location , " Lee be say , and I be please to tell you that two of our regular contributor have join me here this evening . evening , boy ! " " hi . " " evening , River . " " ' River ' " that be Lee , " Ron explain . " they have all get code name , but you can usually tell -- - " " Shh ! " say Hermione . " but before we hear from Royal and Romulus , " Lee go on , " let be take a moment to report those death that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet do n't think important enough to mention . it be with great regret that we inform our listener of the murder of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell . " Harry feel a sick , swoop in his belly . he , Ron , and Hermione gaze at one another in horror . " a goblin by the name of Gornuk be also kill . it be believe that Muggle-born Dean Thomas and a second goblin , both believe to have be travel with Tonks , Cresswell , and Gornuk , may have escape . if Dean be listen , or if anyone have any knowledge of his whereabouts , his parent and sister be desperate for news . " meanwhile , in Gaddley , a Muggle family of five have be find dead in their home . Muggle authority be attribute their death to a gas leak , but member of the order of the Phoenix inform me that it be the Killing Curse -- - more evidence , as if it be need , of the fact that Muggle slaughter be become little more than a recreational sport under the new regime . " finally , we regret to inform our listener that the remain of Bathilda Bagshot have be discover in Godric 's Hollow . the evidence be that she die several month ago . the order of the Phoenix inform us that her body show unmistakable sign of injury inflict by Dark Magic . " listener , I will like to invite you now to join us in a minute 's silence in memory of Ted Tonks , Dirk Cresswell , Bathilda Bagshot , Gornuk , and the unnamed , but no less regret , Muggles murder by the Death Eaters . " silence fall , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione do not speak . half of Harry yearn to hear more , half of him be afraid of what might come next . it be the first time he have feel fully connected to the outside world for a long time . " thank you , " say Lee 's voice . " and now we can return to regular contributor Royal , for an update on how the new Wizarding order be affect the Muggle world . " " thanks , River , " say an unmistakable voice , deep , measured , reassuring . " Kingsley ! " burst out Ron . " we know ! " say Hermione , hush him . " Muggles remain ignorant of the source of their suffering as they continue to sustain heavy casualty , " say Kingsley . " however , we continue to hear truly inspirational story of wizard and witch risk their own safety to protect Muggle friend and neighbor , often without the Muggles ' knowledge . I will like to appeal to all our listener to emulate their example , perhaps by cast a protective charm over any Muggle dwelling in your street . many life could be save if such simple measure be take . " " and what would you say , Royal , to those listener who reply that in these dangerous time , it should be ' wizard first ' ? ask Lee . " I will say that it be one short step from ' wizard first ' to ' Purebloods first , ' and then to ' Death Eaters , ' " reply Kingsley . " we be all human , be n't we ? every human life be worth the same , and worth saving . " " excellently put , Royal , and you have get my vote for Minister of Magic if we ever get out of this mess , " say Lee . " and now , over to Romulus for our popular feature ' Pals of Potter . ' " " thanks , River , " say another very familiar voice . Ron start to speak , but Hermione forestall him in a whisper . " we know it be Lupin ! " " Romulus , do you maintain , as you have every time you have appear on our program , that Harry Potter be still alive ? " " I do , " say Lupin firmly . " there be no doubt at all in my mind that his death would be proclaim as widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it have happen , because it would strike a deadly blow at the morale of those resist the new regime . ' the Boy who Lived ' remain a symbol of everything for which we be fight : the triumph of good , the power of innocence , the need to keep resist . " a mixture of gratitude and shame well up in Harry . have Lupin forgive him , then , for the terrible thing he have say when they have last meet ? " and what would you say to Harry if you know he be listen , Romulus ? " " I will tell him we be all with him in spirit , " say Lupin , then hesitate slightly , " and I will tell him to follow his instinct , which be good and nearly always right . " Harry look at Hermione , whose eye be full of tear . " nearly always right , " she repeat . " oh , do n't I tell you ? " say Ron in surprise . " Bill tell me Lupin 's living with Tonks again ! and apparently she be get pretty big too … " " …and our usual update on those friend of Harry Potter 's who be suffer for their allegiance ? " Lee be say . " well , as regular listener will know , several of the more outspoken supporter of Harry Potter have now be imprison , include Xenophilius Lovegood , erstwhile editor of the Quibbler , " say Lupin . " at least he be still alive ! " mutter Ron . " we have also hear within the last few hour that Rubeus Hagrid " - all three of them gasp , and so nearly miss the rest of the sentence -- " well-known gamekeeper at Hogwarts School , have narrowly escape arrest within the ground of Hogwarts , where he be rumor to have host a ' Support Harry Potter ' party in his house . however , Hagrid be not take into custody , and be , we believe , on the run . " " I suppose it help , when escape from Death Eaters , if you have get a sixteenfoot-high half brother ? " ask Lee . " it would tend to give you an edge , " agree Lupin gravely . " may I just add that while we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrid 's spirit , we would urge even the most devote of Harry 's supporter against follow Hagrid 's lead . ' Support Harry Potter ' party be unwise in the present climate . " " indeed they be , Romulus , " say Lee , " so we suggest that you continue to show your devotion to the man with the lightning scar by listen to Potterwatch ! and now let be move to news concern the wizard who be prove just as elusive as Harry Potter . we like to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater , and here to give his view on some of the more insane rumor circulate about him , I will like to introduce a new correspondent . rodent ? " " ' Rodent ' ? " say yet another familiar voice , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione cry out together : " Fred ! " " no - be it George ? " " it be Fred , I think , " say Ron , lean in closer , as whichever twin it be say , " I be not be ' Rodent , ' no way , I tell you I want to be ' Rapier ' ! " " oh , all right then , ' Rapier , ' could you please give us your take on the various story we have be hear about the Chief Death Eater ? " " yes , River , I can , " say Fred . " as our listener will know , unless they have take refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar , You-Know-Who 's strategy of remain in the shadow be create a nice little climate of panic . mind you , if all the alleged sighting of him be genuine , we must have a good nineteen You-Know-Whos run around the place . " " which suit him , of course , " say Kingsley . " the air of mystery be create more terror than actually show himself . " " agree , " say Fred . " so , people , let be try and calm down a bit . thing be bad enough without invent stuff as well . for instance , this new idea that You-Know-Who can kill people with a single glance from his eye . that be a basilisk , listener . one simple test : check whether the thing that be glare at you have get leg . if it have , it be safe to look into its eye , although if it really be You-Know-Who , that be still likely to be the last thing you ever do . " for the first time in week and week , Harry be laugh : he could feel the weight of tension leave him . " and the rumor that he keep be sight abroad ? " ask Lee . " well , who would n't want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he have be put in ? " ask Fred . " point be , people , do n't get lull into a false sense of security , think he be out of the country . maybe he be , maybe he be n't , but the fact remain he can move faster than Severus Snape confront with shampoo when he want to , so do n't count on him be a long way away if you be plan to take any risk . I never think I will hear myself say it , but safety first ! " " thank you very much for those wise word , Rapier , " say Lee . " listener , that bring us to the end of another Potterwatch . we do n't know when it will be possible to broadcast again , but you can be sure we shall be back . keep twiddle those dial : the next password will be ' Mad-Eye . ' keep each other safe : keep faith . good night . " the radio 's dial twirl and the light behind the tuning panel go out . Harry , Ron , and Hermione be still beaming . hear familiar , friendly voice be an extraordinary tonic ; Harry have become so use to their isolation he have nearly forget that other people be resist Voldemort . it be like wake from a long sleep . " good , eh ? " say Ron happily . " brilliant , " say Harry . " it be so brave of them , " sigh Hermione admiringly . " if they be find … " " well , they keep on the move , do n't they ? " say Ron . " like us . " " but do you hear what Fred say ? " ask Harry excitedly ; now the broadcast be over , his thought turn around toward his all consuming obsession . " he be abroad ! he be still look for the Wand , I know it ! " " Harry - " " come on , Hermione , why be you so determine not to admit it ? Vol - " " Harry , No ! " " - demort be after the Elder Wand ! " " the name 's Taboo ! " Ron bellow , leap to his foot as a loud crack sound outside the tent . " I tell you , Harry , I tell you , we ca n't say it anymore - we have get to put the protection back around us - quickly - it be how they find - " but Ron stop talk , and Harry know why . the Sneakoscope on the table have light up and begin to spin ; they could hear voice come near and near : rough , excited voice . Ron pull the Deluminator out of his pocket and click it : their lamp go out . " come out of there with your hand up ! " come a rasping voice through the darkness . " we know you be in there ! you have get half a dozen wand point at you and we do n't care who we curse ! " Chapter Twenty-Three Malfoy Manor Harry look around at the other two , now mere outline in the darkness . he see Hermione point her wand , set toward the outside , but into his face ; there be a bang , a burst of white light , and he buckle in agony , unable to see . he could feel his face swell rapidly under his hand as heavy footfall surround him . " get up , vermin . " unknown hand drag Harry roughly off the ground , before he could stop them , someone have rummage through his pocket and remove the blackthorn wand . Harry clutch at his excruciatingly painful face , which feel unrecognizable beneath his finger , tight , swollen , and puffy as though he have suffer some violent allergic reaction . his eye have be reduce to slit through which he could barely see ; his glass fall off as he be bundle out of the tent : all he could make out be the blur shape of four or five people wrestle Ron and Hermione outside too . " get -- off - her ! " Ron shout . there be the unmistakable sound of knuckle hit flesh : Ron grunt in pain and Hermione scream , " no ! leave him alone , leave him alone ! " " your boyfriend be go to have bad than that do to him if he be on my list , " say the horribly familiar , rasping voice . " delicious girl ... what a treat . . . I do enjoy the softness of the skin . . . . " Harry 's stomach turn over . he know who this be , Fenrit Greyback , the werewolf who be permit to wear Death Eater robe in return for his hire savagery . " search the tent ! " say another voice . Harry be throw face down onto the ground . a thud tell him that Ron have be cast down beside him . they could hear footstep and crash ; the man be push over chair inside the tent as they search . " now , let be see who we have get , " say Greyback 's gloat voice from overhead , and Harry be roll over onto his back . a beam of wand light fall onto his face and Greyback laugh . " I will be need butterbeer to wash this one down . what happen to you , ugly ? " Harry do not answer immediately . " I say , " repeat Greyback , and Harry receive a blow to the diaphragm that make him double over in pain . " what happen to you ? " " sting . " Harry mutter . " be sting . " " yeah , look like it . " say a second voice . " what be your name ? " snarl Greyback . " Dudley . " say Harry . " and your first name ? " " I -- Vernon . Vernon Dudley . " " check the list , Scabior . " say Greyback , and Harry head him move sideways to look down at Ron , instead . " and what about you , ginger ? " " Stan Shunpike . " say Ron . " like ' ell you be . " say the man call Scabior . " we know Stan Shunpike , ' e 's put a bit of work our way . " there be another thud . " I'b Bardy , " say Ron , and Harry could tell that his mouth be full of blood . " Bardy Weasley . " " a Weasley ? " rasp Greyback . " so you be relate to blood traitor even if you be not a Mudblood . and lastly , your pretty little friend . . . " the relish in his voice make Harry 's flesh crawl . " easy , Greyback . " say Scabior over the jeer of the other . " oh , I be not go to bite just yet . we will see if she be a bit quicker at remember her name than Barny . who be you , girly ? " Penelope Clearwater . " say Hermione . she sound terrify , but convincing . " what be your blood status ? " " half-blood . " say Hermione . " easy enough to check , " say Scabior . " but the ' ole lot of ' em look like they could still be ' ogwarts age - " " We'b lebt , " say Ron . " left , ' ave you , ginger ? " say Scabior . " and you decide to go camping ? and you think , just for a laugh , you will use the Dark Lords name ? " " nod a laugh , " say Ron . " Aggiden . " " accident ? " there be more jeer laughter . " you know who use to like use the Dark Lord 's name , Weasley ? " growl Greyback , " the order of the Phoenix . mean anything to you ? " " doh . " " well , they do n't show the Dark Lord proper respect , so the name have be Tabooed . a few order member have be track that way . we will see . bind them up with the other two prisoner ! " someone yank Harry up by the hair , drag him a short way , push him down into a sit position , then start bind him back-to-back with other people . Harry be still half blind , barely able to see anything through his puffed-up eye . when at last the man tie then have walk away , Harry whisper to the other prisoner . " anyone still get a wand ? " " No. " say Ron and Hermione from either side of him . " this be all my fault . I say the name . I be sorry - " " Harry ? " it be a new , but familiar voice . and it come from directly behind Harry , from the person tie to Hermione 's left . " Dean ? " " it you ! if they find out who they have get - ! they be snatcher , they be only look for truant to sell for gold - " " not a bad little haul for one night . " greyback be say , as a pair of hobnailed boot march close by Harry and they hear more crash from inside the tent . " a Mudblood , a runaway goblin , and these truant . you check their name on the list yet , Scabior ? " he roar . " yeah . there be no Vernon Dudley un ' ere , Greyback . " " interesting , " say Greyback . " that be interesting . " he crouch down beside Harry , who see , through the infinitesimal gap leave between his swollen eyelid , a face cover in matted gray hair and whisker , with point brown tooth and sore in the corner of his mouth . greyback smell as he have do at the top of the tower where Dumbledore have die : of dirt , sweat , and blood . " so you be n't want , then , Vernon ? or be you on that list under a different name ? what house be you in at Hogwarts ? " " Slytherin , " say Harry automatically . " funny ' ow they all think we want to ' ear that . " leer Scabior out of the shadow . " but none of ' em can tell us where the common room be . " " it be in the dungeon . " say Harry clearly . " you enter through the wall . it be full of skull and stuff and its under the lake , so the light be all green , " there be a short pause . " well , well , look like we really ' ave catch a little Slytherin . " say Scabior . " good for you , Vernon , ' cause there ai n't a lot of Mudblood Slytherins . who be your father ? " " he work at the Ministry , " Harry lie . he know that his whole story would collapse with the small investigation , but on the other hand , he only have until his face regain its usual appearance before the game be up in any case . " department of magical accident and catastrophe . " " you know what , Greyback , " say Scabior . " I think there be a Dudley in there . " Harry could barely breathe : could luck , sheer luck , get them safely out of this ? " well , well . " say Greyback , and Harry could hear the tiny note of trepidation in that callous voice , and know that Greyback be wonder whether he have just indeed just attack and bind the son of a Ministry Official . Harry 's heart be pound against the rope around his rib ; he would not have be surprise to know that Greyback could see it . " if you be tell the truth , ugly , you have get nothing to fear from a trip to the Ministry . I expect your father will reward us just for pick you up . " " but , " say Harry , his mouth bone dry , " if you just let us - " " Hey ! " come a shout from inside the tent . " look at this . greyback ! " a dark figure come bustle toward them , and Harry see a glint of silver to the light of their wand . they have find Gryffindor 's sword . " Ve-e-ery nice , " say Greyback appreciatively , take it from his companion . " oh , very nice indeed . look goblin-made , that . where do you get something like this ? " " it be my father be , " Harry lie , hope against hope that it be too dark for Greyback to see the name etch just below the hilt . " we borrow it to cut firewood - " " ' ang on a minute , Greyback ! look at this , in the Prophet ! " as Scabior say it , Harry 's scar , which be stretch tight across his distend forehead , burn savagely . more clearly than he could make out anything around him , he see a towering building , a grim fortress , jet-black and forbid : Voldemort 's thought have suddenly become Razor-Sharp again ; he be glide toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly euphoric purpose . . . so close . . . so close . . . with a huge effort of will Harry close his mind to Voldemort 's thought , pull himself back to where he sit , tie to Ron , Hermione , Dean , and Griphook in the darkness , listen to Greyback and Scabior . " ' Hermione Granger , " Scabior be say , " the Mudblood who be know to be travel with ' arry Potter . " Harry 's scar burn in the silence , but he make a supreme effort to keep himself present , nor to slip into Voldemort 's mind . he hear the creak of Greyback 's boot as he crouch down , in front of Hermione . " you know what , little girly ? this picture look a hell of a lot like you . " " it be n't ! it be n't me ! " Hermione 's terrify squeak be as good as a confession . " ... know to be travel with Harry Potter , " repeat Greyback quietly . a stillness have settle over the scene . Harry 's scar be exquisitely painful , but he struggle with all his strength against the pull of Voldemort 's thought . it have never be so important to remain in his own right mind . " well , this changed thing , do n't it ? " whisper Greyback . nobody speak : Harry sense the gang of Snatchers watching , freeze , and feel Hermione 's arm tremble against his . greyback get up and take a couple of step to where Harry sit , crouch down again to stare closely at his misshapen feature . " what be that on your forehead , Vernon ? " he ask softly , his breath foul in Harry 's nostril as he press a filthy finger to the teach scar . " do n't touch it ! Harry yell ; he could not stop himself , he think he might be sick from the pain of it . " I think you wear glass , Potter ? " breathe Greyback . " I find glass ! " yelp one of the snatcher skulk in the background . " there be glass in the tent , Greyback , wait - " and second later Harry 's glass have be ram back onto his face . the snatcher be close in now , peer at him . " it be ! " rasp Greyback . " we have catch Potter ! " they all take several step backward , stun by what they have do . Harry , still fight to remain present in his own splitting head , could think of nothing to say . fragmented vision be break across the surface of his mind - -- he be hide around the high wall of the black fortress -- no , he be Harry , tie up and wandless , in grave danger -- -- look up , up to the topmost window , the high tower -- he be Harry , and they be discuss his fate in low voice -- -- time to fly . . . " . . . to the Ministry ? " " to hell with the Ministry . " growl Greyback . " they will take the credit , and we wo n't get a look in . I say we take him straight to You-Know-Who . " " will you summon ' im ? ' ere ? " say Scabior , sound awe , terrify . " no , " snarl Greyback , " I have n't get -- they say he be use the Malfoy 's place as a base . we will take the boy there . " Harry think he know why Greyback be not call Voldemort . the werewolf might be allow to wear Death Eater robe when they want to use him , but only Voldemort 's inner circle be brand with the Dark Mark : greyback have not be grant this high honor . Harry 's scar sear again - - and he rise into the night , fly straight up to the window at the very top of the tower - " . . . completely sure it be him ? ' Cause if it ai n't , Greyback , we be dead . " " who be in charge here ? " roar Greyback , cover his moment of inadequacy . " I say that be Potter , and him plus his wand , that be two hundred thousand Galleons right there ! but if you be too gutless to come along , any of you , it be all for me , and with any luck , I will get the girl throw in ! " - the window be the merest slit in the black rock , not big enough for a man to enter . . . . a skeletal figure be just visible through it , curl beneath a blanket . . . . dead , or sleeping . . . ? " all right ! " say Scabior . " all right , we be in ! and what about the rest of ' em , Greyback , what will we do with ' em ? " " might as well take the lot . we have get two Mudbloods , that be another ten Galleons . give me the sword as well . if they be ruby , that be another small fortune right there . " the prisoner be drag to their foot . Harry could hear Hermione 's breathing , fast and terrify . " grab hold and make it tight . I will do Potter ! " say Greyback , seize a fistful of Harry 's hair ; Harry could feel his long yellow nail scratch his scalp . " on three ! one - two - three - " they Disapparated , pull the prisoner with them . Harry struggle , try to throw off Greyback 's hand , but it be hopeless : Ron and Hermione be squeeze tightly against him on either side ; he could not separate from the group , and as the breath be squeeze out of him his scar sear more painfully still - - as he force himself through the slit of a window like a snake and land , lightly as vapor inside the cell-like room - the prisoner lurch into one another as they land in a country lane . Harry 's eye , still puffy , take a moment to acclimatize , then he see a pair of wrought-iron gate at the foot of what look like a long drive . he experience the tiny trickle of relief . the worst have not happen yet : Voldemort be not here . he be , Harry know , for he be fight to resist the vision , in some strange , fortresslike place , at the top of a tower . how long it would take Voldemort to get to this place , once he know that Harry be here , be another matter . . . . one of the Snatchers stride to the gate and shake them . " how do we get in ? they be lock , Greyback , I ca n't - blimey ! " he whip his hand away in fright . the iron be contort , twist itself out of the abstract furl and coil into a frightening face , which speak in a clanging , echo voice . " state your purpose ! " " we have get Potter ! " greyback roar triumphantly . " we have capture Harry Potter ! " the gate swing open . " come on ! " say Greyback to his man , and the prisoner be shunt through the gate and up the drive , between high hedge that muffle their footstep . Harry see a ghostly white shape above him , and realize it be an albino peacock . he stumble and be drag onto his foot by Greyback ; now he be stagger along sideways , tie back-to-back to the four other prisoner . close his puffy eye , he allow the pain in his scar to overcome him for a moment , want to know what Voldemort be do , whether he know yet that Harry be catch . . . . the emaciate figure stir beneath its thin blanket and roll over toward him , eye open in a skull of a face . . . . the frail man sit up , great sunken eye fix upon him , upon Voldemort , and then he smile . most of his tooth be go . . . . " so , you have come . I think you would . . . one day . but your journey be pointless . I never have it . " " you lie ! " as Voldemort 's anger throb inside him , Harry 's scar threaten to burst with pain , and he wrench his mind back to his own body , fight to remain present as the prisoner be push over gravel . light spill out over all of them . " what be this ? " say a woman 's cold voice . " we be here to see He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ! " rasp Greyback . " who be you ? " " you know me ! " there be resentment in the werewolf 's voice . " Fenrit Greyback ! we have catch Harry Potter ! " greyback seize Harry and drag him around to face the light , force the other prisoner to shuffle around too . " I know ' es swell , ma'am , but it be ' im ! " pipe up Scabior . " if you look a bit closer , you will see ' be scar . and this ' ere , see the girl ? the Mudblood who have be travel around with ' im , ma'am . there be no doubt it be ' im , and we have get ' be wand as well ! ' Ere , ma'am - " through his puffy eyelid Harry see Narcissa Malfoy scrutinize his swollen face . Scabior thrust the blackthorn wand at her . she raise her eyebrow . " bring them in , " she say . Harry and the other be shove and kick up broad stone step into a hallway line with portrait . " follow me , " say Narcissa , lead the way across the hall . " my son , Draco , be home for his Easter holiday . if that be Harry Potter , he will know . " the drawing room dazzle after the darkness outside ; even with his eye almost close Harry could make out the wide proportion of the room . a crystal chandelier hang from the ceiling , more portrait against the dark purple wall . two figure rise from chair in front of an ornate marble fireplace as the prisoner be force into the room by the Snatchers . " what be this ? " the dreadfully familiar , drawl voice of Lucius Malfoy fall on Harry 's ear . he be panick now . he could see no way out , and it be easy , as his fear mount , to block out Voldemort 's thought , though his scar be still burn . " they say they have get Potter , " say Narcissa 's cold voice . " Draco , come here . " Harry do not dare look directly at Draco , but see him obliquely ; a figure slightly tall than he be , rise from an armchair , his face a pale and pointed blur beneath white-blond hair . greyback force the prisoner to turn again so as to place Harry directly beneath the chandelier . " well , boy ? " rasp the werewolf . Harry be face a mirror over the fireplace , a great gilded thing in an intricately scroll frame . through the slit of his eye he see his own reflection for the first time since leave Grimmauld Place . his face be huge , shiny , and pink , every feature distort by Hermione 's jinx . his black hair reach his shoulder and there be a dark shadow around his jaw . have he not know that it be he who stand there , he would have wonder who be wear his glass . he resolve not to speak , for his voice be sure to give him away ; yet he still avoid eye contact with Draco as the latter approach . " well , Draco ? " say Lucius Malfoy . he sound avid . " be it ? be it Harry Potter ? " " I ca n't - I ca n't be sure , " say Draco . he be keep his distance from Greyback , and seem as scare of look at Harry as Harry be of look at him . " but look at him carefully , look ! come closer ! " Harry have never hear Lucius Malfoy so excite . " Draco , if we be the one who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord , everything will be forgiv - " " now , we wo n't be forget who actually catch him , I hope Mr. Malfoy ? " say Greyback menacingly . " of course not , of course not ! " say Lucius impatiently . he approach Harry himself , come so close that Harry could see the usually languid , pale face in sharp detail even through his swollen eye . with his face a puffy mask , Harry feel as though he be peer out from between the bar of a cage . " what do you do to him ? " Lucius ask Greyback . " how do he get into this state ? " " that be n't us . " " look more like a Stinging Jinx to me , " say Lucius . his gray eye rake Harry 's forehead . " there be something there , " he whisper . " it could be the scar , stretch tight . . . . " Draco , come here , look properly ! what do you think ? " Harry see Draco 's face up close now , right beside his father 's . they be extraordinarily alike , except that while his father look beside himself with excitement , Draco 's expression be full of reluctance , even fear . " I do n't know , " he say , and he walk away toward the fireplace where his mother stand watch . " we have well be certain , Lucius , " Narcissa call to her husband in her cold , clear voice . " completely sure that it be Potter , before we summon the Dark Lord . . . they say this be his " - she be look closely at the blackthorn wand - " but it do not resemble Ollivander 's description . . . . if we be mistake , if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing . . . remember what he do to Rowle and Dolohov ? " " what about the Mudblood , then ? " growl Greyback . Harry be nearly throw off his foot as the Snatchers force the prisoner to swivel around again , so that the light fall on Hermione instead . " wait , " say Narcissa sharply . " yes - yes , she be in Madam Malkin 's with Potter ! I see her picture in the Prophet ! look , Draco , be n't it the Granger girl ? " " I . . . maybe . . . yeah . " " but then , that be the Weasley boy ! " shout Lucius , stride around the bind prisoner to face Ron . " it be them , Potter 's friend - Draco , look at him , be n't it Arthur Weasley 's son , what be his name - ? " " yeah , " say Draco again , his back to the prisoner . " it could be . " the draw room door open behind Harry . a woman speak , and the sound of the voice wind Harry 's fear to an even high pitch . " what be this ? what be happen , Cissy ? " Bellatrix Lestrange walk slowly around the prisoner , and stop on Harry 's right , stare at Hermione through her heavily lidded eye , " but surely , " she say quietly , " this be the Mudblood girl ? this be Grander ? " " yes , yes , it be Granger ! " cry Lucius , " and beside her , we think , Potter ! Potter and his friend , catch at last ! " " Potter ? " shriek Bellatrix , and she back away , the well to take in Harry . " be you sure ? well then , the Dark Lord must be inform at once ! " she drag back her left sleeve : Harry see the Dark Mark burn into the flesh of her arm , and know that she be about to touch it , to summon her beloved master - " I be about to call him ! " say Lucius , and his hand actually close upon Bellatrix 's wrist , prevent her from touch the Mark . " I shall summon him , Bella . Potter have be bring to my house , and it be therefore upon my authority - " " your authority ! " she sneer , attempt to wrench her hand from his grasp . " you lose your authority when you lose your wand , Lucius ! how dare you ! take your hand off me ! " " this be nothing to do with you , you do not capture the boy - " " beg your pardon , Mr. Malfoy , " interject Greyback , " but it be us that catch Potter , and it be us that will be claim the gold - " " Gold ! " laugh Bellatrix , still attempt to throw off her brother-in-law , her free hand grope in her pocket for her wand . " take your gold , filthy scavenger , what do I want with gold ? I seek only the honor of his - of - " she stop struggle , her dark eye fix upon something Harry could not see . jubilant at her capitulation , Lucius throw her hand from him and rip up his own sleeve - " Stop ! " shriek Bellatrix , " do not touch it , we shall all perish if the Dark Lord come now ! " Lucius freeze , his index finger hover over his own Mark . Bellatrix stride out of Harry 's limited line of vision . " what be that ? " he hear her say . " sword , " grunt an out-of-sight Snatcher . " give it to me . " " it be not yours , missus , it be mine , I reckon I find it . " there be a bang and a flash of red light ; Harry know that the Snatcher have be stun . there be a roar of anger from his fellow : Scabior draw his wand . " what d'you think you be play at , woman ? " " stupefy ! " she scream , " Stupefy ! " they be no match for her , even think there be four of them against one of her : she be a witch , as Harry know , with prodigious skill and no conscience . they fall where they stand , all except Greyback , who have be force into a kneel position , his arm outstretch . out of the corner of his eye Harry see Bellatrix bear down upon the werewolf , the sword of Gryffindor grip tightly in her hand , her face waxen . " where do you get this sword ? " she whisper to Greyback as she pull his wand out of his unresisting grip . " how dare you ? " he snarl , his mouth the only thing that could move as he be force to gaze up at her . he bare his pointed tooth . " release me , woman ! " " where do you find this sword ? " she repeat , brandish it in his face , " Snape send it to my vault in Gringotts ! " " it be in their tent , " rasp Greyback . " release me , I say ! " she wave her wand , and the werewolf spring to his foot , but appear too wary to approach her . he prowl behind an armchair , his filthy curve nail clutch its back . " Draco , move this scum outside , " say Bellatrix , indicate the unconscious man . " if you have n't get the gut to finish them , then leave them in the courtyard for me . " " do n't you dare speak to Draco like - " say Narcissa furiously , but Bellatrix scream . " be quiet ! the situation be grave than you can possibly imagine , Cissy ! we have a very serious problem ! " she stand , pant slightly , look down at the sword , examine its hilt . then she turn to look at the silent prisoner . " if it be indeed Potter , he must not be harm , " she mutter , more to herself than to the other . " the Dark Lord wish to dispose of Potter himself . . . . but if he find out . . . I must . . . I must know . . . . " she turn back to her sister again . " the prisoner must be place in the cellar , while I think what to do ! " " this be my house , Bella , you do n't give order in my - " " do it ! you have no idea of the danger we be in ! " shriek Bellatrix . she look frightening , mad ; a thin stream of fire issue from her wand and burn a hole in the carpet . Narcissa hesitate for a moment , then address the werewolf . " take these prisoner down to the cellar , Greyback . " " wait , " say Bellatrix sharply . " all except . . . . except for the Mudblood . " greyback give a grunt of pleasure . " no ! " shout Ron . " you can have me , keep me ! " Bellatrix hit him across the face : the blow echo around the room . " if she die under question , I will take you next , " she say . " blood traitor be next to Mudblood in my book . take them downstairs , Greyback , and make sure they be secure , but do nothing more to them - yet . " she throw Greyback 's wand back to him , then take a short silver knife from under her robe . she cut Hermione free from the other prisoner , then drag her by the hair into the middle of the room , while Greyback force the rest of them to shuffle across to another door , into a dark passageway , his wand hold out in front of him , project an invisible and irresistible force . " reckon she will let me have a bit of the girl when she be finish with her ? " greyback croon as he force them along the corridor . " I will say I will get a bite or two , would n't you , ginger ? " Harry could feel Ron shake . they be force down a steep flight of stair , still tie back-to-back and in danger of slip and break their neck at any moment . at the bottom be a heavy door . greyback unlock it with a tap of his wand , then force them into a dank and musty room and leave them in total darkness . the echo bang of the slam cellar door have not die away before there be a terrible , draw out scream from directly above them . " HERMIONE ! " Ron bellow , and he start to writhe and struggle against the rope tie them together , so that Harry stagger . " HERMIONE ! " " be quiet ! " Harry say . " shut up . Ron , we need to work out a way - " " Hermione ! Hermione ! " " we need a plan , stop yell - we need to get these rope off - " " Harry ? " come a whisper through the darkness . " Ron ? be that you ? " Ron stop shout . there be a sound of movement close by them , then Harry see a shadow move closer . " Harry ? Ron ? " " Luna ? " " yes , it be me ! oh no , I do n't want you to be catch ! " " Luna , can you help us get these rope off ? " say Harry . " oh yes , I expect so . . . . there be an old nail we use if we need to break anything . . . . just a moment . . . " Hermione scream again from overhead , and they could hear Bellatrix scream too , but her word be inaudible , for Ron shout again , " Hermione ! Hermione ! " " Mr. Ollivander ? " Harry could hear Luna say . " Mr. Ollivander , have you get the nail ? if you just move over a little bit . . . I think it be beside the water jug . " she be back within second . " you will need to stay still , " she say . Harry could feel her digging at the rope 's tough fiber to work the knot free . from upstairs they hear Bellatrix 's voice . " I be go to ask you again ! where do you get this sword ? where ? " " we find it - we find it - PLEASE ! " Hermione scream again ; Ron struggle harder than ever , and the rusty nail slip onto Harry 's wrist . " Ron , please stay still ! " Luna whisper . " I ca n't see what I be do - " " my pocket ! " say Ron , " in my pocket , there be a Deluminator , and it be full of light ! " a few second later , there be a click , and the luminescent sphere the Deluminator have suck from the lamp in the tent fly into the cellar : unable to rejoin their source , they simply hang there , like tiny sun , flood the underground room with light . Harry see Luna , all eye in her white face , and the motionless figure of Ollivander the wandmaker , curl up on the floor in the corner . crane around , he catch sight of their fellow prisoner : Dean and Griphook the goblin , who seem barely conscious , keep stand by the rope that bind him to the human . " oh , that be much easy , thanks , Ron , " say Luna , and she begin hack at their binding again . " hello , Dean ! " from above come Bellatrix 's voice . " you be lie , filthy Mudblood , and I know it ! you have be inside my vault at Gringotts ! tell the truth , tell the truth ! " another terrible scream - " Hermione ! " " what else do you take ? what else have you get ? Tel me the truth or , I swear , I shall run you through with this knife ! " " there ! " Harry feel the rope fall away and turn , rub his wrist , to see Ron run around the cellar , look up at the low ceiling , search for a trapdoor . Dean , his face bruise and bloody , say " thanks " to Luna and stand there , shiver , but Griphook sink onto the cellar floor , look groggy and disorient , many welt across his swarthy face . Ron be now try to Disapparate without a wand . " there be no way out , Ron , " say Luna , watch his fruitless effort . " the cellar be completely escape-proof . I try , at first . Mr. Ollivander have be here for a long time , he have try everything . " Hermione be scream again : the sound go through Harry like physical pain . barely conscious of the fierce prickle of his scar , he too start to run around the cellar , feel the wall for he hardly know what , know in his heart that it be useless . " what else do you take , what else ? answer ME ! CRUCIO ! " Hermione 's scream echo off the wall upstairs , Ron be half sob as he pound the wall with his fist , and Harry in utter desperation seize Hagrid 's pouch from around his neck and grope inside it : he pull out Dumbledore 's Snitch and shake it , hope for he do not know what - nothing happen - he wave the break half of the phoenix wand , but they be lifeless - the mirror fragment fall sparkling to the floor , and he see a gleam of bright blue - Dumbledore 's eye be gaze at him out of the mirror . " help us ! " he yell at it in mad desperation . " we be in the cellar of Malfoy Manor , help us ! " the eye blink and be go . Harry be not even sure that it have really be there . he tilt the shard of mirror this way and that , and see nothing reflect there but the wall and ceiling of their prison , and upstairs Hermione be scream bad than ever , and next to him Ron be bellow , " Hermione ! Hermione ! " " how do you get into my vault ? " they hear Bellatrix scream . " do that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you ? " " we only meet him tonight ! " Hermione sob . " we have never be inside your vault . . . . it be n't the real sword ! it be a copy , just a copy ! " " a copy ? " screech Bellatrix . " oh , a likely story ! " " but we can find out easily ! " come Lucius 's voice . " Draco , fetch the goblin , he can tell us whether the sword be real or not ! " Harry dash across the cellar to where Griphook be huddle on the floor . " Griphook , " he whisper into the goblin 's pointed ear , " you must tell them that sword be a fake , they must n't know it be the real one , Griphook , please - " he could hear someone scuttle own the cellar step ; next moment , Draco 's shake voice speak from behind the door . " stand back . line up against the back wall . do n't try anything , or I will kill you ! " they do as they be bid ; as the lock turn , Ron click the Deluminator and the light whisk back into his pocket , restore the cellar 's darkness . the door fly open ; Malfoy march inside , wand hold out in front of him , pale and determine . he seize the little goblin by the arm and back out again , drag Griphook with him . the door slam shut and at the same moment a loud crack echo inside the cellar . Ron click the Deluminator . three ball of light fly back into the air from his pocket , reveal Dobby the house-elf , who have just Apparated into their midst . " DOB - ! " Harry hit Ron on the arm to stop him shout , and Ron look terrify at his mistake . footstep cross the ceiling overhead : Draco march Griphook to Bellatrix . Dobby 's enormous , tennis-ball shape eye be wide ; he be tremble from his foot to the tip of his ear . he be back in the home of his old master , and it be clear that he be petrify . " Harry Potter , " he squeak in the tiny quiver of a voice , " Dobby have come to rescue you . " " but how do you - ? " an awful scream drown Harry 's word : Hermione be be torture again . he cut to the essential . " you can Disapparate out of this cellar ? " he ask Dobby , who nod , his ear flap . " and you can take human with you ? " Dobby nod again . " right . Dobby , I want you to grab Luna , Dean , and Mr. Ollivander , and take them - take them to - " " Bill and Fleur 's , " say Ron . " Shell Cottage on the outskirt of Tinworth ! " the elf nod for a third time . " and then come back , " say Harry . " can you do that , Dobby ? " " of course , Harry Potter , " whisper the little elf . he hurry over to Mr. Ollivander , who appear to be barely conscious . he take one of the wandmaker 's hand in his own , then hold out the other to Luna and Dean , neither of whom move . " Harry , we want to help you ! " Luna whisper . " we ca n't leave you here , " say Dean . " go , both of you ! we will see you at Bill and Fleur 's . " as Harry speak , his scar burn bad than ever , and for a few second he look down , not upon the wandmaker , but on another man who be just as old , just as thin , but laugh scornfully . " kill me , then . Voldemort , I welcome death ! but my death will not bring you what you seek . . . . there be so much you do not understand . . . " he feel Voldemort 's fury , but as Hermione scream again he shut it out , return to the cellar and the horror of his own present . " go ! " Harry beseech to Luna and Dean . " go ! we will follow , just go ! " they catch hold of the elf 's outstretch finger . there be another loud crack , and Dobby , Luna , Dean , and Ollivander vanish . " what be that ? " shout Lucius Malfoy from over their head . " do you hear that ? what be that noise in the cellar ? " Harry and Ron stare at each other . " Draco - no , call Wormtail ! make him go and check ! " footstep cross the room overhead , then there be silence . Harry know that the people in the drawing room be listen for more noise from the cellar . " we be go to have to try and tackle him , " he whisper to Ron . they have no choice : the moment anyone enter the room and see the absence of three prisoner , they be lose . " leave the light on , " Harry add , and as they hear someone descend the step outside the door , they back against the wall on either side of it . " stand back , " come Wormtail 's voice . " stand away from the door . I be come in . " the door fly open . for a split second Wormtail gaze into the apparently empty cellar , ablaze with light from the three miniature sun float in midair . then Harry and Ron launch themselves upon him . Ron seize Wormtail 's wand arm and force it upwards . Harry slap a hand to his mouth , muffle his voice . silently they struggle : Wormtail 's wand emit spark ; his silver hand close around Harry 's throat . " what be it , Wormtail ? " call Lucius Malfoy from above . " nothing ! " Ron call back , in a passable imitation of Wormtail 's wheezy voice . " all fine ! " Harry could barely breathe . " you be go to kill me ? " Harry choke , attempt to prise off the metal finger . " after I save your life ? you owe me , Wormtail ! " the silver finger slacken . Harry have not expect it : he wrench himself free , astonish , keep his hand over Wormtail 's mouth . he see the ratlike man 's small watery eye widen with fear and surprise : he seem just as shock as Harry at what his hand have do , at the tiny , merciful impulse it have betray , and he continue to struggle more powerfully , as though to undo that moment of weakness . " and we will have that , " whisper Ron , tug Wormtail 's wand from his other hand . Wandless , helpless , Pettigrew 's pupil dilate in terror . his eye have slide from Harry 's face to something else . his own silver finger be move inexorably toward his own throat . " no - " without pause to think , Harry try to drag back the hand , but there be no stop it . the silver tool that Voldemort have give his most cowardly servant have turn upon its disarm and useless owner ; Pettigrew be reap his reward for his hesitation , his moment of pity ; he be be strangle before their eye . " no ! " Ron have release Wormtail too , and together he and Harry try to pull the crush metal finger from around Wormtail 's throat , but it be no use . Pettigrew be turn blue . " Relashio ! " say Ron , point the wand at the silver hand , but nothing happen ; Pettigrew drop to his knee , and at the same moment , Hermione give a dreadful scream from overhead . Wormtail 's eye roll upward in his purple face ; he give a last twitch , and be still . Harry and Ron look at each other , then leave Wormtail 's body on the floor behind them , run up the stair and back into the shadowy passageway lead to the drawing room . cautiously they creep along it until they reach the draw room door , which be ajar . now they have a clear view of Bellatrix look down at Griphook , who be hold Gryffindor 's sword in his long-fingered hand . Hermione be lie at Bellatrix 's foot . she be barely stir . " well ? " Bellatrix say to Griphook . " be it the true sword ? " Harry wait , hold his breath , fight against the prickle of his scar . " no , " say Griphook . " it be a fake . " " be you sure ? " pant Bellatrix . " quite sure ? " " yes , " say the goblin . relief break across her face , all tension drain from it . " good , " she say , and with a casual flick of her wand she slash another deep cut into the goblin 's face , and he drop with a yell at her foot . she kick him aside . " and now , " she say in a voice that burst with triumph , " we call the Dark Lord ! " and she push back her sleeve and touch her forefinger to the Dark Mark . at once , Harry 's scar feel as though it have split open again . his true surroundings vanish : he be Voldemort , and the skeletal wizard before him be laugh toothlessly at him ; he be enrage at the summons he feel - he have warn them , he have tell them to summon him for nothing less than Potter . if they be mistake . . . " kill me , then ! " demand the old man . " you will not win , you can win ! that wand will never , ever be yours - " and Voldemort 's fury break : a burst of green light fill the prison room and the frail old body be lift from its hard bed and then fall back , lifeless , and Voldemort return to the window , his wrath barely controllable . . . . they would suffer his retribution if they have no good reason for call him back . . . . " and I think , " say Bellatrix 's voice , " we can dispose of the Mudblood . greyback , take her if you want her . " " NOOOOOOOOOOOO ! " Ron have burst into the draw room ; Bellatrix look around , shock ; she turn her wand to face Ron instead - " Expelliarmus ! " he roar , point Wormtail 's wand at Bellatrix , and hers fly into the air and be catch by Harry , who have sprint after Ron . Lucius , Narcissa , Draco and Greyback wheel about ; Harry yell , " Stupefy ! " and Lucius Malfoy collapse onto the hearth . jet of light fly from Draco 's , Narcissa 's , and Greyback 's wand ; Harry throw himself to the floor , roll behind a sofa to avoid them . " stop Or SHE DIES ! pant , Harry peer around the edge of the sofa . Bellatrix be support Hermione , who seem to be unconscious , and be hold her short silver knife to Hermione 's throat . " drop your wand , " she whisper . " drop them , or we will see exactly how filthy her blood be ! " Ron stand rigid , clutch Wormtail 's wand . Harry straighten up , still hold Bellatrix 's . " I say , drop them ! " she screech , press the blade into Hermione 's throat : Harry see bead of blood appear there . " all right ! " he shout , and he drop Bellatrix 's wand onto the floor at his foot , Ron do the same with Wormtail 's . both raise their hand to shoulder height . " good ! " she leer . " Draco , pick them up ! the Dark Lord be come , Harry Potter ! your death approach ! " Harry know it ; his scar be burst with the pain of it , and he could feel Voldemort fly through the sky from far away , over a dark and stormy sea , and soon he would be close enough to Apparate to them , and Harry could see no way out . " now , " say Bellatrix softly , as Draco hurry back to her with the wand . " Cissy , I think we ought to tie these little hero up again , while Greyback take care of Miss Mudblood . I be sure the Dark Lord will not begrudge you the girl , Greyback , after what you have do tonight . " at the last word there be a peculiar grind noise from above . all of them look upward in time to see the crystal chandelier tremble ; then , with a creak and an ominous jingle , it begin to fall . Bellatrix be directly beneath it ; drop Hermione , she throw herself aside with a scream . the chandelier crash to the floor in an explosion of crystal and chain , fall on top of Hermione and the goblin , who still clutch the sword of Gryffindor . glitter shard of crystal fly in all direction ; Draco double over , his hand cover his bloody face . as Ron run to pull Hermione out of the wreckage , Harry take the chance : he leap over an armchair and wrest the three wand from Draco 's grip , point all of them at Greyback , and yell , " Stupefy ! " the werewolf be lift off his foot by the triple spell , fly up to the ceiling and then smash to the ground . as Narcissa drag Draco out of the way of further harm , Bellatrix spring to her foot , her hair fly as she brandish the silver knife ; but Narcissa have direct her wand at the doorway . " Dobby ! " she scream and even Bellatrix freeze . " you ! you drop the chandelier - ? " the tiny elf trot into the room , his shake finger point at his old mistress . " you must not hurt Harry Potter , " he squeak . " kill him , Cissy ! " shriek Bellatrix , but there be another loud crack , and Narcissa 's wand too fly into the air and land on the other side of the room . " you dirty little monkey ! " bawl Bellatrix . " how dare you take a witch 's wand , how dare you defy your master ? " " Dobby have no master ! " squeal the elf . " Dobby be a free elf , and Dobby have come to save Harry Potter and his friend ! " Harry 's scar be blind him with pain . dimly he know that they have moment , second before Voldemort be with them . " Ron , catch - and Go ! " he yell , throw one of the wand to him ; then he bend down to tug Griphook out from under the chandelier . hoist the groan goblin , who still cling to the sword , over one shoulder , Harry seize Dobby 's hand and spin on the spot to Disapparate . as he turn into darkness he catch one last view of the draw room of the pale , frozen figure of Narcissa and Draco , of the streak of red that be Ron 's hair , and a blue of fly silver , as Bellatrix 's knife fly across the room at the place where he be vanish - Bill and Fleur 's . . . Shell Cottage . . . Bill and Fleur 's . . . he have disappear into the unknown ; all he could do be repeat the name of the destination and hope that it would suffice to take him there . the pain in his forehead pierce him , and the weight of the goblin bear down upon him ; he could feel the blade of Gryffindor 's sword bump against his back : Dobby 's hand jerk in his ; he wonder whether the elf be try to take charge , to pull them in the right direction , and try , by squeeze the finger , to indicate that that be fine with them . . . . and then they hit solid earth and smell salty air . Harry fall to his knee , relinquish Dobby 's hand , and attempt to lower Griphook gently to the ground . " be you all right ? " he say as the goblin stir , but Griphook merely whimper . Harry squint around through the darkness . there seem to be a cottage a short way away under the wide starry sky , and he think he see movement outside it . " Dobby , be this Shell Cottage ? " he whisper , clutch the two wand he have bring from the Malfoys ' , ready to fight if he need to . " have we come to the right place ? Dobby ? " he look around . the little elf stand foot from him . " dobby ! " the elf sway slightly , star reflect in his wide , shine eye . together , he and Harry look down at the silver hilt of the knife protrude from the elf 's heave chest . " Dobby - no - HELP ! " Harry bellow toward the cottage , toward the people move there . " help ! " he do not know or care whether they be wizard or Muggles , friend or foe ; all he care about be that a dark stain be spread across Dobby 's front , and that he have stretch out his own arm to Harry with a look of supplication . Harry catch him and lay him sideways on the cool grass . " Dobby , no , do n't die , do n't die - " the elf 's eye find him , and his lip tremble with the effort to form word . " Harry . . . Potter . . . " and then with a little shudder the elf become quite still , and his eye be nothing more than great glassy orb , sprinkle with light from the star they could not see . " Chapter Twenty-four The Wandmaker it be like sink into an old nightmare ; for an instant Harry kneel again beside Dumbledore 's body at the foot of the tall tower at Hogwarts , but in reality he be stare at a tiny body curl upon the grass , pierce by Bellatrix 's silver knife . Harry 's voice be still say , " Dobby…Dobby … " even though he know that the elf have go where he could not call him back . after a minute or so he realize that they have , after all , come to the right place , for here be Bill and Fleur , Dean and Luna , gather around him as he kneel over the elf . " Hermione , " he say suddenly . " where be she ? " " Ron have take her inside , " say Bill . " she will be all right . " Harry look back down at Dobby . he stretch out a hand and pull the sharp blade from the elf 's body , then drag off his own jacket and cover Dobby in it like a blanket . the sea be rush against the rock somewhere nearby ; Harry listen to it while the other talk , discuss matter in which he could take no interest , make decision , Dean carry the injured Griphook into the house , Fleur hurry with them ; now Bill be really know what he be say . as he do so , he gaze down at the tiny body , and his scar prickle and burn , and in one part of his mind , view as if from the wrong end of a long telescope , he see Voldemort punish those they have leave behind at the Malfoy Manor . his rage be dreadful and yet Harry 's grief for Dobby seem to diminish it , so that it become a distant storm that reach Harry from across a vast , silent ocean . " I want to do it properly , " be the first word of which Harry be fully conscious of speak . " not by magic . have you get a spade ? " and shortly afterward he have set to work , alone , dig the grave in the place that Bill have show him at the end of the garden , between bush . he dig with a kind of fury , relish the manual work , glory in the non-magic of it , for every drop of his sweat and every blister feel like a gift to the elf who have save their life . his scar burn , but he be master of the pain , he feel it , yet be apart from it . he have learn control at last , learn to shut his mind to Voldemort , the very thing Dumbledore have want him to learn from Snape . just as Voldemort have not be able to possess Harry while Harry be consume with grief for Sirius , so his thought could not penetrate Harry now while he mourn Dobby . grief , it seem , drive Voldemort out…though Dumbledore , of course , would have say that it be love . on Harry dig , deeper and deeper into the hard , cold earth , subsume his grief in sweat , deny the pain in his scar . in the darkness , with nothing but the sound of his own breath and the rush sea to keep him company , the thing that have happen at the Malfoys ' return to him , the thing he have hear come back to him , and understanding blossom in the darkness … the steady rhythm of his arm beat time with his thought . Hallows…Horcruxes…Hallows…Horcruxes…yet no longer burn with that weird , obsessive longing . loss and fear have snuff it out . he feel as though he have be slap awake again . deep and deep Harry sink into the grave , and he know where Voldemort have be tonight , and whom he have kill in the topmost cell of Nurmengard , and why … and he think of Wormtail , dead because of one small unconscious impulse of mercy…Dumbledore have foresee that…How much more have he know ? Harry lose track of time . he know only that the darkness have lighten a few degree when he be rejoin by Ron and Dean . " how be Hermione ? " " good , " say Ron . " Fleur be look after her . " Harry have his retort ready for when they ask him why he have not simply create a perfect grave with his wand , but he do not need it . they jump down into the hole he have make with spade of their own and together they work in silence until the hole seem deep enough . Harry wrap the elf more snuggly in his jacket . Ron sit on the edge of the grave and strip off his shoe and sock , which he place on the elf 's bare foot . Dean produce a woolen hat , which Harry place carefully upon Dobby 's head , muffle his batlike ear . " we should close his eye . " Harry have not hear the other come through the darkness . bill be wear a travel cloak , Fleur a large white apron , from the pocket of which protrude a bottle of what Harry recognize to be Skele-Gro . Hermione be wrap in a borrow dressing gown , pale and unsteady on her foot ; Ron put an arm around her when she reach him . Luna , who be huddle in one of Fleur 's coat , crouch down and place her finger tenderly upon each of the elf 's eyelid , slide them over his glassy stare . " there , " she say softly . " now he could be sleep . " Harry place the elf into the grave , arrange his tiny limb so that he might have be resting , then climb out and gaze for the last time upon the little body . he force himself not to break down as he remember Dumbledore 's funeral , and the row and row of golden chair , and the Minister of Magic in the front row , the recitation of Dumbledore 's achievement , the stateliness of the white marble tomb . he feel that Dobby deserve just as grand a funeral , and yet here the elf lie between bush in a roughly dug hole . " I think we ought to say something , " pipe up Luna . " I will go first , shall I ? " and as everybody look at her , she address the dead elf at the bottom of the grave . " thank you so much Dobby for rescue me from that cellar . it be so unfair that you have to die when you be so good and brave . I will always remember what you do for us . I hope you be happy now . " she turn and look expectingly at Ron , who clear his throat and say in a thick voice , " yeah…thanks Dobby . " " thanks , " mutter Dean . Harry swallow . " good bye Dobby , " he say it be all he could manage , but Luna have say it all for him . Bill raise his wand , and the pile of earth beside the grave rise up into the air and fall neatly upon it , a small , reddish mound . " D'ya mind if I stay here a moment ? " he ask the other . they murmur word he do not catch ; he feel gentle pat upon his back , and then they all traipse back toward the cottage , leave Harry alone beside the elf . he look around : there be a number of large white stone , smooth by the sea , mark the edge of the flower bed . he pick up one of the large and lay it , pillowlike , over the place where Dobby 's head now rest . he then feel in his pocket for a wand . there be two in there . he have forget , lose track ; he could not now remember whose wand these be ; he seem to remember wrench them out of someone 's hand . he select the short of the two , which feel friendly in his hand , and point it at the rock . slowly , under his murmur instruction , deep cut appear upon the rock 's surface . he know that Hermione could have do it more neatly , and probably more quickly , but he want to mark the spot as he have want to dig the grave . when Harry stand up again , the stone read : here Lies Dobby , a Free Elf . he look at his handiwork for a few more second , then walk away , his scar still prickle a little , and his mind full of those thing that have come to him in the grave , idea that have take shape in the darkness , idea both fascinating and terrible . they be all sit in the live room when he enter the little hall , their attention focus upon Bill , who be talk . the room be light-colored , pretty , with a small fire of driftwood burn brightly in the fireplace . Harry do not want to drop mud upon the carpet , so he stand in the doorway , listen . " …lucky that Ginny 's on holiday . if she have be at Hogwarts they could have take her before we reach her . now we know she be safe too . " he look around and see Harry standing there . " I have be get them all out of the Burrow , " he explain . " move them to Muriel 's . the death eater know Ron 's with you now , they be bind to target the family - do n't apologize , " he add at the sight of Harry 's expression . " it be always a matter of time , Dad have be say so for month . we be the big blood traitor family there be . " " how be they protect ? " ask Harry . " Fidelius Charm . Dad 's Secret-Keeper . and we have do it on this cottage too ; I be Secret-Keeper here . none of us can go to work , but that be hardly the most important thing now . once Ollivander and Griphook be well enough , we will move them to Muriel 's too . there be n't much room here , but she be get plenty . Griphook 's leg be on the mend . Fleur have give him Skele-Gro-we could probably move them in an hour or - " " no , " Harry say and Bill look startle . " I need both of them here . I need to talk to them . it be important . " he hear the authority of his own voice , the conviction , the voice of purpose that have come to him as he dig Dobby 's grave . all of their face be turn toward him look puzzle . " I be go to wash , " Harry tell Bill look down at his hand still cover with mud and Dobby 's blood . " then I will need to see them , straight away . " he walk into the little kitchen , to the basin beneath a window overlook the sea . dawn be break over the horizon , shell pink and faintly gold , as he wash , again follow the train of thought that have come to him in the dark garden … Dobby would never be able to tell them who have send him to the cellar , but Harry know what he have see . a piercing blue eye have look out of the mirror fragment , and then help have come . help will always be give at Hogwarts to those who ask for it . Harry dry his hand , impervious to the beauty of the scene outside the window and to the murmur of the other in the sit room . he look out over the ocean and feel closer , this dawn , than ever before , close to the heart of it all . and still his scar prickle , and he know that Voldemort be get there too . Harry understand and yet do not understand . his instinct be tell him one thing , his brain quite another . the Dumbledore in Harry 's head smile , survey Harry over the tip of his finger , press together as if in prayer . you give Ron the Deluminator…You understand him…You give him a way back … and you understand Wormtail too…You know there be a bit of regret there , somewhere … and if you know them…What do you know about me , Dumbledore ? be I mean to know but not to seek ? do you know how hard I will feel that ? be that why you make it this difficult ? so I will have time to work that out ? Harry stand quite still , eye glaze , watch the place where a bright gold ray of dazzling sun be rise over the horizon . then he look down at his clean hand and be momentarily surprise to see the cloth he be hold in them . he set it down and return to the hall , and as he do so , he feel his scar pulse angrily , and then flash across his mind , swift as the reflection of a dragonfly over water , the outline of a building he know extremely well . Bill and Fleur be stand at the foot of the stair . " I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander , " Harry say . " no , " say Fleur . " you will ' ave to wait , ' Arry . Zey be both too tire - " " I be sorry , " he say without heat , " but it ca n't wait . I need to talk to them now . privately - and separately . it be urgent . " " Harry , what the hell be go on ? " ask Bill . " you turn up here with a dead house-elf and a half-conscious goblin , Hermione look as though she have be torture , and Ron 's just refuse to tell me anything - " " we ca n't tell you what we be do , " say Harry flatly . " you be in the Order , Bill , you know Dumbledore leave us a mission . we be not suppose to talk about it to anyone else . " Fleur make an impatient noise , but Bill do not look at her ; he be stare at Harry . his deeply scar face be hard to read . finally , Bill say , " all right . who do you want to talk to first ? " Harry hesitate . he know what hang on his decision . there be hardly any time leave ; now be the moment to decide : Horcruxes or Hallows ? " Griphook , " Harry say . " I will speak to Griphook first . " his heart be race as if he have be sprint and have just clear an enormous obstacle . " up here , then , " say Bill , lead the way . Harry have walk up several step before stop and look back . " I need you two as well ! " he call to Ron and Hermione , who have be skulk , half conceal , in the doorway of the sit room . they both move into the light , look oddly relieve . " how be you ? " Harry ask Hermione . " you be amazing - come up with that story when she be hurt you like that - " Hermione give a weak smile as Ron give her a one-armed squeeze . " what be we do now , Harry ? " he ask . " you will see . come on . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione follow Bill up the steep stair onto a small landing . three door lead off it . " in here , " say Bill , open the door into his and Fleur 's room , it too have a view of the sea , now fleck with gold in the sunrise . Harry move to the window , turn his back on the spectacular view , and wait , his arm fold , his scar prickle . Hermione take the chair beside the dress table ; Ron sit on the arm . bill reappear , carry the little goblin , whom he set down carefully upon the bed . Griphook grunt thanks , and Bill leave , close the door upon them all . " I be sorry to take you out of bed , " say Harry . " how be your leg ? " " painful , " reply the goblin . " but mending . " he be still clutch the sword of Gryffindor , and wear a strange look : half truculent , half intrigue . Harry note the goblin 's sallow skin , his long thin finger , his black eye . Fleur have remove his shoe : his long foot be dirty . he be large than a house-elf , but not by much . his dome head be much big than a human 's . " you probably do n't remember - " Harry begin . " - that I be the goblin who show you to your vault , the first time you ever visit Gringotts ? " say Griphook . " I remember , Harry Potter . even amongst goblin , you be very famous . " Harry and the goblin look at each other , size each other up . Harry 's scar be still prickle . he want to get through this interview with Griphook quickly , and at the same time be afraid of make a false move . while he try to decide on the good way to approach his request , the goblin break the silence . " you bury the elf , " he say , sound unexpectedly rancorous . " I watch you from the window of the bedroom next door . " " yes , " say Harry . Griphook look at him out of the corner of his slanting black eye . " you be an unusual wizard , Harry Potter . " " in what way ? " ask Harry , rub his scar absently . " you dig the grave . " " so ? " Griphook do not answer . Harry rather think he be be sneer at for act like a Muggle , but it do not matter to him whether Griphook approve of Dobby 's grave or not . he gather himself for the attack . " Griphook , I need to ask - " " you also rescue a goblin . " " what ? " " you bring me here . save me . " " well , I take it you be not sorry ? " say Harry a little impatiently . " no , Harry Potter , " say Griphook , and with one finger he twist the thin black beard upon his chin , " but you be a very odd wizard . " " right , " say Harry . " well , I need some help , Griphook , and you can give it to me . " the goblin make no sign of encouragement , but continue to frown at Harry as though he have never see anything like him . " I need to break into a Gringotts vault . " Harry have not mean to say it so badly : the word be force from him as pain shot through his lightning scar and he see , again , the outline of Hogwarts . he close his mind firmly . he need to deal with Griphook first . Ron and Hermione be stare at Harry as though he have go mad . " Harry - " say Hermione , but she be cut off by Griphook . " break into a Gringotts vault ? " repeat the goblin , wince a little as he shift his position upon the bed . " it be impossible . " " no , it be n't , " Ron contradict him . " it have be do . " " yeah , " say Harry . " the same day I first meet you , Griphook . my birthday , seven year ago . " " the vault in question be empty at the time , " snap the goblin , and Harry understand that even though Griphook have let Gringotts , he be offend at the idea of its defense be breach . " its protection be minimal . " " well , the vault we need to get into be n't empty , and I be guess its protection will be pretty powerful , " say Harry . " it belong to the Lestranges . " he see Hermione and Ron look at each other , astonish , but there would be time enough to explain after Griphook have give his answer . " you have no chance , " say Griphook flatly . " no chance at all . if you seek beneath our floor , a treasure that be never yours - " " thief , you have be warn , beware - yeah , I know , I remember , " say Harry . " but I be not try to get myself any treasure , I be not try to take anything for personal gain . can you believe that ? " the goblin look slantwise at Harry , and the lightning scar on Harry 's forehead prickle , but he ignore it , refuse to acknowledge its pain or its invitation . " if there be a wizard of whom I would believe that they do not seek personal gain , " say Griphook finally , " it would be you , Harry Potter . goblin and elf be not use to the protection or the respect that you have show this night . not from wandcarriers . " " Wand-carriers , " repeat Harry : the phrase fall oddly upon his ear as his scar prickle , as Voldemort turn his thought northward , and as Harry burn to question Ollivander next door . " the right to carry a wand , " say the goblin quietly , " have long be contest between wizard and goblin . " " well , goblin can do magic without wand , " say Ron . " that be immaterial ! wizard refuse to share the secret of wand-lore with other magical being , they deny us the possibility of extend our power ! " " well , goblin wo n't share any of their magic either , " say Ron . " you wo n't tell us how to make sword and armor the way you do . goblin know how to work metal in a way wizard have never - " " it do n't matter , " say Harry , note Griphook 's rise color . " this be n't about wizard versus goblin or any other sort of magical creature - " Griphook give a nasty laugh . " but it be , it be precisely that ! as the Dark Lord become ever more powerful , your race be set still more firmly above mine ! Gringotts fall under Wizarding rule , house-elves be slaughter , and who amongst the wand-carriers protest ? " " we do ! " say Hermione . she have sit up straight , her eye bright . " we protest ! and I be hunt quite as much as any goblin or elf , Griphook ! I be a Mudblood ! " " do n't call yourself - " Ron mutter . " why should n't I ? " say Hermione . " Mudblood , and proud of it ! I have get no high position under this new order than you have , Griphook ! it be me they choose to torture , back at the Malfoys ! " as she speak , she pull aside the neck of the dress gown to reveal the thin cut Bellatrix have make , scarlet against her throat . " do you know that it be Harry who set Dobby free ? " she ask . " do you know that we have want elf to be free for year ? " ( Ron fidget uncomfortably on the arm of Hermione 's chair . ) " you ca n't want You-Know-Who defeat more than we do , Griphook ! " the goblin gaze at Hermione with the same curiousity he have show Harry . " what do you seek within the Lestranges ' vault ? " he ask abruptly . " the sword that lie inside it be a fake . this be the real one . " he look from one to the other of them . " I think that you already know this . you ask me to lie for you back there . " " but the fake sword be n't the only thing in that vault , be it ? " ask Harry . " perhaps you have see other thing in there ? " his heart be pound harder than ever . he redouble his effort to ignore the pulse of his scar . the goblin twist his beard around his finger again . " it be against our code to speak of the secret of Gringotts . we be the guardian of fabulous treasure . we have a duty to the object place in our care , which be , so often , wrought by our finger . " the goblin stroke the sword , and his black eye roved from Harry to Hermione to Ron and then back again . " so young , " he say finally , " to be fight so many . " " will you help us ? " say Harry . " we have n't get a hope of break in without a goblin 's help . you be our one chance . " " I shall . . . think about it , " say Griphook maddeningly . " but - " Ron start angrily ; Hermione nudge him in the rib . " thank you , " say Harry . the goblin bow his great dome head in acknowledgement , then flex his short leg . " I think , " he say , settle himself ostentatiously upon Bill and Fleur 's bed , " that the Skele-Gro have finish its work . I may be able to sleep at last . forgive me . . . . " " yeah , of course , " say Harry , but before leave the room he lean forward and take the sword of Gryffindor from beside the goblin . Griphook do not protest , but Harry think he see resentment in the goblin 's eye as he close the door upon him . " little git , " whisper Ron . " he be enjoy keep us hang . " " Harry , " whisper Hermione , pull them both away from the door , into the middle of the still-dark landing , " be you say what I think you be say ? be you say there be a Horcrux in the Lestranges vault ? " " yes , " say Harry . " Bellatrix be terrify when she think we have be in there , she be beside herself . why ? what do she think we have see , what else do she think we might have take ? something she be petrify You-Know-Who would find out about . " " but I think we be look for place You-Know-Who have be , place he have do something important ? " say Ron , look baffle . " be he ever inside the Lestranges ' vault ? " " I do n't know whether he be ever inside Gringotts , " say Harry . " he never have gold there when he be young , because nobody leave him anything . he would have see the bank from the outside , though , the first time he ever go to Diagon Alley . " Harry 's scar throb , but he ignore it ; he want Ron and Hermione to understand about Gringotts before they speak to Ollivander . " I think he would have envy anyone who have a key to a Gringotts vault . I think he will have see it as a real symbol of belong to the Wizarding world . and do n't forget , he trust Bellatrix and her husband . they be his most devoted servant before he fall , and they go look for him after he vanish . he say it night he come back , I hear him . " Harry rub his scar . " I do n't think he will have tell Bellatrix it be a Horcrux , though . he never tell Lucius Malfoy the truth about the diary . he probably tell her it be a treasure possession and ask her to place it in her vault . the safe place in the world for anything you want to hide , Hagrid tell me . . . except for Hogwarts . " when Harry have finish speaking , Ron shake his head . " you really understand him . " " bit of him , " say Harry . " bit . . . I just wish I have understand Dumbledore as much . but we will see . come on - Ollivander now . " Ron and Hermione look bewilder but very impressed as they follow him across the little landing and knock upon the door opposite Bill and Fleur 's . a weak " come in ! " answer them . the wandmaker be lie on the twin bed farthest from the window . he have be hold in the cellar for more than a year , and torture , Harry know , on at least one occasion . he be emaciate , the bone of his face stick out sharply against the yellowish skin . his great silver eye seem vast in their sunken socket . the hand that lay upon the blanket could have belong to a skeleton . Harry sit down on the empty bed , beside Ron and Hermione . the rise sun be not visible here . the room face the cliff-top garden and the freshly dug grave . " Mr. Ollivander , I be sorry to disturb you , " Harry say . " my dear boy , " Ollivander 's voice be feeble . " you rescue us , I think we would die in that place , I can never thank you . . . never thank you . . . enough . " " we be glad to do it . " Harry 's scar throb . he know , he be certain , that there be hardly any time left in which to beat Voldemort to his goal , or else to attempt to thwart him . he feel a flutter of panic . . . yet he have make his decision when he choose to speak to Griphook first . feign a calm he do not feel , he grope in the pouch around his neck and take out the two half of his break wand . " Mr. Ollivander , I need some help . " " anything . anything . " say the wandmaker weakly . " can you mend this ? be it possible ? " Ollivander hold out a tremble hand , and Harry place the two barely connect half in his palm . " Holly and phoenix feather , " say Ollivander in a tremulous voice . " eleven inch . nice and supple . " " yes , " say Harry . " can you -- ? " " no , " whisper Ollivander . " I be sorry , very sorry , but a wand that have suffer this degree of damage can be repair by any means that I know of . " Harry have be brace to hear it , but it be a blow nevertheless . he take the wand halve back and replace them in the pouch around his neck . Ollivander stare at the place where the shattered wand have vanish , and do not look away until Harry have take from his pocket the two wand he have bring from the Malfoys ' . " can you identify these ? " Harry ask . the wandmaker take the first of the wand and hold it close to his fade eye , roll it between his knobble-knuckled finger , flex it slightly . " Walnut and dragon heartstring , " he say . " Twelve-and-three-quarter inch . unyielding . this wand belong to Bellatrix Lestrange . " " and this one ? " Ollivander perform the same examination . " hawthorn and unicorn hair . ten inch precisely . reasonably springy . this be the wand of Draco Malfoy . " " be ? " repeat Harry . " be n't it still his ? " " perhaps not . if you take it - " " - I do - " " - then it may be yours . of course , the manner of take matter . much also depend upon the wand itself . in general , however , where a wand have be win , its allegiance will change . " there be a silence in the room , except for the distant rush of the sea . " you talk about wand like they have get feeling , " say Harry , " like they can think for themselves . " " the wand choose the wizard , " say Ollivander . " that much have always be clear to those of us who have study wandlore . " " a person can still use a wand that have n't choose them , though ? " ask Harry . " oh yes , if you be any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument . the good result , however , must always come where there be the strong affinity between wizard and wand . these connection be complex . an initial attraction , and then a mutual quest for experience , the wand learn from the wizard , the wizard from the wand . " the sea gush forward and backward ; it be a mournful sound . " I take this wand from Draco Malfoy by force , " say Harry . " can I use it safely ? " " I think so . subtle law govern wand ownership , but the conquer wand will usually bend its will to its new master . " " so I should use this one ? " say Ron , pull Wormtail 's wand out of his pocket and hand it to Ollivander . " chestnut and dragon heartstring . Nine-and-a-quarter inch . brittle . I be force to make this shortly after my kidnapping , for Peter Pettigrew . yes , if you win it , it be more likely to do your bidding , and do it well , than another wand . " " and this hold true for all wand , do it ? " ask Harry . " I think so , " reply Ollivander , his protuberant eye upon Harry 's face . " you ask deep question , Mr. Potter . Wandlore be a complex and mysterious branch of magic . " " so , it be n't necessary to kill the previous owner to take the possession of a wand ? " ask Harry . Ollivander swallow . " necessary ? no , I should not say that it be necessary to kill . " " there be legend , though , " say Harry , and as his heart rate quicken , the pain in his scar become more intense ; he be sure that Voldemort have decide to put his idea into action . " legend about a wand - or wand - that have be pass from hand to hand by murder . " Ollivander turn pale . against the snowy pillow he be light gray , and his eye be enormous , bloodshot , and bulge with what look like fear . " only one wand , I think , " he whisper . " and You-Know-Who be interested in it , be n't he ? " ask Harry . " I - how ? " croak Ollivander , and he look appealingly at Ron and Hermione for help . " how do you know this ? " " he want you to tell him how to overcome the connection between our wand , " say Harry . Ollivander look terrify . " he torture me , you must understand that ! the Cruciatus Curse , I - I have no choice but to tell him what I know , what I guess ! " " I understand , " say Harry . " you tell him about the twin core ? you say he just have to borrow another wizard 's wand ? " Ollivander look horrify , transfix , by the amount that Harry know . he nod slowly . " but it do n't work , " Harry go on . " mine still beat the borrow wand . do you know why that be ? " Ollivander shake his head slowly as he have just nod . " I have . . . never hear of such a thing . your wand perform something unique that night . the connection of the twin core be incredibly rare , yet why your wand would have snap the borrow wand , I do not know . . . . " we be talk about the other wand , the wand that change hand by murder . when You-Know-Who realize my wand have do something strange , he come back and ask about that other wand , do n't he ? " " how do you know this ? " Harry do not answer . " yes , he ask , " whisper Ollivander . " he want to know everything I could tell him about the wand variously know as the Deathstick , the Wand of Destiny , or the Elder Wand . " Harry glance sideways at Hermione . she look flaggergasted . " the Dark Lord , " say Ollivander in hush and frighten tone , " have always be happy with the wand I make him - yes and phoenix feather , thirteen-and-a-half inch . - until he discover the connection of the twin core . now he seek another , more powerful wand , as the only way to conquer yours . " " but he will know soon , if he do n't already , that mine be break beyond repair , " say Harry quietly . " no ! " say Hermione , sound frightened . " he ca n't know that , Harry , how could he -- ? " " priori Incantatem , " say Harry . " we leave your wand and the blackthorn wand at the Malfoys ' , Hermione . if they examine them properly , make them re-create the spell they have cast lately , they will see that yours break mine , they will see that you try and fail to mend it , and they will realize that I have be use the blackthorn one ever since . " the little color she have regain since their arrival have drain from her face . Ron give Harry a reproachful look , and say , " Let 's not worry about that now -- - " but Mr. Ollivander intervene . " the Dark Lord no longer seek the Elder Wand only for your destruction , Mr. Potter . he be determine to possess it because he believe it will make him truly invulnerable . " " and will it ? " " the owner of the Elder Wand must always fear attack , " say Ollivander , " but the idea of the Dark Lord in possession of the Deathstick be , I must admit . . . formidable . " Harry be suddenly remind of how unsure , when they first meet , of how much he like Ollivander . even now , have be torture and imprison by Voldemort , the idea of the Dark Wizard in possession of this wand seem to enthrall him as much as it repulse him . " you - you really think this wand exist , then , Mr. Ollivander ? " ask Hermione . " oh yes , " say Ollivander . " yes , it be perfectly possible to trace the wand 's course through history . there be gap , of , course , and long one , where it vanish from view , temporarily lose or hide ; but always it resurface . it have certain identify characteristic that those who be learn in wandlore recognize . there be written account , some of them obscure , that I and other wandmakers have make it our business to study . they have the ring of authenticity . " " so you - you do n't think it can be a fairy tale or a myth ? " Hermione ask hopefully . " no , " say Ollivander . " whether it need to pass by murder , I do not know . its history be bloody , but that may be simply due to the fact that it be such a desirable object , and arouse such passion in wizard . immensely powerful , dangerous in the wrong hand , and an object of incredible fascination to all of us who study the power of wand . " " Mr. Ollivander , " say Harry , " you tell You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch have the Elder Wand , do n't you ? " Ollivander turn , if possible , even pale . he look ghostly as he gulp . " but how - how do you -- ? " " never mind how I know it , " say Harry , close his eye momentarily as his scar burn and he see , for mere second , a vision of the main street in Hogsmeade , still dark , because it be so much farther north . " you tell You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch have the wand ? " " it be a rumor , " whisper Ollivander . " a rumor , year and year ago , long before you be bear I believe Gregorovitch himself start it . you can see how good it would be for business ; that he be study and duplicate the quality of the Elder Wand ! " " yes , I can see that , " say Harry . he stand up . " Mr. Ollivander , one last thing , and then we will let you get some rest . what do you know about the Deathly Hallows ? " " the - the what ? " ask the wandmaker , look utterly bewilder . " the Deathly Hallows . " " I be afraid I do n't know what you be talk about . be this still something to do with wand ? " Harry look into the sunken face and believe that Ollivander be not act . he do not know about the Hallows . " thank you , " say Harry . " thank you very much . we will leave you to get some rest now . " Ollivander look stricken . " he be torture me ! " he gasp . " the Cruciatus Curse . . . you have no idea . . . . " " I do , " say Harry , " I really do . please get some rest . thank you for tell me all of this . " he lead Ron and Hermione down the staircase . Harry catch glimpse of Bill , Fleur , Luna , and Dean sit at the table in the kitchen , cup of tea in front of them . they all look up at Harry as he appear in the doorway , but he merely nod to them and continue into the garden , Ron and Hermione behind him . the reddish mound of earth that cover Dobby lie ahead , and Harry walk back to it , as the pain in his head build more and more powerfully . it be a huge effort now to close down the vision that be force themselves upon him , but he know that he would have to resist only a little longer . he would yield very soon , because he need to know that his theory be right . he must make only one more short effort , so that he could explain to Ron and Hermione . " Gregorovitch have the Elder Wand a long time ago , " he say , " I see You-KnowWho try to find him . when he track him down , he find that Gregorovitch do n't have it anymore : it be steal from him by Grindelwald . how Grindelwald find out that Gregorovitch have it , I do n't know - but if Gregorovitch be stupid enough to spread the rumor , it ca n't have be that difficult . " Voldemort be at the gate of Hogwarts ; Harry could see him stand there , and see too the lamp bob in the pre-dawn , come close and close . " and Grindelwald use the Elder Wand to become powerful . and at the height of his power , when Dumbledore know he be the only one who could stop him , he duel Grindelwald and beat him , and he take the Elder Wand . " " Dumbledore have the Elder Wand ? " say Ron . " but then - where be it now ? " " at Hogwarts , " say Harry , fight to remain with them in the cliff-top garden . " but then , let be go ! " say Ron urgently . " Harry , let be go and get it before he do ! " " it be too late for that , " say Harry . he could not help himself , but clutch his head , try to help it resist . " he know where it be . he be there now . " " Harry ! " Ron say furiously . " how long have you know this - why have we be waste time ? why do you talk to Griphook first ? we could have go - we could still go - " " no , " say Harry , and he sink to his knee in the grass . " Hermione 's right . Dumbledore do n't want me to have it . he do n't want me to take it . he want me to get the Horcruxes . " " the unbeatable wand , Harry ! " moan Ron . " I be not suppose to . . . I be suppose to get the Horcruxes . . . . " and now everything be cool and dark : the sun be barely visible over the horizon as he glide alongside Snape , up through the ground toward the lake . " I shall join you in the castle shortly , " he say in his high , cold voice . " leave me now . " Snape bow and set off back up the path , his black cloak billow behind him . Harry walk slowly , wait for Snape 's figure to disappear . it would not do for Snape , or indeed anyone else , to see where he be go . but there be no light in the castle window , and he could conceal himself . . . and in a second he have cast upon himself a Disillusionment Charm that hide him even from his own eye . and he walk on , around the edge of the lake , take in the outline of the beloved castle , his first kingdom , his birthright . . . . and here it be , beside the lake , reflect in the dark water . the white marble tomb , an unnecessary blot on the familiar landscape . he feel again that rush of controlled euphoria , that heady sense of purpose in destruction . he raise the old yew wand : how fit that this would be its last great act . the tomb split open from head to foot . the shroud figure be as long as thin as it have be in life . he raise the wand again . the wrapping fall open . the face be translucent , pale , sunken , yet almost perfectly preserve . they have leave his spectacle on the crooked nose : he feel amused derision . Dumbledore 's hand be fold upon his chest , and there it lie , clutch beneath them , bury with him . have the old fool imagine that marble or death would protect the wand ? have he think that the Dark Lord would be scare to violate his tomb ? the spiderlike hand swoop and pull the wand from Dumbledore 's grasp , and as he take it , a shower of spark fly from its tip , sparkling over the corpse of its last owner , ready to serve a new master at last . Chapter Twenty-Five Shell Cottage Bill and Fleur 's cottage stand alone on a cliff overlook the sea , its wall embed with shell and whitewash . it be a lonely and beautiful place . wherever Harry go inside the tiny cottage or its garden , he could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea , like the breathing of some great , slumber creature . he spend much of the next few day make excuse to escape the crowded cottage , crave the cliff-top view of open sky and wide , empty sea , and the feel of cold , salty wind on his face . the enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the wand still scare Harry . he could not remember , ever before , choose /not/ to act . he be full of doubt , doubt that Ron could not help voice whenever they be together . " what if Dumbledore want us to work out the symbol in time to get the wand ? " " what if work out what the symbol mean make you ' worthy ' to get the Hallows ? " " Harry , if that really be the Elder Wand , how the hell be we suppose to finish off You-KnowWho ? " Harry have no answer : there be moment when he wonder whether it have be outright madness not to try to prevent Voldemort break open the tomb . he could not even explain satisfactorily why he have decide against it : every time he try to reconstruct the internal argument that have lead to his decision , they sound feeble to him . the odd thing be that Hermione 's support make him feel just as confuse as Ron 's doubt . now force to accept that the Elder Wand be real , she maintain that it be an evil object , and that the way Voldemort have take possession of it be repellent , not to be consider . " you could never have do that , Harry , " she say again and again . " you could n't have break into Dumbledore 's grave . " but the idea of Dumbledore 's corpse frighten Harry much less than the possibility that he might have misunderstand the live Dumbledore 's intention . he feel that he be still grope in the dark ; he have choose his path but keep look back , wonder whether he have misread the sign , whether he should not have take the other way . from time to time , anger at Dumbledore crash over him again , powerful as the wave slam themselves against the cliff beneath the cottage , anger that Dumbledore have not explain before he die . " but /is/ he dead ? " say Ron , three day after they have arrive at the cottage . Harry have be stare out over the wall that separate the cottage garden from the cliff when Ron and Hermione have find him ; he wish they have not , have no wish to join in with their argument . " yes , he be . Ron , /please " do n't start that again ! " " look at the fact , Hermione , " say Ron , speak across Harry , who continue to gaze at the horizon . " the solve doe . the sword . the eye Harry see in the mirror -- " " Harry admit he could have imagine the eye ! do n't you , Harry ? " " I could have , " say Harry without look at her . " but you do n't thing you do , do you ? " ask Ron . " no , I do n't , " say Harry . " there you go ! " say Ron quickly , before Hermione could carry on . " if it be n't Dumbledore , explain how Dobby know we be in the cellar , Hermione ? " " I ca n't -- but can you explain how Dumbledore send him to us if he be lie in a tomb at Hogwarts ? " " I dunno , it could have be his ghost ! " " Dumbledore would n't come back as a ghost , " say Harry . there be little about Dumbledore he be sure of now , but he know that much . " he would have go on . " " what d'you mean , ' go on ' ? " ask Ron , but before Harry could say any more , a voice behind them say , " ' Arry ? " Fleur have come out of the cottage , her long silver hair fly in the breeze . " ' Arry , Grip'ook would like to speak to you . ' E eez in ze small bedroom , ' e say ' e do not want to be over'eard . " her dislike of the goblin send her to deliver message be clear ; she look irritable as she walk back around the house . Griphook be wait for them , as Fleur have say , in the tiny of the cottage 's three bedroom , in which Hermione and Luna sleep by night . he have draw the red cotton curtain against the bright , cloudy sky , which give the room a fiery glow at odd with the rest of the airy , light cottage . " I have reach my decision , Harry Potter , " say the goblin , who be sit cross-legged in a low chair , drum its arm with his spindly finger . " though the goblin of Gringotts will consider it base treachery , I have decide to help you -- " " that be great ! " say Harry , relief surge through him . " Griphook , thank you , we be really -- " " -- in return , " say the goblin firmly , " for payment . " slightly take aback , Harry hesitate . " how much do you want ? I have get gold . " " not gold , " say Griphook . " I have gold . " his black eye glitter ; there be no white to his eye . " I want the sword . the sword of Godric Gryffindor . " Harry 's spirit plummet . " you ca n't have that , " he say . " I be sorry . " " then , " say the goblin softly , " we have a problem . " " we can give you something else , " say Ron eagerly . " I will bet the Lestranges have get load of stuff , you can take your pick once we get into the vault . " he have say the wrong thing . Griphook flush angrily . " I be not a thief , boy ! I be not try to procure treasure to which I have no right ! " " the sword be ours -- " " it be not , " say the goblin . " we be Gryffindors , and it be Godric Gryffindor 's -- " " and before it be Gryffindor 's , whose be it ? " demand the goblin , sit up straight . " no one be , " say Ron . " it be make for him , be n't it ? " " no ! " cry the goblin , bristle with anger as he point a long finger at Ron . " Wizarding arrogance again ! that sword be Ragnuk the First 's , take from him by Godric Gryffindor ! it be a _____ _________ , a masterpiece of goblinwork ! it belong with the gobl___ . the sword be the price of my hire , take it or leave it ! " Griphook glare at them . Harry glance at the other ____ , then say , " we need to discuss this , Griphook , if that be all right . could you give us a few minute ? " the goblin nod , look sour . downstairs in the empty sit room , Harry walk to the fireplace , brow furrow , try to think what to do . behind him , Ron say , " he be have a laugh . we ca n't let him have that sword . " " it be true ? " Harry ask Hermione . " be the sword steal by Gryffindor ? " " I do n't know , " she say hopelessly . " Wizarding history often skate over what the wizard have do to other magical race , but there be no account that I know of that say Gryffindor steal the sword . " " it will be one of those goblin story , " say Ron , " about how the wizard be always try to get one over on them . I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he have n't ask for one of our wand . " " goblin have get good reason to dislike wizard , Ron . " say Hermione . " they have be treat brutally in the past . " " goblin be n't exactly fluffy little bunny , though , be they ? " say Ron . " they have kill plenty of us . they have fight dirty too . " " but argue with Griphook about whose race be most underhanded and violent be n't go to make him more likely to help us , be it ? " there be a pause while they try to think of a way around the problem . Harry look out of the window at Dobby 's grave . Luna be arrange sea lavender in a jam jar beside the headstone . " okay , " say Ron , and Harry turn back to face him , " how be this ? we tell Griphook we need the sword until we get inside the _____ and then he can have it . there be a fake in these , be n't there ? we switch them , and give him the fake . " " Ron , he will know the difference well than we would ! " say Hermione . " he be the only one who realize there have be a swap ! " " yeah , but we could _ca_per before he realize -- " he quail beneath the look Hermione be give him . " that , " she say quietly , " be despicable . ask for his help , then double-cross him ? and you wonder why goblin do n't like wizard , Ron ? " Ron 's ear have turn red . " all right , all right ! it be the only thing I could think of ! what be your solution , then ? " " we need to offer him something else , something just as valuable . " " brilliant , I will go and get one of our ancient goblin-made sword and you can gift wrap it . " silence fall between them again . Harry be sure that the goblin would accept nothing but the sword , even if they have something as valuable to offer him . yet the sword be their one , indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes . he close his eye for a moment or two and listen to the rush of the sea . the idea that Gryffindor might have steal the sword be unpleasant to him : he have always be proud to be a Gryffindor ; Gryffindor have be the champion of Muggle-borns , the wizard who have clash with the pureblood-loving Slytherin ... . " maybe he be lie , " Harry say , open his eye again . " Griphook . maybe Gryffindor do n't take the sword . how do we know the goblin version of history 's right ? " " do it make a difference ? " ask Hermione . " change how I feel about it , " say Harry . he take a deep breath . " we will tell him he can have the sword after he have help us get into that vault -- but we will be careful to avoid tell him exactly /when/ he can have it . " a grin spread slowly across Ron 's face . Hermione , however , look alarmed . " Harry , we ca n't -- " " he can have it , " Harry go on , " after we have use it on all of the Horcruxes . I will make sure he get it then . I will keep my word . " " but that could be year ! " say Hermione . " I know that , but /he/ need n't . I wo n't be lie ... really . " Harry meet her eye with a mixture of defiance and shame . he remember the word that have be engrave over the gateway to Nurmengard : for the Greater Good . he push the idea away . what choice do they have ? " I do n't like it , " say Hermione . " nor do I , much , " Harry admit . " well , I think it be genius , " say Ron , stand up again . " let be go and tell him . " back in the small bedroom , Harry make the offer , careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time for the handover of the sword . Hermione frown at the floor while he be speak ; he feel irritated at her , afraid that she might give the game away . however , Griphook have eye for nobody but Harry . " I have your word , Harry Potter , that you will give me the sword of Gryffindor if I help you ? " " yes , " say Harry . " then shake , " say the goblin , hold out his hand . Harry take it and shake . he wonder whether those black eye see any misgiving in his own . then Griphook relinquish him , clap his hand together , and say , " so . we begin ! " it be like plan to break into the Ministry all over again . they settle to work in the small bedroom , which be keep , accord to Griphook 's preference , in semidarkness . " I have visit the Lestranges ' vault only once , " Griphook tell them , " on the occasion I be tell to place inside it the false sword . it be one of the most ancient chamber . the old Wizarding family store their treasure at the deep level , where the vault be large and well protected ... . " they remain shut in the cupboardlike room for hour at a time . slowly the day stretch into week . there be problem after problem to overcome , not least of which be that their store of Polyjuice Potion be greatly deplete . " there be really only enough leave for one of us , " say Hermione , tilt the thick mudlike potion against the lamplight . " that will be enough , " say Harry , who be examine Griphook 's hand-drawn map of the deep passageway . the other inhabitant of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that something be go on now that Harry , Ron and Hermione only emerge for mealtime . nobody ask question , although Harry often feel Bill 's eye on the three of them at the table , thoughtful , concerned . the longer they spend together , the more Harry realize that he do not much like the goblin . Griphook be unexpectedly bloodthirsty , laugh at the idea of pain in lesser creature and seem to relish the possibility that they might have to hurt other wizard to reach the Lestranges ' vault . Harry could tell that his distaste be share by the other two , but they do not discuss it . they need Griphook . the goblin eat only grudgingly with the rest of them . even after his leg have mend , he continue to request tray of food in his room , like the still-frail Ollivander , until Bill ( follow an angry outburst from Fleur ) go upstairs to tell him that the arrangement could not continue . thereafter Griphook join them at the overcrowd table , although he refuse to eat the same food , insist , instead , on lump of raw meat , root , and various fungus . Harry feel responsible : it be , after all , he who have insist that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage so that he could question him ; his fault that the whole Weasley family have be drive into hiding , that Bill , Fred , George , and Mr. Weasley could no longer work . " I be sorry , " he tell Fleur , one blustery April evening as he help her prepare dinner . " I never mean you to have to deal with all of this . " she have just set some knife to work , chip up steak for Griphook and Bill , who have prefer his meat bloody ever since he have be attack by Greyback . while the knife slice behind her , her somewhat irritable expression soften . " ' Arry , you save my sister 's life , I do not forget . " this be not , strictly speak , true , but Harry decide against remind her that Gabrielle have never be in real danger . " anyway , " Fleur go on , point her want at a pot of sauce on the stove , which begin to bubble at once , " Mr. Ollivander leave for Muriel 's zis evening . Zat will make zing easy . Ze goblin , " she scowl a little at the mention of him , " can move downstairs , and you , Ron , and Dean can take zat room . " " we do n't mind sleeping in the live room , " say Harry , who know that Griphook would thing poorly of have to sleep on the sofa ; keep Griphook happy be essential to their plan . " do n't worry about us . " and when she try to protest he go on , " we will be off your hand soon too , Ron , Hermione , and I. we wo n't need to be here much longer . " " but , what do you mean ? " she say , frown at him , her wand point at the casserole dish now suspend in midair . " of course you must not leave , you be safe ' ere ! " she look rather like Mrs. Weasley as she say it , and he be glad that the back door open at that moment . Luna and Dean enter , their hair damp from the rain outside and their arm full of driftwood . " ... and tiny little ear , " Luna be say , " a bit like hippo 's , Daddy say , only purple and hairy . and if you want to call them , you have to hum ; they prefer a waltz , nothing too fast ... . " look uncomfortable , Dean shrug at Harry as he pass , follow Luna into the combined dining and sit room where Ron and Hermione be lay the dinner table . seize the chance to escape Fleur 's question , Harry grab two jug of pumpkin juice and follow them . " ... and if you ever come to our house I will be able to show you the horn , Daddy write to me about it but I have n't see it yet , because the Death Eaters take me from the Hogwarts Express and I never get home for Christmas , " Luna be say , as she and Dean relit the fire . " Luna , we tell you , " Hermione call over to her . " that horn explode . it come from an Erumpent , not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack -- " " no , it be definitely a Snorkack horn , " say Luna serenely , " Daddy tell me . it will probably have re-form by now , they mend themselves , you know . " Hermione shake her head and continue lay down fork as Bill appear , lead Mr. Ollivander down the stair . the wandmaker still look exceptionally frail , and he cling to Bill 's arm as the latter support him , carry a large suitcase . " I be go to miss you , Mr. Ollivander , " say Luna , approach the old man . " and I you , my dear , " say Ollivander , pat her on the shoulder . " you be an inexpressible comfort to me in that terrible place . " " so , au Revoir , Mr. Ollivander , " say Fleur , kiss him on both cheek . " and I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by deliver a package to Bill 's Auntie Murie ! ? I never return ' er tiara . " " it will be an honor , " say Ollivander with a little bow , " the very least I can do in return for your generous hospitality . " Fleur draw out a worn velvet case , which she open to show the wandmaker . the tiara sit glitter and twinkle in the light from the low-hanging lamp . " moonstone and diamond , " say Griphook , who have sidle into the room without Harry notice . " make by goblin , I think ? " " and pay for by wizard , " say Bill quietly , and the goblin shoot him a look that be both furtive and challenging . a strong wind gusted against the cottage window as Bill and Ollivander set off into the night . the rest of them squeeze in around the table ; elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move , they start to eat . the fire crackle and pop in the grate beside them . Fleur , Harry notice , be merely play with her food ; she glance at the window every few minute ; however , Bill return before they have finish their first course , his long hair tangle by the wind . " everything 's fine , " he tell Fleur . " Ollivander settle in , Mum and Dad say hello . Ginny send you all her love , Fred and George be drive Muriel up the wall , they be still operate an Owl-Order business out of her back room . it cheer her up to have her tiara back , though . she say she think we have steal it . " " ah , she eez charmant , your aunt , " say Fleur crossly , wave her wand and cause the dirty plate to rise and form a stack in midair . she catch them and march out of the room . " daddy have make a tiara , " pipe up Luna , " well , more of a crown , really . " Ron catch Harry 's eye and grin ; Harry know that he be remember the ludicrous headdress they have see on their visit to Xenophilius . " yes , he be try to re-create the lose diadem of Ravenclaw . he think he be identify most of the main element now . add the billywig wing really make a difference -- " there be a bang on the front door . everyone 's head turn toward it . Fleur come run out of the kitchen , look frightened ; Bill jump to his feed , his wand point at the door ; Harry , Ron , and Hermione do the same . silently Griphook slip beneath the table , out of sight . " who be it ? " Bill call . " it be I , Remus John Lupin ! " call a voice over the howl wind . Harry experience a thrill of fear ; what have happen ? " I be a werewolf , marry to Nymphadora Tonks , and you , the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage , tell me the address and bid me come in an emergency ! " " lupin , " mutter Bill , and he run to the door and wrench it open . lupin fall over the threshold . he be white-faced , wrap in a travel cloak , his graying hair windswept . he straighten up , look around the room , make sure of who be there , then cry aloud , " it be a boy ! we have name him Ted , after Dora 's father ! " Hermione shriek . " Wha -- ? Tonks -- Tonks have have the baby ? " " yes , yes , she have have the baby ! " shout Lupin . all around the table come cry of delight , sigh of relief : Hermione and Fleur both squeal , " congratulation ! " and Ron say , " Blimey , a baby ! " as if he have never hear of such a thing before . " yes -- yes -- a boy , " say Lupin again , who seem daze by his own happiness . he stride around the table and hug Harry ; the scene in the basement of Grimmauld Place might never have happen . " you will be godfather ? " he say as he release Harry . " M-me ? " stammer Harry . " you , yes , of course -- Dora quite agree , no one good -- " " I -- yeah -- blimey -- " Harry feel overwhelm , astonish , delight ; now Bill be hurry to fetch wine , and Fleur be persuade Lupin to join them for a drink . " I ca n't stay long , I must get back , " say Lupin , beam around at them all : he look year young than Harry have ever see him . " thank you , thank you , Bill " Bill have soon fill all of their goblet , they stand and raise them high in a toast . " to Teddy Remus Lupin , " say Lupin , " a great wizard in the making ! " " ' Oo do ' e look like ? " Fleur inquire . " I think he look like Dora , but she think he be like me . not much hair . it look black when he be bear , but I swear it be turn ginger in the hour since . probably blond by the time I get back . Andromeda say Tonks 's hair start change color the day that she be bear . " he drain his goblet . " oh , go on then , just one more , " he add , beam , as Bill make to fill it again . the wind buffet the little cottage and the fire leap and crackle , and Bill be soon open another bottle of wine . lupin 's news seem to have take them out of themselves , remove them for a while from their state of siege : tidings of new life be exhilarate . only the goblin seem untouched by the suddenly festive atmosphere , and after a while he slink back to the bedroom he now occupy alone . Harry think he be the only one who have notice this , until he see Bill 's eye follow the goblin up the stair . " no ... no ... I really must get back , " say Lupin at last , decline yet another goblet of wine . he get to his foot and pull his travel cloak back around himself . " Good-bye , good-bye -- I will try and bring some picture in a few day 's time -- they will all be so glad to know that I have see you -- " he fasten his cloak and make his farewell , hug the woman and grasp hand with the man , then , still beaming , return into the wild night . " godfather , Harry ! " say Bill as they walk into the kitchen together , help clear the table . " a real honor ! congratulation ! " as Harry set down the empty goblet he be carry , Bill pull the door behind him close , shut out the still-voluble voice of the other , who be continue to celebrate even in Lupin 's absence . " I want a private word , actually , Harry . it have n't be easy to get an opportunity with the cottage this full of people . " Bill hesitate . " Harry , you be plan something with Griphook . " it be a statement , not a question , and Harry do not bother to deny it . he merely look at Bill , wait . " I know goblin , " say Bill . " I have work for Gringotts ever since I leave Hogwarts . as far as there can be friendship between wizard and goblin , I have goblin friend -- or , at least , goblin I know well , and like . " again , Bill hesitate . " Harry , what do you want from Griphook , and what have you promise him in return ? " " I ca n't tell you that , " say Harry . " sorry , Bill . " the kitchen door open behind them ; Fleur be try to bring through more empty goblet . " wait , " Bill tell her , " just a moment . " she back out and he close the door again . " then I have to say this , " Bill go on . " if you have strike any kind of bargain with Griphook , and most particularly if that bargain involve treasure , you must be exceptionally careful . goblin notion of ownership , payment , and repayment be not the same as human one . " Harry feel a slight squirm of discomfort , as though a small snake have stir inside him . " what do you mean ? " he ask . " we be talk about a different breed of be , " say Bill . " dealings between wizard and goblin have be fraught for century -- but you will know all that from history of Magic . there have be fault on both side , I would never claim that wizard have be innocent . however , there be a belief among some goblin , and those at Gringotts be perhaps most prone to it , that wizard can be trust in matter of gold and treasure , that they have no respect for goblin ownership . " " I respect -- " Harry begin , but Bill shake his head . " you do n't understand , Harry , nobody could understand unless they have live with goblin . to a goblin , the rightful and true master of any object be the maker , not the purchaser . all goblin make object be , in goblin eye , rightfully theirs . " " but it be buy -- " " -- then they would consider it rent by the one who have pay the money . they have , however , great difficulty with the idea of goblin-made object pass from wizard to wizard . you see Griphook 's face when the tiara pass under his eye . he disapprove . I believe he think , as do the fierce of his kind , that it ought to have be return to the goblin once the original purchaser die . they consider our habit of keep goblin-made object , pass them from wizard to wizard without further payment , little more than theft . " Harry have an ominous feeling now ; he wonder whether Bill guess more than he be let on . " all I be say , " say Bill , set his hand on the door back into the sit room , " be to be very careful what you promise goblin , Harry . it would be less dangerous to break into Gringotts than to renege on a promise to a goblin . " " right , " say Harry as Bill open the door , " yeah . thanks . I will bear that in mind . " as he follow Bill back to the other a wry thought come to him , bear no doubt of the wine he have drink . he seem set on ______ to become just as reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black have be to him . Chapter Twenty-Six Gringotts their plan be make , their preparation complete ; in the small bedroom a single long , coarse black hair ( pluck from the sweater Hermione have be wear at Malfoy Manor ) lie curl in a small glass phial on the mantelpiece . " and you will be use her actual wand , " say Harry , nod toward the walnut wand , " so I reckon you will be pretty convincing . " Hermione look frightened that the wand might sting or bite her as she pick it up . " I hate that thing , " she say in a low voice . " I really hate it . it feel all wrong , it do n't work properly for me . . . it be like a bit of her . " Harry could not help but remember how Hermione have dismiss his loathing of the blackthorn wand , insist that he be imagine thing when it do not work as well as his own , tell him to simply practice . he choose not to repeat her own advice back to her , however , the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts feel like the wrong moment to antagonize her . " it will probably help you get in character , though , " say Ron . " think what that wand be do ! " " but that be my point ! " say Hermione . " this be the wand that torture Neville 's mum and dad , and who know how many other people ? this be the wand that kill Sirius ! " Harry have not think of that : he look down at the wand and be visit by a brutal urge to snap it , to slice it in half with Gryffindor 's sword , which be prop against the wall beside him . " I miss my wand , " Hermione say miserably . " I wish Mr. Ollivander could have make me another one too . " Mr. Ollivander have send Luna a new wand that morning . she be out on the back lawn at that moment , test its capability in the late afternoon sun . Dean , who have lose his wand to the Snatchers , be watch rather gloomily . Harry look down at the hawthorn wand that have once belong to Draco Malfoy . he have be surprise , but please to discover that it work for him at least as well as Hermione 's have do . remember what Ollivander have tell them of the secret working of wand , Harry think he know what Hermione 's problem be : she have not win the walnut wand 's allegiance by take it personally from Bellatrix . the door of the bedroom open and Griphook enter . Harry reach instinctively for the hilt of the sword and draw it close to him , but regret his action at once . he could tell that the goblin have notice . seek to gloss over the sticky moment , he say , " we have just be check the last-minute stuff , Griphook . we have tell Bill and Fleur we be leave tomorrow , and we have tell them not to get up to see us off . " they have be firm on this point , because Hermione would need to transform in Bellatrix before they leave , and the less that Bill and Fleur know or suspect about what they be about to do , the well . they have also explain that they would not be return . as they have lose Perkin 's old tent on the night that the Snatcher have catch them , Bill have lend them another one . it be now pack inside the bead bag , which , Harry be impress to learn , Hermione have protect from the snatcher by the simple expedient of stuff it down her sock . though he would miss Bill , Fleur , Luna , and Dean , not to mention the home comfort they have enjoy over the last few week , Harry be look forward to escape the confinement of Shell Cottage . he be tire of try to make sure that they be not overhear , tire of be shut in the tiny , dark bedroom . most of all , he long to be rid of Griphook . however , precisely how and when they be to part from the goblin without hand over Gryffindor 's sword remain a question to which Harry have no answer . it have be impossible to decide how they be go to do it , because the goblin rarely leave Harry , Ron , and Hermione alone together for more than five minute at a time : " he could give my mother lesson , " growl Ron , as the goblin 's long finger keep appear around the edge of door . with Bill 's warning in mind , Harry could not help suspect that Griphook be on the watch for possible skullduggery . Hermione disapprove so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harry have give up attempt to pick her brain on how good to do it : Ron , on the rare occasion that they have be able to snatch a few Griphook-free moment , have come up with nothing well than " we will just have to wing it , mate . " Harry sleep badly that night . lie away in the early hour , he think back to the way he have feel the night before they have infiltrate the Ministry of Magic and remember a determination , almost an excitement . now he be experience jolt of anxiety nagging doubt : he could not shake off the fear that it be all go to go wrong . he keep tell himself that their plan be good , that Griphook know what they be face , that they be well-prepared for all the difficulty they be likely to encounter , yet still he feel uneasy . once or twice he hear Ron stir and be sure that he too be awake , but they be share the sit room with Dean , so Harry do not speak . it be a relief when six o-clock arrive and they could slip out of their sleeping bag , dress in the semidarkness , then creep out into the garden , where they be to meet Hermione and Griphook . the dawn be chilly , but there be little wind now that it be May . Harry look up at the star still glimmer palely in the dark sky and listen to the sea wash backward and forward against the cliff : he be go to miss the sound . small green shoot be force their way up through the red earth of Dobby 's grave now , in a year 's time the mound would be cover in flower . the white stone that bear the elf 's name have already acquire a weathered look . he realize now that they could hardly have lay Dobby to rest in a more beautiful place , but Harry ache with sadness to think of leave him behind . look down on the grave , he wonder yet again how the elf have know where to come to rescue them . his finger move absentmindedly to the little pouch still string around his neck , thorough which he could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which he have be sure he have see Dumbledore 's eye . then the sound of a door opening make him look around . Bellatrix Lestrange be stride across the lawn toward them , accompany by Griphook . as she walk , she be tuck the small , bead bag into the inside pocket of another set of the old robe they have take from Grimmauld Place . though Harry know perfectly well that it be really Hermione , he could not suppress a shiver of loathing . she be tall than he be , her long black hair ripple down her back , her heavily lidded eye disdainful as they rest upon him ; but then she speak , and he hear Hermione through Bellatrix 's low voice . " she taste disgusting , bad than Gurdyroots ! okay , Ron , come here so I can do you . . . " " right , but remember , I do n't like the beard too long " " oh , for heaven 's sake , this be n't about look handsome " " it be not that , it get in the way ! but I like my nose a bit short , try and do it the way you do last time . " Hermione sigh and set to work , mutter under her breath as she transform various aspect of Ron 's appearance . he be to be give a completely fake identity , and they be trust to the malevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect him . meanwhile Harry and Griphook be to be conceal under the Invisibility Cloak . " there , " say Hermione , " how do he look , Harry ? " it be just not possible to discern Ron under his disguise , but only , Harry think because he know him so well . Ron 's hair be now long and wavy ; he have a thick brown beard and mustache , no freckle , a short , broad nose , and heavy eyebrow . " well , he be not my type , but he will do , " say Harry . " shall we go , then ? " all three of them glance back at Shell Cottage , lie dark and silent under the fading star , then turn and begin to walk toward the point , just beyond the boundary wall , where the Fidelius Chard stop work and they would be able to Disapparate . once past the gate , Griphook speak . " I should climb up now , Harry Potter , I think ? " Harry bend down and the goblin clamber onto his back , his hand link on front of Harry 's throat . he be not heavy , but Harry dislike the feeling of the goblin and the surprising strength with which he cling on . Hermione pull the Invisibility Cloak out of the bead bag and throw it over them both . " perfect , " she say , bend down to check Harry 's foot . " I ca n't see a thing . let be go . " Harry turn on the spot , with Griphook on his shoulder , concentrate with all his might on the Leaky Cauldron , the inn that be the entrance to Diagon Alley . the goblin cling even tight as they move into the compress darkness , and second later Harry 's foot find pavement and he open his eye on Charing Cross Road . Muggles bustle past wear the hangdog expression of early morning , quite unconscious of the little inn 's existence . the bar of the Leaky Cauldron be nearly desert . ton , the stoop and toothless landlord , be polish glass behind the bar counter ; a couple of warlock have a mutter conversation in the far corner glance at Hermione and draw back into the shadow . " madam Lestrange , " murmur Tom , and as Hermione pause he incline his head subserviently . " good morning , " say Hermione , and as Harry creep past , still carry Griphook piggyback under the Cloak , he see Tom look surprise . " too polite , " Harry whisper in Hermione 's ear as they pass out of the Inn into the tiny backyard . " you need to treat people like they be scum ! " " okay , okay ! " Hermione draw out Bellatrix 's wand and rap a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them . at once the brick begin to whirl and spin : a hole appear in the middle of them , which grow wide and wide , finally form an archway onto the narrow cobble street that be Diagon Alley . it be quiet , barely time for the shop to open , and there be hardly and shopper abroad . the crooked , cobble street be much alter now from the bustle place Harry have visit before his first team at Hogwarts so many year before . more shop than ever be board up , though several new establishment dedicate to the Dark Arts have be create since his last visit . Harry 's own face glare down at him from poster plaster over many window , always caption with the word undesirable Number One . a number of ragged people sit huddle in doorway . he hear them moan to the few passerby , plead for gold , insist that they be really wizard . one man have a bloody bandage over his eye . as they set off along the street , the beggar glimpse Hermione . they seem to melt away before her , draw hood over their face and flee as fast as they could . Hermione look after them curiously , until the man with the bloody bandage come staggering right across her path . " my child , " he bellow , point at her . his voice be crack , high-pitched , he sound distraught . " where be my child ? what have he do with them ? you know , you know ! " " I--I really -- " stammer Hermione . the man lunge at her , reach for her throat . then , with a bang and a burst of red light he be throw backward onto the ground , unconscious . Ron stand there , his wand still outstretch and a look of shock visible behind his beard . face appear at the window on either side of the street , while a little knot of prosperous-looking passerby gather their robe about them and break into gentle trot , keen to vacate the scene . their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have be more conspicuous ; for a moment Harry wonder whether it might not be good to leave now and try to think of a different plan . before they could move or consult one another , however , they hear a cry from behind them . " why , Madam Lestrange ! " Harry whirl around and Griphook tighten his hold around Harry 's neck : a tall , think wizard with a crown of bushy gray hair and a long , sharp nose be stride toward them . " it be Travers , " hiss the goblin into Harry 's ear , but at that moment Harry could not think who Travers be . Hermione have draw herself up to full height and say with as much contempt as she could muster : " and what do you want ? " Travers stop in his track , clearly affront . " he be another Death Eater ! " breathe Griphook , and Harry sidle sideways to repeat the information into Hermione 's ear . " I merely seek to greet you , " say Travers coolly , " but if my presence be not welcome . . . " Harry recognize his voice now : Travers be one of the Death Eaters who have be summon to Xenophilius 's house . " no , no , not at all , Travers , " say Hermione quickly , try to cover up her mistake . " how be you ? " " well , I confess I be surprise to see you out and about , Bellatrix . " " really ? why ? " ask Hermione . " well , " Travers cough , " I hear that the inhabitant of Malfoy Manor be confine to the house , after the . . . ah . . . escape . " Harry will Hermione to keep her head . if this be true , and Bellatrix be not suppose to be out in public -- " the Dark Lord forgive those who have serve him most faithfully in the past , " say Hermione in a magnificent imitation of Bellatrix 's most contemptuous manner . " perhaps your credit be not as good with him as mine be , Travers . " though the Death Eater look offend , he also seem less suspicious . he glance down at the man Ron have just stun . " how do it offend you ? " " it do not matter , it will not do so again , " say Hermione coolly . " some of these wandless can be troublesome , " say Travers . " while they do nothing but beg I have no objection , but one of them actually ask me to plead her case in the Ministry last week . ' I be a witch , sir , I be a witch , let me prove it to you ! " he say in a squeaky impersonation . " as if I be go to give her my wand--but whose wand , " say Travers curiously , " be you use at the moment , Bellatrix ? I hear that your own be -- " " I have my wand here , " say Hermione coldly , hold up Bellatrix 's wand . " I do n't know what rumor you have be listen to , Travers , but you seem sadly misinform . " Travers seem a little take aback at that , and he turn instead to Ron . " who be your friend ? I do not recognize him . " " this be Dragomir Despard , " say Hermione ; they have decide that a fictional foreigner be the safe cover for Ron to assume . " he speak very little English , but he be in sympathy with the Dark Lord 's aim . he have travel here from Transylvania to see our new regime . " " indeed ? how do you do , Dragomir ? " " ' Ow you ? " say Ron , hold out his hand . Travers extend two finger and shake Ron 's hand as though frightened of dirty himself . so what bring you and your--ah--sympathetic friend to Diagon Alley this early ? " ask Travers . " I need to visit Gringotts , " say Hermione . " alas , I also , " say Travers . " gold , filthy gold ! we can live without it , yet I confess I deplore the necessity of consort with our long-fingered friend . " Harry feel Griphook 's clasp hand tighten momentarily around his neck . " shall we ? " say Travers , gesture Hermione forward . Hermione have no choice but to fall into step beside him and head along the crooked , cobble street toward the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stand towering over the other little shop . Ron slope along beside them , and Harry and Griphook follow . a watchful Death Eater be the very last thing they need , and the bad of it be , with Travers match at what he believe to be Bellatrix 's side , there be no means for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron . all too soon they arrive at the foot of the marble step lead up to the great bronze door . as Griphook have already warn them , the liveried goblin who usually flank the entrance have be replace by two wizard , both of whom be clutch long thin golden rod . " ah , Probity Probes , " sign Travers theatrically , " so crude--but so effective ! " and he set off up the step , nod left and right to the wizard , who raise the golden rod and pass them up and down his body . the Probes , Harry know , detect spell of concealment and hidden magical object . know that he have only second , Harry point Draco 's wand at each of the guard in turn and murmur , " Confundo " twice . unnoticed by Travers , who be look through the bronze door at the inner hall , each of the guard give a little start as the spell hit them . Hermione 's long black hair ripple behind her as she climb the step . " one moment , madam , " say the guard , raise his probe . " but you have just do that ! " say Hermione in Bellatrix 's commanding , arrogant voice . Travers look around , eyebrow raise . the guard be confuse . he stare down at the thin golden probe and then at his companion , who say in a slightly daze voice , " Yeah , you have just check them , Marius . " Hermione sweep forward . Ron by her side , Harry and Griphook trot invisibly behind them . Harry glance back as they cross the threshold . the wizard be both scratch their head . two goblin stand before the inner door , which be make of silver and which carry the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thief . Harry look up at it , and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory come to him : stand on this very spot on the day that he have turn eleven , the most wonderful birthday of his life , and Hagrid stand beside him say , " like I say , yeh will be mad ter try an ' rob it . " Gringotts have seem a place of wonder that day , the enchant repository of a trove of gold he have never know he possess , and never for an instant could he have dream that he would return to steal . . . but within second they be stand in the vast marble hall of the bank . the long counter be man by goblin sit on high stool serve the first customer of the day . Hermione , Ron , and Travers head toward an old goblin who be examine a thick gold coin through an eyeglass . Hermione allow Travers to step ahead of her on the pretext of explain feature of the hall to Ron . the goblin toss the coin he be hold aside , say to nobody in particular , " Leprechaun , " and then greet Travers , who pass over a tiny golden key , which be examine and give back to him . Hermione step forward . " madam Lestrange ! " say the goblin , evidently startle . " dear me ! " How--how may I help you today ? " " I wish to enter my vault , " say Hermione . the old goblin seem to recoil a little . Harry glance around . not only be Travers hang back , watch , but several other goblin have look up from their work to stare at Hermione . " you have . . . identification ? " ask the goblin . " identification ? I--I have never be ask for identification before ! " say Hermione . " they know ! " whisper Griphook in Harry 's ear , " they must have be warn there might be an imposter ! " " your wand will do , madam , " say the goblin . he hold out a slightly tremble hand , and in a dreadful blast of realization Harry know that the goblin of Gringotts be aware that Bellatrix 's wand have be steal . " act now , act now , " whisper Griphook in Harry 's ear , " the Imperious Curse ! " Harry raise the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak , point it at the old goblin , and whisper , for the first time in his life , " Imperio ! " a curious sensation shoot down Harry 's arm , a feeling of tingle , warmth that seem to flow from his mind , down the sinew and vein connect him to the wand and the curse it have just cast . the goblin take Bellatrix 's wand , examine it closely , and then say , " ah , you have have a new wand make , Madam Lestrange ! " " what ? " say Hermione , " no , no , that be mine -- " " a new wand ? " say Travers , approach the counter again ; still the goblin all around be watch . " but how could you have do , which wandmaker do you use ? " Harry act without thinking . point his wand at Travers , he mutter , " Imperio ! " once more . " oh yes , I see , " say Travers , look down at Bellatrix 's wand , " yes , very handsome . and be it work well ? I always think wand require a little breaking in , do n't you ? " Hermione look utterly bewilder , but to Harry 's enormous relief she accept the bizarre turn of event without comment . the old goblin behind the counter clap his hand and a young goblin approach . " I shall need the Clankers , " he tell the goblin , who dash away and return a moment later with a leather bag that seem to be full of jangle metal , which he hand to his senior . " good , good ! S , if you will follow me , Madam Lestrange , " say the old goblin , hop down off his stool and vanish from sight . " I shall take you to your vault . " he appear around the end of the counter , jog happily toward them , the content of the leather bag still jingle . Travers be now stand quite still with his mouth hang wide open . Ron be draw attention to this odd phenomenon by regard Travers with confusion . " wait - Bogrod ! " another goblin come scurry around the counter . " we have instruction , " he say with a bow to Hermione . " forgive me , Madam , but there have be special order regard the vault of Lestrange . " he whisper urgently in Bogrod 's ear , but the Imperiused goblin shake him off . " I be aware of the instruction , Madam Lestrange wish to visit her vault … Very old family … old client … this way , please … " and , still clank , he hurry toward one of the many door lead off the hall . Harry look back at Travers , who be still root to the spot look abnormally vacant , and make his decision . with a flick of his wand he make Travers come with them , walk meekly in their wake as they reach the door and pass into the rough stone passageway beyond , which be light with flaming torch . " we be in trouble ; they suspect , " say Harry as the door slam behind them and he pull off the Invisibility Cloak . Griphook jump down from his shoulder : neither Travers nor Bogrod show the slight surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry Potter in their midst . " they be Imperiused , " he add , in response to Hermione and Ron 's confused query about Travers and Bogrod , who be both now stand there look blank . " I do n't think I do it strongly enough , I do n't know … " and another memory dart through his mind , of the real Bellatrix Lestrange shriek at him when he have first try to use an unforgivable curse : " you need to mean them , Potter ! " " what do we do ? " ask Ron . " shall we get out now , while we can ? " " if we can , " say Hermione , look back toward the door into the main hall , beyond which who know what be happen . " we have get this far , I say we go on , " say Harry . " good ! " say Griphook . " so , we need Bogrod to control the cart ; I no long have the authority . but there will not be room for the wizard . " Harry point his wand at Travers . " Imperio ! " the wizard turn and set off along the dark track at a smart pace . " what be you make him do ? " " hide , " say Harry as he point his wand at Bogrod , who whistle to summon a little cart that come trundle along the track toward them out of the darkness . Harry be sure he could hear shout behind them in the main hall as they all clamber into it , Bogrod in front of Griphook , Harry , Ron , and Hermione cram together in the back . with a jerk the cart move off , gather speed : they hurry past Travers , who be wriggle into a crack in the wall , then the cart begin twist and turn through the labyrinthine passage , slope downward all the time . Harry could not hear anything over the rattle of the cart on the track : his hair fly behind him as they swerve between stalactite , fly ever deep into the earth , but he keep glance back . they might as well have leave enormous footprint behind them ; the more he think about it , the more foolish it seem to have disguise Hermione as Bellatrix , to have bring along Bellatrix 's wand , when the death eater know who have steal it - there be a deep than Harry have ever penetrate within Gringotts ; they take a hairpin bend at speed and see ahead of them , with second to spare , a waterfall pound over the track . Harry hear Griphook shout , " no ! " but there be no brake . they zoom through it . Water fill Harry 's eye and mouth : he could not see or breathe : then , with an awful lurch , the cart flip over and they be all throw out of it . Harry hear the cart smash into piece against the passage wall , hear Hermione shriek something , and feel himself glide back toward the ground as though weightless , land painlessly on the rocky passage floor . " C-Cushioning Charm , " Hermione splutter , as Ron pull her to her foot , but to Harry 's horror he see that she be no long Bellatrix ; instead she stand there in overlarge robe , sop wet and completely herself ; Ron be red-haired and beardless again . they be realize it as they look at each other , feel their own face . " the thief 's downfall ! " say Griphook , clamber to his foot and look back the deluge onto the track , which , Harry know now , have be more than water . " it wash away all enchantment , all magical concealment ! they know there be imposer in Gringotts , they have set off defense against us ! " Harry see Hermione checking that she still have the bead bag , and hurriedly thrust his own hand under his jacket to make sure he have not lose the Invisibility Cloak . then he turn to see Bogrod shake his head in bewilderment : the thief 's Downfall seem to have lift his Imperius Curse . " we need him , " say Griphook , " we can enter the vault without a Gringott 's goblin . and we need the clankers ! " " Imperio ! " Harry say again ; his voice echo through the stone passage as he feel again the sense of heady control that flow from brain to wand . Bogrod submit once more to his will , his befuddle expression change to one of polite indifference , as Ron hurry to pick up the leather bag of metal tool . " Harry , I think I can hear people come ! " say Hermione , and she point Bellatrix 's wand at the waterfall and cry , " Protego ! " they see the Shield Charm break the flow of enchant water as it fly up the passageway . " good thinking , " say Harry . " lead the way , Griphook ! " " how be we go to get out again ? " Ron ask as they hurry on foot into the darkness after the goblin , Bogrod pant in their wake like an old dog . " let be worry about that when we have to , " say Harry . he be try to listen : he think he could hear something clank and move around nearby . " Griphook , how much farther ? " " not far , Harry Potter , not far … " and they turn a corner and see the thing for which Harry have be prepare , but which still bring all of them to a halt . a gigantic dragon be tether to the ground in front of them , bar access to four or five of the deep vault in the place . the beast 's scale have turn pale and flaky during its long incarceration under the ground , its eye be milkily pink ; both rear leg bear heavy cuff from which chain lead to enormous peg drive deep into the rocky floor . its great spiked wing , fold close to its body , would have fill the chamber if it spread them , and when it turn its ugly head toward them , it roar with a noise that make the rock tremble , open its mouth , and spit a jet of fire that send them run back up the passageway . " it be partially blind , " pant Griphook , " but even more savage for that . however , we have the mean to control it . it have learn what to expect when the Clankers come . give them to me . " Ron pass the bag to Griphook , and the goblin pull out a number of small metal instrument that when shaken make a long ringing noise like miniature hammer on anvil . Griphook hand them out : Bogrod accept his meekly . " you know what to do , " Griphook tell Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " it will expect pain when it hear the noise . it will retreat , and Bogrod must place his palm upon the door of the vault . " they advance around the corner again , shake the Clankers , and the noise echo off the rocky wall , grossly magnify , so that the inside of Harry 's skull seem to vibrate with the den . the dragon let out another hoarse roar , then retreat . Harry could see it tremble , and as they draw near he see the scar make by vicious slash across its face , and guess that it have be teach to fear hot sword when it hear the sound of the Clankers . " make him press his hand to the door ! " Griphook urge Harry , who turn his wand again upon Bogrod . the old goblin obey , press his palm to the wood , and the door of the vault melt away to reveal a cavelike opening cram from floor to ceiling with golden coin and goblet , silver armor , the skin of strange creature - some with long spine , other with droop wing - potion in jewel flask , and a skull still wear a crown . " search , fast ! " say Harry as they all hurry inside the vault . he have describe Hufflepuff 's cap to Ron and Hermione , but if it be the other , unknown Horcrux that reside in this vault , he do not know what it look like . he barely have time to glance around , however , before there be a muffle clunk from behind them : the door have reappear , seal them inside the vault , and they be plunge into total darkness . " no matter , Bogrod will be able to release us ! " say Griphook as Ron give a shout of surprise . " light your wand , ca n't you ? and hurry , we have little time ! " " Lumos ! " Harry shine his light wand around the vault : its beam fall upon glitter jewel ; he see the fake sword of Gryffindor lie on a high shelf amongst a jumble of chain . Ron and Hermione have light their wand too , and be now examine the pile of object surround them . " Harry , could this be -- ? Aargh ! " Hermione scream in pain , and Harry turn his wand on her in time to see a jewel goblet tumble from her grip . but as it fall , it split , become a shower of goblet , so that a second later , with a great clatter , the floor be cover in identical cup roll in every direction , the original impossible to discern amongst them . " it burn me ! " moan Hermione , suck her blister finger . " they have add Germino and Flagrante Curses ! " say Griphook . " everything you touch will burn and multiply , but the copy be worthless - and if you continue to handle the treasure , you will eventually be crush to death by the weight of expand gold ! " " okay , do n't touch anything ! " say Harry desperately , but even as he say it , Ron accidentally nudge one of the fall goblet with his foot , and twenty more explode into be while Ron hop on the spot , part of his shoe burn away by contact with the hot metal . " stand still , do n't move ! " say Hermione , clutch at Ron . " just look around ! " say Harry . " remember , the cup 's small and gold , it have get a badger engrave on it , two handle - otherwise see if you can spot Ravenclaw 's symbol anywhere , the eagle - " they direct their wand into every nook and crevice , turn cautiously on the spot . it be impossible not to brush up against anything ; Harry send a great cascade of fake Galleons onto the ground where they join the goblet , and now there be scarcely room to place their foot , and the glowing gold blaze with heat , so that the vault feel like a furnace . Harry 's wandlight pass over shield and goblin-made helmet set on shelf rise to the ceiling ; high and high he raise the beam , until suddenly it find an object that make his heart skip and his hand tremble . " it be there , it be up there ! " Ron and Hermione point there wand at it too , so that the little golden cup sparkle in a three-way spotlight : the cup that have belong to Helga Hufflepuff , which have pass into the possession of Hepzibah Smith , from whom it have be steal by Tom Riddle . " and how the hell be we go to get up there without touch anything ? " ask Ron . " Accio Cup ! " cry Hermione , who have evidently forget in her desperation what Griphook have tell them during their planning session . " no use , no use ! " snarl the goblin . " then what do we do ? " say Harry , glaring at the goblin . " if you want the sword , Griphook , then you will have to help us more than - wait ! can I touch stuff with the sword ? Hermione , give it here ! " Hermione fumble insider her robe , draw out a bead bag , rummage for a few second , then remove the shine sword . Harry seize it by its rubied hilt and touch the tip of the blade to a silver flagon nearby , which do not multiply . " if I can just poke the sword through a handle - but how be I go to get up there ? " the shelf on which the cup repose be out of reach for any of them , even Ron , who be tall . the heat from the enchant treasure rise in wave , and sweat run down Harry 's face and back as he struggle to think of a way up to the cup ; and then he hear the dragon roar on the other side of the vault door , and the sound of clank grow loud and loud . they be truly trap now : there be no way out except through the door , and a horde of goblin seem to be approach on the other side . Harry look at Ron and Hermione and see terror in their face . " Hermione , " say Harry , as the clank grow louder , " I have get to get up there , we have get to get rid of it - " she raise her wand , point it at Harry , and whisper , " Levicorpus . " hoist into the air by his ankle , Harry hit a suit of armor and replica burst out of it like white-hot body , fill the cramped space . with scream of pain , Ron , Hermione , and the two goblin be knock aside into other object , which also begin to replicate . half bury in a rise tide of red-hot treasure , they struggle and yell have Harry thrust the sword through the handle of Hufflepuff 's cup , hook it onto the blade . " Impervius ! " screech Hermione in an attempt to protect herself , Ron , and the goblin from the burning metal . then the bad scream yet make Harry look down : Ron and Hermione be waist deep in treasure , struggle to keep Bogrod from slip beneath the rise tide , but Griphook have sink out of sight ; and nothing but the tip of a few long finger be leave in view . Harry seize Griphook 's finger and pull . the blister goblin emerge by degree , howl . " Liberatocorpus ! " yell Harry , and with a crash he and Griphook land on the surface of the swell treasure , and the sword fly out of Harry 's hand . " get it ! " Harry yell , fight the pain of the hot metal on his skin , as Griphook clamber onto his shoulder again , determine to avoid the swell mass of red-hot object . " where be the sword ? it have the cup on it ! " the clank on the other side of the door be grow deafen - it be too late - " there ! " it be Griphook who have see it and Griphook who lunge , and in that instant Harry know that the goblin have never expect them to keep their word . one hand holding tightly to a fistful of Harry 's hair , to make sure he do not fall into the heave sea of burn gold , Griphook seize the hilt of the sword and swing it high out of Harry 's reach . the tiny golden cup , skewer by the handle on the sword 's blade be fling into the air . the goblin astride him , Harry dive and catch it , and although he could feel it scald his flesh he do not relinquish it , even while countless Hufflepuff cup burst from his fist , rain down upon him as the entrance of the vault open up again and he find himself slide uncontrollably on an expand avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bear him , Ron , Hermione into the outer chamber . hardly aware of the pain from the burn cover his body , and still bear along the swell of replicate treasure , Harry shove the cup into his pocket and reach up to retrieve the sword , but Griphook be go . slide from Harry 's shoulder the moment he could , he have sprint for cover amongst the surround goblin , brandish the sword and cry , " thief ! thief ! help ! thief ! " he vanish into the midst of the advance crowd , all of whom be hold dagger and who accept him without question . slip on the hot metal , Harry struggle to his foot and know that the only way out be through . " stupefy ! " he bellow , and Ron and Hermione join in : jet of red light fly into the crowd of goblin , and some topple over , but other advance , and Harry see several wizard guard run around the corner . the tethered dragon let out a roar , and a gush of flame fly over the goblin ; the wizard flee , doubled-up , back the way they have come , and inspiration , or madness , come to Harry . point his wand at the thick cuff chain the beast to the floor , he yell , " Relashio ! " the cuff break open with loud bang . " this way ! " Harry yell , and still shoot Stunning Spells at the advance goblin , he sprint toward the blind dragon . " Harry - Harry - what be you do ? " cry Hermione . " get up , climb up , come on - " the dragon have not realize that it be free : Harry 's foot find the crook of its hind leg and he pull himself up onto its back . the scale be hard as steel ; it do not even seem to feel him . he stretch out an arm ; Hermione hoist herself up ; Ron climb on behind them , and a second later the dragon become aware that it be untethered . with a roar it rear : Harry dig in his knee , clutch as tightly as he could to the jagged scale as the wing open , knock the shriek goblin aside like skittle , and it soar into the air . Harry , Ron , and Hermione , flat on its back , scrape against the ceiling as it dive toward the passage opening , while the pursue goblin hurl dagger that glance off its flank . " we will never get out , it be too big ! " Hermione scream , but the dragon open its mouth and belch flame again , blast the tunnel , whose floor and ceiling crack and crumble . by sheer force , the dragon claw and fight its way through . Harry 's eye be shut tight against the heat and dust : deafen by the crash of rock and the dragon 's roar , he could only cling to its back , expect to be shake off at any moment ; then he hear Hermione yell , " Defodio ! " she be help the dragon enlarge the passageway , carve out the ceiling as it struggle upward toward the fresher air , away from the shriek and clank goblin : Harry and Ron copy her , blast the ceiling apart with more gouging spell . they pass the underground lake , and the great crawl , snarl beast seem to sense freedom and space ahead of it , and behind them the passage be full of the dragon 's thrashing , spiked tail , of great lump of rock , gigantic fractured stalactite , and the clank of the goblin seem to be grow more muffle , while ahead , the dragon 's fire keep their progress clear - and then at last , by the combined force of their spell and the dragon 's brute strength , they have blast their way out of the passage into the marble hallway . goblin and wizard shriek and run for cover , and finally the dragon have room to stretch its wing : turn its horned head toward the cool outside air it could smell beyond the entrance , it take off , and with Harry , Ron , and Hermione still cling to its back , it force its way through the metal door , leave them buckled and hang from their hinge , as it stagger into Diagon Alley and launch itself into the sky . Chapter Twenty-Seven the final Hiding place there be no means of steering ; the dragon could not see where it be go , and Harry know that if it turn sharply or roll in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto its broad back . nevertheless , as they climb high and high , London unfurl below them like a gray-and-green map , Harry 's overwhelming feeling be of gratitude for an escape that have seem impossible . crouch low over the beast 's neck , he cling tight to the metallic scale , and the cool breeze be soothe on his burned and blister skin , the dragon 's wing beat the air like the sail of a windmill . behind him , whether from delight or fear he could not tell . Ron keep swear at the top of his voice , and Hermione seem to be sob . after five minute or so , Harry lose some of his immediate dread that the dragon be go to throw them off , for it seem intent on nothing but get as far away from its underground prison as possible ; but the question of how and when they be to dismount remain rather frightening . he have no idea how long dragon could fly without landing , nor how this particular dragon , which could barely see , would locate a good place to put down . he glance around constantly , imagine that he could feel his seat prickle . how long would it be before Voldemort know that they have break into the Lestranges ' vault ? how soon would the goblin of Gringotts notify Bellatrix ? how quickly would they realize what have be take ? and then , when they discover that the golden cup be miss ? Voldemort would know , at last , that they be hunt Horcruxes . the dragon seem to crave cool and fresh air . it climb steadily until they be fly through wisp of chilly cloud , and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dot which be car pour in and out of the capital . on and on they fly , over countryside parcel out in patch of green and brown , over road and river wind through the landscape like strip of matte and glossy ribbon . " what do you reckon it be look for ? " Ron yell as they fly farther and farther north . " no idea , " Harry bellow back . his hand be numb with cold but he do not date attempt to shift his grip . he have be wonder for some time what they would do if they see the coast sail beneath them , if the dragon head for open seal he be cold and numb , not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty . when , he wonder , have the beast itself last eat ? surely it would need sustenance before long ? and what if , at that point , it realize it have three highly edible human sit on its back ? the sun slip low in the sky , which be turn indigo ; and still the dragon fly , city and town glide out of sight beneath them , its enormous shadow slide over the earth like a giant dark cloud . every part of Harry ache with the effort of hold on to the dragon 's back . " be it my imagination , " shout Ron after a considerable stretch of silence , " or be we lose height ? " Harry look down and see deep green mountain and lake , coppery in the sunset . the landscape seem to grow large and more detailed as he squint over the side of the dragon , and he wonder whether it have divine the presence of fresh water by the flash of reflect sunlight . low and lower the dragon fly , in great spiraling circle , hone in , it seem , upon one of the small lake . " I say we jump when it get low enough ! " Harry call back to the other . " straight into the water before it realize we be here ! " they agree , Hermione a little faintly , and now Harry could see the dragon 's wide yellow underbelly ripple in the surface of the water . " now ! " he slither over the side of the dragon and plummet feetfirst toward the surface of the lake ; the drop be great than he have estimate and he hit the water hard , plunge like a stone into a freezing , green , reed-filled world . he kick toward the surface and emerge , pant , to see enormous ripple emanate in circle from the place where Ron and Hermione have fall . the dragon do not seem to have notice anything ; it be already fifty foot away , swoop low over the lake to scoop up water in its scar snout . as Ron and Hermione emerge , splutter and gasp , from the depth of the lake , the dragon fly on , its wing beat hard , and land at last on a distant bank . Harry , Ron and Hermione strike out for the opposite shore . the lake do not seem to be deep . soon it be more a question of fight their way through reed and mud than swimming , and at last they flop , sodden , pant , and exhaust , onto slippery grass . Hermione collapse , cough and shudder . though Harry could have happily lie down and sleep , he stagger to his foot , draw out his wand , and start cast the usual protective spell around them . when he have finish , he join the other . it be the first time that he have see them properly since escape from the vault . both have angry red burn all over their face and arm , and their clothing be singe away in place . they be wince as they dab essence of dittany onto their many injury . Hermione hand Harry the bottle , then pull out three bottle of pumpkin juice she have bring from Shell Cottage and clean , dry robe for all of them . they change and then gulp down the juice . " well , on the upside , " say Ron finally , who be sit watch the skin on his hand regrow , " we get the Horcrux . on the downside- " " -- no sword , " say Harry through grit tooth , as he drip dittany through the singe hole in his jean onto the angry burn beneath . " no sword , " repeat Ron . " that double-cross little scab ... " Harry pull the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket he have just take off and set it down on the grass in front of them . glint in the sun , it draw their eye as they swig their bottle of juice . " at least we ca n't wear it this time , that will look a bit weird hanging around our neck , " say Ron , wipe his mouth on the back of his hand . Hermione look across the lake to the far bank where the dragon be still drink . " what will happen to it , do you think ? " she ask , " will it be alright ? " " you sound like Hagrid , " say Ron , " it be a dragon , Hermione , it can look after itself . it be us we need to worry about . " " what do you mean ? " " well I do n't know how to break this to you , " say Ron , " but I think they might have notice we break into Gringotts . " all three of them start to laugh , and once start , it be difficult to stop . Harry 's rib ache , he feel lightheaded with hunger , but he lie back on the grass beneath the redden sky and laugh until his throat be raw . " what be we go to do , though ? " say Hermione finally , hiccup herself back to seriousness . " he will know , wo n't he ? You-Know-Who will know we know about his Horcruxes ! " " maybe they will be too scare to tell him ! " say Ron hopefully , " maybe they will cover up -- " the sky , the smell of the lake water , the sound of Ron 's voice be extinguish . pain cleave Harry 's head like a sword stroke . he be stand in a dimly light room , and a semicircle of wizard face him , and on the floor at his foot kneel a small , quak figure . " what do you say to me ? " his voice be high and cold , but fury and fear burn inside him . the one thing that he have dread - but it could not be true , he could not see how ... the goblin be tremble , unable to meet the red eye high above his . " say it again ! " murmur Voldemort . " say it again ! " " M-my Lord , " stammer the goblin , its black eye wide with terror , " m-my Lord ... we t-tried to st-stop them ... Im-impostors , my Lord ... break - break into the - into the Lestranges ' vault ... " " impostor ? what impostor ? I think Gringotts have way of revealing impostor ? who be they ? " it be ... it be ... the P-Potter b-boy and the t-two accomplice ... " " and they take ? " he say , his voice rise , a terrible fear grip him , " tell me ! what do they take ? " " a ... a s-small golden c-cup m-my Lord ... " the scream of rage , of denial leave him as if it be a stranger 's . he be crazed , frenzied , it could not be true , it be impossible , nobody have know . how be it possible that the boy could have discover his secret ? the Elder Wand slash through the air and green light erupt through the room ; the kneel goblin roll over dead ; the watch wizard scatter before him , terrify . Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy throw other behind them in their race for the door , and again and again his wand fall , and those who be leave be slay , all of them , for bring him this news , for hearing about the golden cup - Alone amongst the dead he stomp up and down , and they pass before him in vision : his treasure , his safeguard , his anchor to immortality - the diary be destroy and the cup be steal . what if , what if , the boy know about the other ? could he know , have he already act , have he trace more of them ? be Dumbledore at the root of this ? Dumbledore , who have always suspect him ; Dumbledore , dead on his order ; Dumbledore , whose wand be his now , yet who reach out from the ignominy of death through the boy , the boy - but surely if the boy have destroy any of his Horcruxes , he , Lord Voldemort , would have know , would have feel it ? he , the great wizard of them all ; he , the most powerful ; he , the killer of Dumbledore and of how many other worthless , nameless man . how could Lord Voldemort not have know , if he , himself , most important and precious , have be attack , mutilate ? true , he have not feel it when the diary have be destroy , but he have think that be because he have no body to fell , be less than ghost ... no , surely , the rest be safe ... the other Horcruxes must be intact ... but he must know , he must be sure ... he pace the room , kick aside the goblin 's corpse as he pass , and the picture blur and burn in his boiling brain : the lake , the shack , and Hogwarts - a modicum of calm cool his rage now . how could the boy know that he have hide the ring in the Gaunt shack ? no one have ever know him to be relate to the Gaunts , he have hide the connection , the killing have never be trace to him . the ring , surely , be safe . and how could the boy , or anybody else , know about the cave or penetrate its protection ? the idea of the locket be steal be absurd ... as for the school : he alone know where in Hogwarts he have stow the Horcrux , because he alone have plume the deep secret of that place ... and there be still Nagini , who must remain close now , no longer send to do his bidding , under his protection ... but to be sure , to be utterly sure , he must return to each of his hiding place , he must redouble protection around each of his Horcruxes ... a job , like the quest for the Elder Wand , that he must undertake alone ... which should he visit first , which be in most danger ? an old unease flicker inside him . Dumbledore have know his middle name ... Dumbledore might have make the connection with the Gaunts ... their abandoned home be , perhaps , the least secure of his hiding place , it be there that he would go first ... the lake , surely impossible ... though be there a slight possibility that Dumbledore might have know some of his past misdeed , through the orphanage . and Hogwarts ... but he know the his Horcrux there be safe ; it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detection , let alone the school . nevertheless , it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to reenter the castle . ... to tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish , of course ; it have be a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy . do n't their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it be ever to trust ? he would visit the Gaunt shack first , then , and take Nagini with him . he would not be part from the snake anymore ... and he stride from the room , through the hall , and out into the dark garden where the fountain play ; he call the snake in Parseltongue and it slither out to join him like a long shadow . ... Harry 's eye fly open as he wrench himself back to the present . he be lie on the bank of the lake in the set sun , and Ron and Hermione be look down at him . judge by their worried look , and by the continued pound of his scar , his sudden excursion into Voldemort 's mind have not pass unnoticed . he struggle up , shiver , vaguely surprise that he be still wet to his skin , and see the cup lie innocently in the grass before him , and the lake , deep blue shot with gold in the fall sun . " he know . " his own voice sound strange and low after Voldemort 's high scream . " he know and he be go to check where the other be , and the last one , " he be already on his foot , " be at Hogwarts . I know it . I know it . " " what ? " Ron be gape at him ; Hermione sit up , look worry . " but what do you see ? how do you know ? " " I see him find out about the cup , I - I be in his head , he 's " - Harry remember the killing - " he be seriously angry , and scared too , he ca n't understand how we know , and now he be go to check the other be safe , the ring first . he thing the Hogwarts one be safe , because Snape 's there , because it will be so hard not to be see get in . I think he will check that one last , but he could still be there within hour - " " do you see where in Hogwarts it be ? " ask Ron , now scramble to his foot too . " no , he be concentrate on warn Snape , he do n't think about exactly where it be - " " wait , wait ! " cry Hermione as Ron catch up to the Horcrux and Harry pull out the Invisibility Cloak again . " we ca n't just go , we have n't get a plan , we need to - " " we need to get go , " say Harry firmly . he have be hope to sleep , look forward to get into the new tent , but that be impossible now , " can you imagine what he be go to do once he realize the ring and the locket be go ? what if he move the Hogwarts Horcrux , decide it be n't safe enough ? " but how be we go to get in ? " " we will go to Hogsmeade , " say Harry , " and try to work something out once we see what the protection around the school be like . get under the Cloak , Hermione , I want to stick together this time . " " but we do n't really fit - " " it will be dark , no one be go to notice our foot . " the flap of enormous wing echo across the black water . the dragon have drink its fill and rise into the air . they pause in their preparation to watch it climb high and high , now black against the rapidly darken sky , until it vanish over a nearby mountain . then Hermione walk forward and take her place between the other two , Harry pull the Cloak down as far as it would go , and together they turn on the spot into the crush darkness . Chapter Twenty-Eight the Missing Mirror Harry 's foot touch the road . he see the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street : dark shop front , and the mist line of black mountain beyond the village and the curve in the road ahead that lead off toward Hogwarts , and light spill from the window of the three Broomsticks , and with a lurch of the hear , he remember with piercing accuracy , how he have land here nearly a year before , support a desperately weak Dumbledore , all this in a second , upon landing -- and then , even as he relax his grip upon Ron 's and Hermione 's arm , it happen . the air be rend by a scream that sound like Voldemort be when he have realize the cup have be steal : it tear at every nerve in Harry 's body , and he know that their appearance have cause it . even as he look at the other two beneath the Cloak , the door of the three Broomsticks burst open and a dozen cloak and hood death eater dash into the street , their wand aloft . Harry seize Ron 's wrist as he raise his wand ; there be too many of them to run . even attempt it would have give away their position . one of the Death Eaters raise his wand , and the scream stop , still echo around the distant mountain . " Accio Cloak ! " roar one of the Death Eaters Harry seize his fold , but it make no attempt to escape . the Summoning Charm have not work on it . " not under your wrapper , then , Potter ? " yell the Death Eater who have try the charm and then to his fellow . " spread now . he be here . " six of the Death Eaters run toward them : Harry , Ron and Hermione back as quickly as possible down the near side street , and the Death Eaters miss them by inch . they wait in the darkness , listen to the footstep run up and down , beam of light fly along the street from the Death Eaters ' search wand . " Let 's just leave ! " Hermione whisper . " Disapparate now ! " " great idea , " say Ron , but before Harry could reply , a Death Eater shout , " we know you be here , Potter , and there be no get away ! we will find you ! " " they be ready for us , " whisper Harry . " they set up that spell to tell them we will come . I reckon they have do something to keep us here , trap us - " " what about dementors ? " call another Death Eater . " let them have free rein , they will find him quick enough ! " " the Dark Lord want Potter dead by no hand but his - " " ' an dementors wo n't kill him ! the Dark Lord want Potter 's life , nor his soul . he will be easy to kill if he have be kiss first ! " there be noise of agreement . dread fill Harry : to repel dementors they would have to produce Patronuses which would give them away immediately . " we be go to have to try to Disapparate , Harry ! " Hermione whisper . even as she say it , he feel the unnatural cold be spread over the street . light be suck from the environment right up to the star , which vanish . in the pitch blackness , he feel Hermione take hold of his arm and together , they turn on the spot . the air through which they need to move , seem to have become solid : they could not Disapparate ; the Death Eaters have cast their charm well . the cold be bite deep and deep into Harry 's flesh . he , Ron and Hermione retreat down the side street , grope their way along the wall try not to make a sound . then , around the corner , glide noiselessly , come dementors , ten or more of them , visible because they be of a dense darkness than their surroundings , with their black cloak and their scab and rot hand . could they sense fear in the vicinity ? Harry be sure of it : they seem to be come more quickly now , take those drag , rattle breath he detest , taste despair in the air , close in - he raise his wand : he could not , would not suffer the Dementor 's Kiss , whatever happen afterward . it be of Ron and Hermione that he think as he whisper " Expecto Patronum ! " the silver stag burst from his wand and charge : the Dementors scattered and there be a triumphant yell from somewhere out of sight " it be him , down there , down there , I see his Patronus , it be a stag ! " the Dementors have retreat , the star be pop out again and the footstep of the Death Eaters be become louder ; but before Harry in his panic could decide what to do , there be a grind of bolt nearby , a door open on the left-side of the narrow street , and a rough voice say : " Potter , in here , quick ! " he obey without hesitation , the three of them hurry through the open doorway . " upstairs , keep the Cloak on , keep quiet ! " mutter a tall figure , pass them on his way into the street and slam the door behind him . Harry have have no idea where they be , but now he see , by the stuttering light of a single candle , the grubby , sawdust bar of the Hog 's Head Inn . they run behind the counter and through a second doorway , which lead to a trickery wooden staircase , that they climb as fast as they could . the stair open into a sit room with a durable carpet and a small fireplace , above which hang a single large oil painting of a blonde girl who gaze out at the room with a kind of a vacant sweetness . shout reach from the street below . still wear the Invisibility Cloak on , they hurry toward the grimy window and look down . their savior , whom Harry now recognize as the Hog 's Head 's barman , be the only person not wear a hood . " so what ? " he be bellow into one of the hooded face . " so what ? you send dementors down my street , I will send a Patronus back at them ! I be not have them near me , I have tell you that . I be not have it ! " " that be n't your Patronus , " say a Death Eater . " that be a stag . it be Potter 's ! " " Stag ! " roar the barman , and he pull out a wand . " Stag ! you idiot - Expecto Patronum ! " something huge and horned erupt from the wand . head down , it charge toward the High Street , and out of sight . " that be not what I see " say the Death Eater , though be less certainly " Curfew have be break , you hear the noise , " one of his companion tell the barman . " someone be out on the street against regulation - " " if I want to put my cat out , I will , and be damn to your curfew ! " " you set off the Caterwauling Charm ? " " what if I do ? go to cart me off to Azkaban ? kill me for stick my nose out my own front door ? do it , then , if you want to ! but I hope for your sake you have n't press your little dark mark , and summon him . he be not go to like be call here , for me and my old cat , be he , now ? " " do n't worry about us . " say one of the Death Eaters , " worry about yourself , break curfew ! " " and where will you lot traffic potion and poison when my pub be close down ? what will happen to your little sideline then ? " " be you threaten - ? " " I keep my mouth shut , it be why you come here , be n't it ? " " I still say I see a stag Patronus ! " shout the first Death Eater . " Stag ? " roar the barman . " it be a goat , idiot ! " " all right , we make a mistake , " say the second Death Eater . " break curfew again and we wo n't be so lenient ! " the Death Eaters stride back towards the High Street . Hermione moan with relief , weave out from under the Cloak , and sit down on a wobble-legged chair . Harry draw the curtain then pull the Cloak off himself and Ron . they could hear the barman down below , rebolting the door of the bar , then climb the stair . Harry 's attention be catch by something on the mantelpiece : a small , rectangular mirror , prop on top of it , right beneath the portrait of the girl . the barman enter the room . " you bloody fool , " he say gruffly , look from one to the other of them . " what be you thinking , come here ? " " thank you , " say Harry . " you ca n't thank you enough . you save our life ! " the barman grunt . Harry approach him look up into the face : try to see past the long , stringy , wire-gray hair beard . he wear spectacle . behind the dirty lens , the eye be a piercing , brilliant blue . " it be your eye I have be see in the mirror . " there be a silence in the room . Harry and the barman look at each other . " you send Dobby . " the barman nod and look around for the elf . " think he will be with you . where have you leave him ? " he be dead , " say Harry , " Bellatrix Lestrange kill him . " the barman face be impassive . after a few moment he say , " I be sorry to hear it , I like that elf . " he turn away , lightning lamp with prod of his wand , not look at any of them . " you be Aberforth , " say Harry to the man 's back . he neither confirm or deny it , but bend to light the fire . " how do you get this ? " Harry ask , walk across to Sirius 's mirror , the twin of the one he have break nearly two year before . " buy it from Dung ' bout a year ago , " say Aberforth . " Albus tell me what it be . be try to keep an eye out for you . " Ron gasp . " the silver doe , " he say excitedly , " be that you too ? " " what be you talk about ? " ask Aberforth . " someone send a doe Patronus to us ! " " brain like that , you could be a Death Eater , son . have n't I just prove my Patronus be a goat ? " " oh , " say Ron , " Yeah ... well , I be hungry ! " he add defensively as his stomach give an enormous rumble . " I get food , " say Aberforth , and he slope out of the room , reappear moment later with a large loaf of bread , some cheese , and a pewter jug of mead , which he set upon a small table in front of the fire . ravenous , they eat and drink , and for a while there be sound of chew . " right then , " say Aberforth when the have eat their fill and Harry and Ron sit slump dozily in their chair . " we need to think of the good way to get you out of here . can n't be do by night , you hear what happen if anyone move outdoors during darkness : caterwaul Charm 's set off , they will be onto you like bowtruckles on doxy egg . I do n't reckon I will be able to pass of a stag as a goat a second time . wait for daybreak when curfew lift , then you can put your Cloak back on and set out on foot . get right out of Hogsmeade , up into the mountain , and you will be able to Disapparate there . might see Hagrid . he have be hide in a cave up there with Grawp ever since they try to arrest him . " " we be not leave , " say Harry . " we need to get into Hogwarts . " " do n't be stupid , boy , " say Aberforth . " we have get to , " say Harry . " what you have get to do , " say Aberforth , lean forward , " be to get as far from here as from here as you can . " " you do n't understand . there be n't much time . we have get to get into the castle . Dumbledore - I mean , your brother - want us - " the firelight make the grimy lens of Aberforth 's glass momentarily opaque , a bright flat white , and Harry remember the blind eye of the giant spider , Aragog . " my brother Albus want a lot of thing , " say Aberforth , " and people have a habit of get hurt while he be carry out his grand plan . you get away from this school , Potter , and out of the country if you can . forget my brother and his clever scheme . he be go where none of this can hurt him , and you do n't owe him anything . " " you do n't understand . " say Harry again . " oh , do n't I ? say Aberforth quietly . " you do n't think I understand my own brother ? think you know Albus good than I do ? " " I do n't mean that , " say Harry , whose brain feel sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food and wine . " it be ... he leave me a job . " " do he now ? " say Aberforth . " nice job , I hope ? pleasant ? easy ? sort of thing you will expect an unqualified wizard kid to be able to do without overstretching themselves ? " Ron give a rather grim laugh . Hermione be look strain . " I-it 's not easy , no , " say Harry . " but I have get to - " " get to ? why get to ? he be dead , be n't he ? " say Aberforth roughly . " let it go , boy , before you follow him ! save yourself ! " " I ca n't . " " why not ? " " I - " Harry feel overwhelm ; he could not explain , so he take the offensive instead . " but you be fight too , you be in the order of the Phoenix - " " I be , " say Aberforth . " the order of the Phoenix be finish . You-Know-Who 's won , it be over , and anyone who be pretend different be kid themselves . it will never be safe for you here , Potter , he want you too badly . so go abroad , go into hide , save yourself . good take these two with you . " he jerk a thumb at Ron and Hermione . " they will be in danger long as they live now everyone know they have be work with you . " " I ca n't leave , " say Harry . " I have get a job - " " give it to someone else ! " " I ca n't . it be get to be me , Dumbledore explain it all - " " oh , do he now ? and do he tell you everything , be he honest with you ? " Harry want him with all his heart to say " Yes , " but somehow the simple word would not rise to his lip , Aberforth seem to know what he be think . " I know my brother , Potter . he learn secrecy at our mother 's knee . secret and lie , that be how we grow up , and Albus ... he be a natural . " the old man 's eye travel to the painting of the girl over the mantelpiece . it be , now Harry look around properly , the only picture in the room . there be no photograph of Albus Dumbledore , nor of anyone else . " Mr. Dumbledore " say Hermione rather timidly . " be that your sister ? Ariana ? " yes . " say Aberforth tersely . " be read Rita Skeeter , have you , missy ? " even by the rosy light of the fire it be clear that Hermione have turn red . " Elphias Doge mention her to us , " say Harry , try to spare Hermione . " that old berk , " mutter Aberforth , take another swig of mead . " think the sun shine out of my brother be every office , he do . well , so do plenty of people , you three include , by the look of it . " Harry keep quiet . he do not want to express the doubt and uncertainty about Dumbledore that have riddle him for month now . he have make his choice while he dig Dobby 's grave , he have decide to continue along the winding , dangerous path indicate for him by Albus Dumbledore , to accept that he have not be tell everything that he want to know , but simply to trust . he have no desire to doubt again ; he do not want o hear anything that would deflect him from his purpose . he meet Aberforth 's gaze , which be so strikingly like his brother ' : the bright blue eye give the same impression that they be X-ray the object of their scrutiny , and Harry think that Aberforth know what he be think and despise him for it . " Professor Dumbledore care about Harry , very much , " say Hermione in a low voice . " do he now ? " say Aberforth . " funny thing how many of the people my brother care about very much end up in a bad state than if he have leave ' em well alone . " " what do you mean ? " ask Hermione breathlessly . " never you mind , " say Aberforth . " but that be a really serious thing to say ! " say Hermione . " be you - be you talk about your sister ? " Aberforth glare at her : his lip move as if he be chew the word he be hold back . then he burst into speech . " when my sister be six year old , she be attack , by three Muggle boy . they have see her do magic , spy through the back garden hedge : she be a kid , she could n't control it , no witch or wizard can at that age . what they see , scare them , I expect . they force their way through the hedge , and when she could n't show them the trick , they get a bit carry away try to stop the little freak do it . " Hermione 's eye be huge in the firelight ; Ron look slightly sick . Aberforth stand up , tall as Albus , and suddenly terrible in his anger and the intensity of his pain . " it destroy her , what they do : she be never right again . she would n't use magic , but she could n't get rid of it ; it turn inward and drive her mad , it explode out of her when she could n't control it , and at time she be strange and dangerous . but mostly she be sweet and scared and harmless . " and my father go after the bastard that do it , " say Aberforth , " and attack them . and they lock him up in Azkaban for it . he never say why he have do it , because the Ministry have know what Ariana have become , she will have be lock up in St. Mungo 's for good . they will have see her as a serious threat to the International Statute of Secrecy , unbalance like she be , with magic explode out of her at moment when she could n't keep it in any longer . " we have to keep her safe and quiet . we move house , put it about she be ill , and my mother look after her , and try to keep her calm and happy . " I be her favourite , " he say , and as he say it , a grubby schoolboy seem to look out through Aberforth 's wrinkle and wrangle beard . " not Albus , he be always up in his bedroom when he be home , read his book and count his prise , keep up with his correspondence with " the most notable magical name of the day , " Aberforth succor . " he do n't want to be bother with her . she like me well . I could get her to eat when she would n't do it for my mother , I could calm her down , when she be in one of her rage , and when she be quiet , she use to help me feed the goat . " then , when she be fourteen ... see , I be n't there . " say Aberforth . " if I have be there , I could have calm her down . she have one of her rage , and my mother be n't as young as she be , and . . . it be an accident . Ariana could n't control it . but my mother be kill . " Harry feel a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion ; he do not want to hear any more , but Aberforth keep talk , and Harry wonder how long it have be since he have speak about this ; whether , in fact , he have ever speak about it . " so that put pay to Albus 's trip around the world with little Doge . the pair of ' em come home for my mother 's funeral and then Doge go off on his own , and Albus settle down as head of the family . Ha ! " Aberforth spit into the fire . " I will have look after her , I tell him so , I do n't care about school , I will have stay home and do it . he tell me I have to finish my education and he will take over from my mother . bit of a comedown for Mr. Brilliant , there be no prise for look after your half-mad sister , stop her blow up the house every other day . but he do all right for a few week . . . till he come . " and now a positively dangerous look creep over Aberforth 's face . " Grindelwald . and at last , my brother have an equal to talk to someone just as bright and talented he be . and look after Ariana take a backseat then , while they be hatch all their plan for a new Wizarding order and look for Hallows , and whatever else it be they be so interested in . grand plan for the benefit of all Wizardkind , and if one young girl neglect , what do that matter , when Albus be work for the great good ? " but after a few week of it , I have have enough , I have . it be nearly time for me to go hack to Hogwarts , so I tell ' em , both of ' em , face-to-face , like I be to you , now , " and Aberforth look downward Harry , and it take a little imagination to see him as a teenager , wiry and angry , confront his elder brother . " I tell him , you will well give it up now . you ca n't move her , she be in no fit state , you ca n't take her with you , wherever it be you be plan to go , when you be make your clever speech , try to whip yourselves up a following . he do n't like that . " say Aberforth , and his eye be briefly occlude by the fireflight on the lens of his glass : they turn white and blind again . " Grindelwald do n't like that at all . he get angry . he tell me what a stupid little boy I be , try to stand in the way of him and my brilliant brother . . . do n't I understand , my poor sister would n't have to be hide once they have change the world , and lead the wizard out of hiding , and teach the Muggles their place ? " and there be an argument . . . and I pull my wand , and he pull out his , and I have the Cruciatus Curse use on me by my brother 's good friend - and Albus be try to stop him , and then all three of us be duel , and the flash light and the bang set her off , she could n't stand it - " the color be drain from Aberforth 's face as though he have suffer a mortal wound . " - and I think she want to help , but she do n't really know what she be do , and I do n't know which of us do it , it could have be any of us - and she be dead . " his voice break on the last word and he drop down into the near chair . Hermione 's face be wet with tear , and Ron be almost as pale as Aberforth . Harry feel nothing but revulsion : he wish he have not hear it , wish he could wash be mind clean of it . " I be so . . . I be so sorry , " Hermione whisper . " go , " croak Aberforth . " go forever . " he wipe his nose on hiss cuff and clear his throat . " ' Course , Grindelwald scarper . he have a bit of a track record already , back in his own country , and he do n't want Ariana set to his account too . and Albus be free , be n't he ? free of the burden of his sister , free to become the great wizard of the - " " he be never free , " say Harry . " I beg your pardon ? " say Aberforth . " never , " say Harry . " the night that your brother die , he drink a potion that drive him out of his mind . he start scream , plead with someone who be n't there . ' do n't hurt them , please . . . hurt me instead . ' " Ron and Hermione be stare at Harry . he have never go into detail about what have happen on the island on the lake : the event that have take place after he and Dumbledore have return to Hogwarts have eclipse it so thoroughly . " he think he be back there with you and Grindelwald , I know he do , " say Harry , remember Dumbledore whispering , plead . " he think he be watch Grindelwald hurt you and Ariana . . . it be torture to him , if you have see him then , you would n't say he be free . " Aberforth seem lose in contemplation of his own knot and vein hand . after a long pause he say . " how can you be sure , Potter , that my brother be n't more interested in the great good than in you ? how can you be sure you be n't dispensable , just like my little sister ? " a shard of ice seem to pierce Harry 's heart . " I do n't believe it . Dumbledore love Harry , " say Hermione . " why do n't he tell him to hide , then ? shot back Aberforth . " why do n't he say to him , ' take care of yourself , here be how to survive ' ? " " because , " say Harry before Hermione could answer , " sometimes you have get to think about more than your own safety ! sometimes you have get to think about the great good ! this be war ! " " you be seventeen , boy ! " " I be of age , and I be go to keep fight even if you have give up ! " " who say I have give up ? " " the order of the Phoenix be finish , " Harry repeat , " You-Know-Who 's won , it be over , and anyone who be pretend different be kid themselves . " " I do n't say I like it , but it be the truth ! " " no , it be n't . " say Harry . " your brother know how to finish You-Know-Who and he pass the knowledge on to me . I be go to keep go until I succeed - or I die . do n't think I do n't know how this might end . I have know it for year . " he wait for Aberforth to jeer or to argue , but he do not . he merely move . " we need to get into Hogwarts , " say Harry again . " if you ca n't help us , we will wait till daybreak , leave you in peace , and try to find a way in ourselves . if you can help us - well , now would be a great time to mention it . " Aberforth remain fix in his chair , gaze at Harry with the eye , that be so extraordinarily like his brother 's . at last he clear his throat , get to his foot , walk around the little table , and approach the portrait of Ariana . " you know what to do , " he say . she smile , turn , and walk away , not as people in portrait usually do , one of the side of their frame , but along what seem to be a long tunnel paint behind her . they watch her slight figure retreat until finally she be swallow by the darkness . " er - what - ? " begin Ron . " there be only one way in now , " say Aberforth . " you must know they have get all the old secret passageway cover at both end , dementors all around the boundary wall , regular patrol inside the school from what my source tell me . the place have never be so heavily guard . how you expect to do anything once you get inside it , with Snape in charge and the Carrows as his deputy . . . well , that be your lookout , be n't it ? you say you be prepare to die . " " but what . . . ? " say Hermione , frown at Ariana 's picture . a tiny white dot reappear at the end of the painted tunnel , and now Ariana be walk back toward them , grow big and big as she come . but there be somebody else with her now , someone tall than she be , who be limp along , look excite . his hair be long than Harry have ever see . he appear and tear . large and large the two figure grow , until only their head and shoulder fill the portrait . then the whole thing swang forward on the wall like a little door , and the entrance to a real tunnel be reveal . and our of it , his hair overgrow , his face cut , his robe rip , clamber the real Neville Longbottom , who give a roar of delight , leap down from the mantelpiece and yell . " I know you will come ! I know it , Harry ! " Chapter Twenty-Nine the Lost Diadem " Neville -- what the -- how -- ? " but Neville have spot Ron and Hermione , and with yell of delight be hug them too . the long Harry look at Neville , the bad he appear : one of his eye be swell yellow and purple , there be gouge mark on his face , and his general air of unkemptness suggest that he have be live enough . nevertheless , his battered visage shine with happiness as he let go of Hermione and say again , " I know you will come ! keep telling Seamus it be a matter of time ! " " Neville , what be happen to you ? " " what ? this ? " Neville dismiss his injury with a shake of the head . " this be nothing , Seamus be bad . you will see . shall we get go then ? oh , " he turn to Aberforth , " Ab , there might be a couple more people no the way . " " couple more ? " repeat Aberforth ominously . " what d'you mean , a couple more , Longbottom ? there be a curfew and a Camwaulding Charm on the whole village ! " " I know , that be why they will be Apparating directly into the bar , " say Neville . " just send them down the passage when they get here , will you ? thanks a lot . " Neville hold out his hand to Hermione and help her to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel ; Ron follow , then Neville . Harry address Aberforth . " I do n't know how to thank you . you have save our life twice . " " look after ' em , then , " say Aberforth gruffly . " I might not be able to save ' em a third time . " Harry chamber up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana 's portrait . there be smooth stone step on the other side : it look as though the passageway have be there for year . brass lamp hang from the wall and the earthy floor be worn and smooth ; as they walk , their shadow ripple , fanlike , across the wall . " how long be this be here ? " Ron ask as they set off . " it be n't on the Marauder 's Map , be it Harry ? I think there be only seven passage in and out of school ? " " they seal off all of those before the start of the year , " say Neville . " there be no chance of get through any of them now , not with the curse over the entrance and death eater and dementors wait at the exit . " he start walk backward , beaming , drink them in . " never mind that stuff … be it true ? do you break into Gringotts ? do you escape on a dragon ? it be everywhere , everyone be talk about it , Terry Boot get beat up by Carrow for yell about it in the Great Hall at dinner ! " " yeah , it be true , " say Harry . Neville laugh gleefully . " what do you do with the dragon ? " " release it into the wild , " say Ron . " Hermione be all for keep it as a pet " " do n't exaggerate , Ron - " " but what have you be do ? people have be say you have just be on the run , Harry , but I do n't think so . I think you have be up to something . " " you be right , " say Harry , " but tell us about Hogwarts , Neville , we have n't hear anything . " " it have be … . well , it be not really like Hogwarts anymore , " say Neville , the smile fading from his face as he speak . " do you know about the Carrows ? " " those two death eater who teach here ? " " they do more than teach , " say Neville . " they be in charge of all discipline . they like punishment , the Carrows . " " like Umbridge ? " " Nah , they make her look tame . the other teacher be all suppose to refer us to the Carrows if we do anything wrong . they do n't , though , if they can avoid it . you can tell they all hate them as much as we do . " " Amycus , the bloke , he teach what use to be defense against the Dark Arts , except now it be just the dark art . we be suppose to practice the Cruciatus Curse on people who have earn detention - " " what ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione 's unite voice echo up and down the passage . " yeah , " say Neville . " that be how I get this one , " he point at a particularly deep gash in his cheek , " I refuse to do it . some people be into it , though ; Crabbe and Goyle love it . first time they have ever be top in anything , I expect . " " Alecto , Amycus 's sister , teach Muggle Studies , which be compulsory for everyone . we have all get to listen to her explain how Muggles be like animal , stupid and dirty , and how they drive wizard into hiding by be vicious toward them , and how the natural order be be reestablish . I get this one , " he indicate another slash to his face , " for ask her how much Muggle blood she and her brother have get . " " Blimey , Neville , " say Ron , " there be a time and a place for get a smart mouth . " " you do n't see her , " say Neville . " you would n't have stand it either . the thing be , it help when people stand up to them , it give everyone hope . I use to notice that when you do it , Harry . " " but they have use you as a knife sharpener , " say Ron , wind slightly as they pass a lamp and Neville 's injury be throw into even great relief . Neville shrug . " do n't matter . they do n't want to spill too much pure blood , so they will torture us a bit if we be mouthy but they wo n't actually kill us . " Harry do not know what be bad , the thing that Neville be say or the matter-of-fact tone in which he say them . " the only people in real danger be the one whose friend and relative on the outside be give trouble . they get take hostage . Old Xeno Lovegood be get a bit too outspoken in the Quibbler , so they drag Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas . " " Neville , she be all right , we have see her - " " Yeah , I know , she manage to get a message to me . " from his pocket he pull a golden coin , and Harry recognize it as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledore 's Army have use to send one another message . " these have be great , " say Neville , beam at Hermione . " the Carrows never rumble how we be communicate , it drive them mad . we use to sneak out at night and put graffito on the wall : Dumbledore 's Army , still Recruiting , stuff like that . Snape hate it . " " you use to ? " say Harry , who have notice the past tense . " well , it get more difficult as time go one , " say Neville . " we lose Luna at Christmas , and Ginny never come back after Easter , and the three of us be sort of the leader . the Carrows seem to know I be behind a lot of it , so they start come down on me hard , and then Michael Corner go and get catch release a first-year they have chain up , and they torture him pretty badly . that scare people off . " " no kid , " mutter Ron , as the passage begin to slope upward . " yeah , well , I could n't ask people to go through what Michael do , so we drop those kind of stunt . but we be still fight , do underground stuff , right up until a couple of week ago . that be when they decide there be only one way to stop me , I suppose , and they go for Gran . " " they ? " say Harry , Ron , and Hermione together . " yeah , " say Neville , pant a little now , because the passage be climb so steeply , " well , you can see their thinking . it have work really well , kidnapping kid to force their relative to behave . I s'pose it be only a matter of time before they do it the other way around . thing be , " he face them , and Harry be astonish to see that he be grin , " they bite off a bit more than they could chew with Gran . little old witch live alone , they probably think hey do n't need to send anyone particularly powerful . anyway , " Neville laugh , " Dawlish be still in St. Mungo 's and Gran 's on the run . she send me a letter , " he clap a hand to the breast pocket of his robe , " tell me she be proud of me , that I be my parent 's son , and to keep it up . " " cool , " say Ron . " yea , " say Neville happily . " only thing be , once they realize they have no hold over me , they decide Hogwarts could do without me after all . I do n't know whether they be plan to kill me or send me to Azkaban , either way , I know it be time to disappear . " " but , " say Ron , look thoroughly confuse , " be n't - be n't we head straight back for Hogwarts ? " " ' Course , " say Neville . " you will see . we be here . " they turn a corner and there ahead of them be the end of the passage . another short flight of step lead to a door just like the one hide behind Ariana 's portrait . Neville push it open and climb through . as Harry follow , he hear Neville call out for unseen people : " look who it be ! do n't I tell you ? " as Harry emerge into the room behind the passage , there be several scream and yell : " harry ! " " it be Potter , it be POTTER ! " " Ron ! " " Hermione ! " he have a confused impression of colored hanging , of lamp and many face . the next moment , he , Ron , and Hermione be engulf , hug , pound on the back , their hair ruffle , their hand shake , by what seem to be more than twenty people . they might have just win a Quidditch final . " okay , okay , calm down ! " Neville call , and as the crowd back away , Harry be able to take in their surroundings . he do not recognize the dorm at all . it be enormous , and look rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house , or perhaps a gigantic ship 's cabin . multicolored hammock be string from the ceiling and from the balcony that run around the dark wood-paneled and windowless wall , which be cover in bright tapestry hanging . Harry see the gold Gryffindor lion , emblazon on scarlet ; the black badger of Hufflepuff , set against yellow ; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw , on blue . the silver and green of Slytherin alone be absent . there be bulge bookcase , a few broomstick prop against the wall , and in the corner , a large wood-cased wireless . " where be we ? " " room of Requirement , of course ! " say Neville . " surpass itself , have n't it ? the Carrows be chase me , and I know I have just one chance for a hideout : I manage to get through the door and this be what I find ! well , it be n't exactly like this when I arrive , it be a load small , there be only one hammock and just Gryffindor hanging . but it be expand as more and more of the D.A. have arrive . " " and the Carrows ca n't get in ? " ask Harry , look around for the door . " no , " say Seamus Finnigan , whom Harry have not recognize until he speak : Seamus 's face be bruise and puffy . " it be a proper hideout , as long as one of us stay in here , they ca n't get at us , the door wo n't open . it be all down to Neville . he really get this room . you have get to ask for exactly what you need - like , " I do n't want any Carrow supporter to be able to get in ' - and it will do it for you ! you have just get to make sure you close the loophole . Neville be the man ! " " it be quite straightforward , really , " say Neville modestly . " I have be in here about a day and a half , and get really hungry , and wish I could get something to eat , and that be when the passage to Hog 's Head open up . I go through it and meet Aberforth . he have be provide us with food , because for some reason , that be the one thing the room do n't really do . " yeah , well , food be one of the five exception to Gamp 's Law of Elemental Transfiguration , " say Ron to general astonishment . " so we have be hide out here for nearly two week , " say Seamus , " and it just make more hammock every time we need room , and it even sprout a pretty good bathroom once girl start turn up - " " - and think they will quite like to wash , yes , " supply Lavender Brown , whom Harry have not notice until that point . now that he look around properly , he recognize many familiar face . both Patil twin be there , as be Terry Boot , Ernie Macmillan , Anthony Goldstein , and Michael Corner . " tell us what you have be up to , though , " say Ernie . " there have be so many rumor , we have be try to keep up with you on Potterwatch . " he point at the wireless . " you do n't break into Gringotts ? " " they do ! " say Neville . " and the dragon be true too ! " there be a smattering of applause and a few whoop ; Ron take a bow . " what be you after ? " ask Seamus eagerly . before any of them could parry the question with one of their own , Harry feel a terrible , scorch pain in the lightning scar . as he turn his back hastily on the curious and delighted face , the Room of Requirement vanish , and he be stand inside a ruin stone shack , and the rot floorboard be rip apart at his foot , a disinter golden box lie open and empty beside the hole , and Voldemort 's scream of fury vibrate inside his head . with an enormous effort he pull out of Voldemort 's mind again , back to where he stand , sway , in the Room of Requirement , sweat pour from his face and Ron hold him up . " be you all right , Harry ? " Neville be say . " what to sit down ? I expect you be tired , be n't -- ? " " no , " say Harry . he look at Ron and Hermione , try to tell them without word that Voldemort have just discover the loss of one of the other Horcruxes . time be run out fast : if Voldemort choose to visit Hogwarts next , they would miss their chance . " we need to get go , " he say , and their expression tell him that they understand . " what be we go to do , then , Harry ? " ask Seamus . " what be the plan ? " " plan ? " repeat Harry . he be exercise all his willpower to prevent himself succumb again to Voldemort 's rage : his scar be still burn . " well , there be something we - Ron , Hermione , and I - need to do , and then we will get out of here . " nobody be laugh or whoop anymore . Neville look confused . " what d'you mean , ' get out of here ' ? " " we have n't come back to stay , " say Harry , rub his scar , try to soothe the pain . " there be something important we need to do - " " what be it ? " " I - I ca n't tell you . " there be a ripple of mutter at this : Neville 's brow contract . " why ca n't you tell us ? it be something to do with fight You-Know-Who , right ? " " well , yeah - " " then we will help you . " the other member of Dumbledore 's army be nod , some enthusiastically , other solemnly . a couple of them rise from their chair to demonstrate their willingness for immediate action . " you do n't understand , " Harry seem to have say that a lot in the last few hour . " we - we ca n't tell you . we have get to do it - alone . " " why ? " ask Neville . " because … " in his desperation to start look for the missing Horcrux , or at least have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their search . Harry find it difficult to gather his thought . his scar be still searing . " Dumbledore leave the three of us a job , " he say carefully , " and we be n't suppose to tell - I mean , he want us to do it , just the three of us . " " we be his army , " say Neville . " Dumbledore 's Army . we be all in it together , we have be keep it go while you three have be off on your own - " " it have n't exactly be a picnic , mate , " say Ron . " I never say it have , but I do n't see why you ca n't trust us . everyone in this room have be fight and they have be drive in here because the Carrows be hunt them down . everyone in here have prove they be loyal to Dumbledore - loyal to you . " " look , " Harry begin , without know what he be go to say , but it do not matter . the tunnel door have just open behind him . " we get your message , Neville ! hello you three , I think you must be here ! " it be Luna and Dean . Seamus give a great roar of delight and run to hug his good friend . " hi , everyone ! " say Luna happily . " oh , it be great to be back ! " " Luna , " say Harry distractedly , " what be you do here ? how do you -- ? " " I send for her , " say Neville , hold up the fake Galleon . " I promise her and Ginny that if you turn up I will let them know . we all think that if you come back , it would mean revolution . that we be go to overthrow Snape and the Carrows . " " of course that be what it mean , " say Luna brightly . " be n't it , Harry ? we be go to fight them out of Hogwarts ? " " listen , " say Harry with a rise sense of panic , " I be sorry , but that be not what we come back for . there be something we have get to do , and then - " " you be go to leave us in this mess ? " demand Michael Cornet . " no ! " say Ron . " what we be do will benefit everyone in the end , it be all about try to get rid of You-Know-Who - " " then let us help ! " say Neville angrily . " we want to be a part of it ! " there be another noise behind them , and Harry turn . his heart seem to fall : Ginny be now climb through the hole in the wall , closely follow by Fred , George , and Lee Jordan . Ginny give Harry a radiant smile : he have forget , he have never fully appreciate , how beautiful she be , but he have never be less pleased to see her . " Aberforth be get a bit annoy , " say Fred , raise his hand in answer to several cry of greeting . " he want a kip , and his bar be turn into a railway station . " Harry 's mouth fall open . right behind Lee Jordan come Harry 's old girlfriend , Cho Chang . she smile at him . " I get the message , " she say , hold up her own fake Galleon and she walk over to sit beside Michael Corner . " so what be the plan , Harry ? " say George . " there be n't one , " say Harry , still disorient by the sudden appearance of all these people , unable to take everything in while his scar be still burn so fiercely . " just go to make it up as we go along , be we ? my favorite kind , " say Fred . " you have get to stop this ! " Harry tell Neville . " what do you call them all back for ? this be insane - " " we be fight , be n't we ? " say Dean , take out his fake Galleon . " the message say Harry be back , and we be go to fight ! I will have to get a wand , though - " " you have n't get a wand -- ? " begin Seamus . Ron turn suddenly to Harry . " why ca n't they help ? " " what ? " " they can help . " he drop his voice and say , so that none of them could hear but Hermione , who stand between them , " we do n't know where it be . we have get to find it fast . we do n't have to tell them it be a Horcrux . " Harry look from Ron to Hermione , who murmur , " I think Ron 's right . we do n't even know what we be look for , we need them . " and when Harry look unconvinced , " you do n't have to do everything alone , Harry . " Harry think fast , his scar still prickle , his head threaten to split again . Dumbledore have warn him against tell anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxes . secret and lie , that be how we grow up , and Albus … he be a natural … be he turn into Dumbledore , keep his secret clutch to his chest , afraid to trust ? but Dumbledore have trust Snape , and where have that lead ? to murder at the top of the high tower … " all right , " he say quietly to the other two . " okay , " he call to the room at large , and all noise cease : Fred and George , who have be crack joke for the benefit of those near , fall silent , and all of the look alert , excite . " there be something we need to find , " Harry say . " something - something that will help us overthrow You-Know-Who . it be here at Hogwarts , but we do n't know where . it might have belong to Ravenclaw . have anyone hear of an object like that ? have anyone come across something with her eagle on it , for instance ? " he look hopefully toward the little group of Ravenclaws , to Padma , Michael , Terry , and Cho , but it be Luna who answer , perch on the arm of Ginny 's chair . " well , there be her lost diadem . I tell you about it , remember , Harry ? the lose diadem of Ravenclaw ? daddy be try to duplicate it . " " yeah , but the lose diadem , " say Michael Corner , roll his eye , " be lose , Luna . that be sort of the point . " " when be it lose ? " ask Harry . " century ago , they say , " say Cho , and Harry 's heart sink . " Professor Flitwick say the diadem vanish with Ravenclaw herself . people have look , but , " she appeal to her fellow Ravenclaws . " nobody be ever find a trace of it , have them ? " they all shake their head . " sorry , but what a diadem ? " ask Ron . " it be a kind of crown , " say Terry Boot . " Ravenclaw 's be suppose to have magical property , enhance the wisdom of the wearer . " " yes , Daddy 's Wrackspurt siphon - " but Harry cut across Luna . " and none of you have ever see anything that look like it ? they all shake their head again . Harry look at Ron and Hermione and his own disappointment be mirror back at him . an object that have be lose this long , and apparently without trace , do not seem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hide in the castle … before he could formulate a new question , however , Cho speak again . " if you will like to see what the diadem be suppose to look like , I could take you up to our common room and show you , Harry . Ravenclaw be wear it in her statue . " Harry 's scar scorch again : for a moment the Room of Requirement swim before him , and he see instead the dark earth soar beneath him and feel the great snake wrap around his shoulder . Voldemort be fly again , whether to the underground lake or here , to the castle , he do not know : either way , there be hardly any time leave . " he be on the move , " he say quietly to Ron and Hermione . he glance at Cho and then back at them . " listen , I know it be not much of a lead , but I be go to go look at this statue , at least find out what the diadem look like . wait for me here and keep , you know - the other one - safe . " Cho have get to her foot , but Ginny say rather fiercely , " no , Luna will take Harry , wo n't you , Luna ? " " Oooh , yes , I will like to , " say Luna happily , as Cho sit down again , look disappoint . " how do we get out ? " Harry ask Neville . " over here . " " he lead Harry and Luna to a corner , where a small cupboard open onto a steep staircase . " it come out somewhere different every day , so they have never be able to find it , " he say . " only trouble be , we never know exactly where we be go to end up when we go out . be careful , Harry , they be always patrol the corridor at night . " " no problem , " say Harry . " see you in a bit . " he and Luna hurry up the staircase , which be long , light by torch , and turn corner in unexpected place . at last they reach what appear to be solid wall . " get under here , " Harry tell Luna , pull out the Invisibility Cloak and throw it over both of them . he give the wall a little push . it melt away at his touch and they slip outside . Harry glance back and see that it have reseal itself at once . they be stand in a dark corridor . Harry pull Luna back into the shadow , fumble in the pouch around his neck , and take out the Marauder 's Map . hold it close to his nose he search , and locate his and Luna 's dot at last . " we be up on the fifth floor , " he whisper , watch filch move away from them , a corridor ahead . " come on , this way . " they creep off . Harry have prowl the castle at night many time before , but never have his heart hammer that fast , never have so much depend on his safe passage through the place . through square of moonlight upon the floor , past suit of armor whose helmet creak at the sound of their soft footstep , around corner beyond which who know what lurk . Harry and Luna walk , check the Marauder 's map whenever light permit , twice pause to allow a ghost to pass without draw attention to themselves . he expect to encounter an obstacle at any moment ; his bad fear be Peeves , and he strain his ear with every step to hear the first , telltale sign of the poltergeist 's approach . " the way , Harry , " breathe Luna , pluck his sleeve and pull him toward a spiral staircase . they climb in tight , dizzying circle ; Harry have never be up here before . at last they reach a door . there be no handle and no keyhole : nothing but a plain expanse of age wood , and a bronze knocker in the shape an eagle . Luna reach out a pale hand , which look eerie float in midair , unconnected to arm or body . she knock once , and in the silence it sound to Harry like a cannon blast . at once the beak of the eagle open , but instead of a bird be call , a soft , musical voice say , " which come first , the phoenix or the flame ? " " hmm … what do you think , Harry ? " say Luna , look thoughtful . " what ? be n't there a password ? " " oh no , you have get to answer a question , " say Luna . " what if you get it wrong ? " " well , you have to wait for somebody who get it right , " say Luna . " that way you learn , you see ? " " yeah … trouble be , we ca n't really afford to wait for anyone else , Luna . " " no , I see what you mean , " say Luna seriously . " well then , I think the answer be that a circle have no beginning . " " well reasoned , " say the voice , and the door swing open . the desert Ravenclaw common room be a wide , circular room , airy than any Harry have ever see at Hogwarts . graceful arched window punctuate the wall , which be hang with blue-and-bronze silk . by day , the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surround mountain . the ceiling be dome and paint with star , which be echo in the midnight-blue carpet . there be table , chair , and bookcase , and in a niche opposite the door stand a tall statue of white marble . Harry recognize Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he have see at Luna 's house . the statue stand beside a door that lead , he guess , to dormitory above . he stride right up to the marble woman , and she seem to look back at him with a quizzical half smile on her face , beautiful yet slightly intimidating . a delicate-looking circlet have be reproduce in marble on top of her head . it be not unlike the tiara Fleur have wear at her wedding . there be tiny word etch into it . Harry step out from under the Cloak and climb up onto Ravenclaw 's plinth to read them . " ' Wit beyond measure be man 's great treasure . ' " " which make you pretty skint , witless , " say a cackle voice . Harry whirl around , slip off the plinth , and land on the floor . the slopingshouldered figure of Alecto Carrow be stand before him , and even as Harry raise his wand , she press a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake brand on her forearm . Chapter Thirty The Sacking of Severus Snape the moment her finger touch the Mark , Harry 's scar burn savagely , the starry room vanish from sight , and he be stand upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff , and the sea be wash around him and there be a triumph in his heart - they have the boy . a loud bang bring Harry back to where he stand . disorient , he raise his wand , but the witch before him be already fall forward ; she hit the ground so hard that the glass in the bookcase tinkle . " I have never stun anyone except in our D.A. lesson , " say Luna , sound mildly interested . " that be noisy than I though it would be . " and sure enough , the ceiling have begin to tremble Scurrying , echo footstep be grow loud from behind the door lead to the dormitory . Luna 's spell have wake Ravenclaws sleep above . " Luna , where be you ? I need to get under the Cloak ! " Luna 's foot appear out of nowhere , ; he hurry to her side and she let the Cloak fall back over them as the door open and a stream of Ravenclaws , all in their nightclothes , flood into the common room . there be gasp and cry of surprise as they see Alecto lie there unconscious . slowly they shuffle in around her , a savage beast that might wake at any moment and attack them . then one brave little first-year dart up to her and prod her backside with his big toe . " I think she might be dead ! " he shout with delight . " oh look , " whisper Luna happily , as the Ravenclaws crowd in around Alecto . " they be please ! " " yeah ... great ... " Harry close his eye , and as his scar throb he choose to sink again into Voldemort 's mind ... . he be move along the tunnel into the first cave ... . he have choose to make sure of the locker before come ... but that would not take him long ... . there be a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw freeze . from the other side , Harry hear the soft , musical voice that issue from the eagle door knocker : " where do Vanished object go ? " " I dunno , do I ? shut it ! " snarl an uncouth voice that Harry know be that of the Carrow brother , Amycus , " Alecto ? Alecto ? be you there ? have you get him ? open the door ! " the Ravenclaws be whisper amongst themselves , terrify . then without warning , there come a series of loud bang , as though somebody be fire a gun into the door . " ALECTO ! if he come , and we have n't get Potter -- d'you want to go the same way as the Malfoys ? answer ME ! " Amycus bellow , shake the door for all he be worth , but still it do not open . the Ravenclaws be all backing away , and some of the most frightened begin scamper back up the stair case to their bed . then , just as Harry be wonder whether he ought not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could do anything else , a second , most familiar voice ring out beyond the door . " may I ask what you be do , Professor Carrow ? " " Trying—to get -- through this damned -- door ! " shout Amycus . " go and get Flitwick ! get him to open it , now ! " " but be n't your sister in there " ask Professor McGonagall . " do n't Professor Flitwick let her in earlier this evening , at your urgent request ? perhaps she could open the door for you ? then you need n't wake up half the castle . " " she ai n't answer , you old besom ! you open it ! Garn ! do it , now ! " " certainly , if you wish it , " say Professor McGonagall , with awful coldness , there be a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice ask again . " where do Vanished object go ? " " into non being , which be to say , everything , " reply Professor McGonagall . " nicely phrase , " reply the eagle door knocker , and the door swing open . the few Ravenclaws who have remain behind sprint for the stair as Amycus burst over the threshold , brandish his wand . hunch like his sister , he have a pallid , doughy face and tiny eye , which fall at once on Alecto , sprawl motionless on the floor . he let out a yell of fury and fear . " what have they do , the little whelp ? " he scream . " I will Cruciate the lot of ' em till they tell me who do it---and what be the dark Lord go to say ? " he shriek , stand over his sister and smack himself on the forehead with his fist , " we have n't get him , and they have go and kill her ! " " she be only stun , " say Professor McGonagall impatiently , who have stoop down to examine Alecto . " she will be perfectly all right . " " no she bludgering well wo n't ! " bellow Amycus . " not after the Dark Lord get hold of her ! she be go and send for him , I feel me Mark burn , and he think we have get Potter ! " " ' get Potter ' ? " say Professor McGonagall sharply , " what do you mean , ' get Potter ' ? " " he tell us Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower , and to send for him if we catch him ! " " why would Harry Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw Tower ! Potter belong in my house ! " beneath the disbelief and anger , Harry hear a little strain of pride in her voice and affection for Minerva McGonagall gush up inside him . " we be tell he might come in here ! " say Carrow . " I dunno why , do I ? " Professor McGonagall stand up and her beady eye sweep the room . twice they pass right over the place where Harry and Luna stand . " we can push it off on the kid , " say Amycus , his pig like face suddenly crafty . " yeah , that be what we will do . we will say Alecto be ambush by the kid , them kid up there " -- he look up at the starry ceiling toward the dormitory -- " and we will say they force her to pres her Mark , and that be why he get a false alarm ... . he can punish them . couple of kid more or less , what be the difference ? " " only the difference between truth and lie , courage and cowardice , " say Professor McGonagall , who have turn pale , " a difference , in short , which you and your sister seem unable to appreciate . but let me make one thing very clear . you be not go to pass off y9our many ineptitude on the student of Hogwarts . I shall not permit it . " " excuse me ? " Amycus move forward until he be offensively close to Professor McGonagall , his face within inch of hers . she refuse to back away , but look down at him as if he be something disgust she have find stick to the lavatory seat . " it be not a case of what you will permit , Minerva McGonagall . your time be over . it be us what be in charge here now , and you will back me up or you will pay the price . " and he spit in her face . Harry pull the Cloak off himself , raise his wand , and say , " you should n't have do that . " as Amycus spin around , Harry shout , " Crucio ! " the Death Eater be lift off his foot . he writhe through the air like a drown man , thrash and howl in pain , and then , with a crunch and a shatter of glass , he smash into the front of a bookcase and crumpled , insensible , to the floor . " I see what Bellatrix mean , " say Harry , the blood thunder through his brain , " you need to really mean it . " " Potter ! " whisper Professor McGonagall , clutch her heart . " Potter- -- you be here ! What- -- ? How- -- ? " she struggle to pull herself together . " Potter , that be foolish ! " " he spit at you , " say Harry . " Potter , I -- - that be very -- - gallant of you -- - but do n't you realize -- ? " " yeah , I do , " Harry assure her . somehow her panic steady him . " Professor McGonagall , Voldemort 's on the way . " " oh , be we allow to say the name now ? " ask Luna with an air of interest , pull off the Invisibility Cloak . the appearance of a second outlaw seem to overwhelm Professor McGonagall , who stagger backward and fall into a nearby chair , clutch at the neck of her old tartan dress gown . " I do n't think it make any difference what we call him , " Harry tell Luna . " he already know where I be . " in a distant part of Harry 's brain , that part connect to the angry , burning scar , he could see Voldemort sail fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green boat ... . he have nearly reach the island where the stone basin stand ... . " you must flee , " whisper Professor McGonagall , " now Potter , as quickly as you can ! " " I ca n't , " say Harry , " there be something I need to do . professor , so you know where the diadem of Ravenclaw be ? " " the d-diadem of Ravenclaw ? of course not -- - have n't it be lose for century ? " she sit up a little straight " Potter , it be madness , utter madness , for you to enter this castle- -- " " I have to , " say Harry . " professor , there be something hide here that I be suppose to find , and it could be the diadem- -- if I could just speak to Professor Flitwick -- " there be a sound of movement , of clink glass . Amycus be come round . before Harry or Luna could act , Professor McGonagall rise to her foot , point her wand at the groggy Death Eater , and say , " Imperio . " Amycus get up , walk over to his sister , pick up her wand , then shuffle obediently to Professor McGonagall and hand it over along with his own . then he lie down on the floor beside Alecto . Professor McGonagall wave her wand again , and a length of shimmer silver rope appear out of thin air and snake around the Carrows , bind them tightly together . " Potter , " say Professor McGonagall , turn to face him again with superb indifference to the Carrows ' predicament . " if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named do indeed know that you be here- -- " as she say it , a wrath that be like physical pain blaze through Harry , set his scar on fire , and for a second he look down upon a basin whose potion have turn clear , and see that no golden locket lie safe beneath the surface- -- . " Potter , be you all right . " say a voice , and Harry come back . he be clutch Luna 's shoulder to steady himself . " time be run out , Voldemort be get near , Professor , I be act on Dumbledore 's order , I must find what he want me to find ! but we have get to get the student out while I be search the castle- -- it 's me Voldemort want , but he wo n't care about kill a few more or less , not now- -- " not now he know I be attack Horcruxes , Harry finish the sentence in his head . " you be act on Dumbledore 's order ? " she repeat with a look of dawn wonder . then she draw herself up to her full height . " we shall secure the school against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named while you search for this -- - this object . " " be that possible ? " " I think so , " say Professor McGonagall dryly , " we teacher be rather good at magic , you know . I be sure we will be able to hold him off for a while if we all put our good effort into it . of course , something will have to be do about Professor Snape- -- " " let me -- - " " -- -and if Hogwarts be about to enter a state of siege , with the Dark Lord at the gate , it would indeed be advisable to take as many innocent people out of the way as possible . with the Floo Network under observation , and Apparition impossible within the grounds- -- " " there be a way , " say Harry quickly , and he explain about the passageway lead into the Hog 's Head . " Potter , we be talk about hundred of students- -- " " I know , Professor , but if Voldemort and the Death Eaters be concentrate on the school boundary they wo n't be interested in anyone who be Disapparating out of Hog 's Head . " " there be something in that , " she agree . she point her wand at the Carrows , and a silver net fall upon their bound body , tie itself around them , and hoist them into the air , where they dangle beneath the blue-and-gold ceiling like two large , ugly sea creature . " come . we must alert the other Heads of House . you will well put that Cloak back on . " she march toward the door , and as she do so she raise her wand . from the tip burst three silver cat with spectacle marking around their eye . the Patronuses run sleekly ahead , fill the spiral staircase with silvery light , as Professor McGonagall , Harry , and Luna hurry back down . along the corridor they race , and one by one the Patronuses leave them . Professor McGonagall 's tartan dressing gown rustle over the floor , and Harry and Luna jog behind her under the Cloak . they have descend two more floor when another set of quiet join theirs . Harry , whose scar be still prickle , hear them first . he feel in the pouch around his neck for the Marauder 's Map , but before he could take it our , McGonagall too seem to become aware of their company . she halt , raise her wand ready to duel , and say , " who be there ? " " it be I , " say a low voice . from behind a suit of armor step Severus Snape . hatred boil up in Harry at the sight of him . he have forget the detail of Snape 's appearance in the magnitude of his crime , forget how his greasy black hair hang in curtain around his thin face , how his black eye have a dead , cold look . he be not wear nightclothes , but be dress in his usual black cloak , and he too be hold his wand ready for a fight . " where be the Carrows ? " he ask quietly . " wherever you tell them to be , I expect , Severus , " say Professor McGonagall . Snape step near , and his eye flit over Professor McGonagall into the air around her , as if he know that Harry be there . Harry hold his wand up too , ready to attack . " I be under the impression , " say Snape , " that Alecto have apprehend an intruder . " " really ? " say Professor McGonagall . " and what give you that impression ? " Snape mad a slight flex movement of his left arm , where the Dark Mark be brand into his skin . " oh , but naturally , " say Professor McGonagall . " you Death Eaters have your own private mean of communication , I forget . " Snape pretend not to have hear her . his eye be still probe the air all about her , and he be move gradually closer , with an air of hardly notice what he be do . " I do not know that it be your night to patrol the corridor Minerva . " " you have some objection ? " " I wonder what could have bring you out of our bed at this late hour ? " " I think I hear a disturbance , " say Professor McGonagall . " really ? but all seem calm . " Snape look into her eye . " have you see Harry Potter , Minerva ? because if you have . I must insist- -- " Professor McGonagall move faster than Harry could have believe . her wand slash through the air and for a split second Harry think that Snape must crumple , unconscious , but the swiftness of his Shield Charm be such that McGonagall be throw off balance . =She brandish her wand at a touch on the wall and it fly out of its bracket . Harry , about to curse Snape , be force to pull Luna out of the way of the descend flame , which become a ring of fire that fill the corridor and fly like a lasso at Snape- -- then it be no long fire , but a great black serpent that McGonagall blast to smoke , which re-form and solidify in second to become a swarm of pursue dagger . Snape avoid them only by force the suit of armor in front of him , and with echo clang the dagger sink , one after another , into its breast- -- " Minerva ! " say a squeaky voice , and look behind him , still shield Luna from fly spell , Harry see Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprint up the corridor toward them in their nightclothes , with the enormous Professor Slughorn pant along at the rear . " no ! " squeal Flitwick , raise his wand . " you will do no more murder at Hogwarts ! " Flitwick 's spell hit the suit of armor behind which Snape have take shelter . with a clatter it come to life . Snape struggle free of the crush arm and send it fly back toward his attacker . Harry and Luna have to dive sideways to avoid it as it smash into the wall and shatter . when Harry look up again , Snape be in full flight , McGonagall , Flitwick , and Sprout all thunder after him . he hurtle through a classroom door and , moment later , he hear McGonagall cry , " Coward ! coward ! " " what be happen , what be happen ? " ask Luna . Harry drag her to her foot and they race along the corridor , trail the Invisibility Cloak behind them , into the desert classroom where Professors McGonagall , Flitwick , and Sprout be stand at a smashed window . " he jump , " say Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna run into the room . " you mean he be dead ? " Harry sprint to the window , ignore Flitwick 's and Sprout 's yell of shock at his sudden appearance . " no , he be not dead , " say McGonagall bitterly . " unlike Dumbledore , he be still carry a wand ... and he seem to have learn a few trick from his master . " with a tingle of horror , Harry see in the distance a huge , bat like shape fly through the darkness toward the perimeter wall . there be heavy footfall behind them , and a great deal of puff . Slughorn have just catch up . " Harry ! " he pant , massage his immense chest beneath his emerald-green silk pajamas . " my dear boy ... what a surprise ... Minerva , do please explain ... Severus ... what ... ? " " our headmaster be take a short break , " say Professor McGonagall , point at the Snape-shaped hole in the window . " professor ! " Harry shout his hand on his forehead , he could see the Inferifilled lake slide beneath him , and he feel a ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore , and Voldemort lept from it with murder in his heart- -- " Professor , we have get to barricade the school , he be come now ! " " very well . He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be come , " she tell the other teacher . Sprout and Flitwick gasp . Slughorn let out a low groan . " Potter have work to do in the castle on Dumbledore 's order . we need to put in place every protection of which we be capable while Potter do what he need to do . " " you realize , of course , that nothing we do will be able to keep out You-KnowWho indefinitely ? " squeak Flitwick . " but we can hold him up . " say Professor Sprout . " thank you , Pomona , " say Professor McGonagall , and between the two witch there pass a look of grim understanding . I suggest we establish basic protection around the place , then gather our student and meet in the Great Hall . most must be evacuate , though if any of those who be over age wish to stay and fight , I think they ought to be give the chance . " " agree , " say Professor Sprout , already hurry toward the door . " I shall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minute with my house . " and as she jog out of sight , they could hear her mutter , " Tentacula , Devil 's Snare . and Snargaluff pod ... yes , I will like to see the Death Eaters fight those . " I can act from here , " say Flitwick , and although he could barely see out of it , he point his wand through the smashed window and start mutter incantation of great complexity . Harry hear a weird rush noise , as though Flitwick have unleash the power of the wind into the ground . " professor , " Harry say , approach the little Charms master . " professor , I be sorry to interrupt , but this be important . have you get any idea where the diadem of Ravenclaw be ? " " -- Protego Horribillis--the diadem of Ravenclaw ? " squeak Flitwick . " a little extra wisdom never go amiss , Potter , but I hardly think it would be much use in this situation ! " " I only mean -- - do you know where it be ? have you ever see it ? " " see it " nobody have see it in live memory ! long since lose , boy . " Harry feel a mixture of desperate disappointment and panic . what , then , be the Horcrux ? " we shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall , Filius ! " say Professor McGonagall , beckon to Harry and Luna to follow her . they have just reach the door when Slughorn rumble into speech . " my word , " he puff , pale and sweaty , his walrus mustache aquiver . " what a to-do ! I be not at all sure whether this be wise , Minerva . he be bind to find a way in , you know , and anyone who have try to delay him will be in the most grievous peril- -- " " I shall expect you and the Slytherins in the Great Hall in twenty minute also . " say Professor McGonagall . " if you wish to leave with your student , we shall not stop you . but if any of you attempt to sabotage our resistance or take up arm against us within this castle , then , Horace , we duel to kill . " " Minerva ! " he say , aghast . " the time have come for Slytherin House to decide upon its loyalty , " interrupt Professor McGonagall . " go and wake your student , Horace . " Harry do not stay to watch Slughorn splutter . he and Luna stay after Professor McGonagall , who have take up a position in the middle of the corridor and raise her wand . " Piertotum---oh , for heaven 's sake , Filch , not now -- " the aged caretaker have just come hobble into view , shout " student out of bed ! student in the corridor ! " " they be suppose to be you blithering idiot ! " shout McGonagall . " now go and do something constructive ! find Peeves ! " ' P-Peeves ? " stammer Filch as though he have never hear the name before . " yes , , you fool , Peeves ! have n't you be complain about him for a quarter of a century ? go and fetch him , at once . filch evidently think Professor McGonagall have take leave of her sense , but hobble away , hunch-shouldered , mutter under his breath . " and now--Piertotum Locomator ! " cry Professor McGonagall . and all along the corridor the statue and suit of armor jump down from their plinth , and from the echo crash from the floor above and below , Harry know that their fellow throughout the castle have do the same . " Hogwarts be threaten ! " shout Professor McGonagall . " man the boundary , protect us , do your duty to our school ! " clatter and yell , the horde of move statue stampede past Harry , some of them small , other large than life . there be animal too , and the clank suit of armor brandish sword and spiked ball on chain . " now , Potter , " say McGonagall . , " you and Miss Lovegood have good return to your friend and bring them to the Great Hall -- - I shall rouse the other Gryffindors . " they part at the top of the next staircase , Harry and Luna turn back toward the conceal entrance to the Room of Requirement . as they run , they meet crowd of student , most wear travel cloak over their pajamas , be shepherd down to the Great Hall by teacher and prefect . " that be Potter ! " " Harry Potter ! " " it be him , I swear , I just see him ! " " but Harry do not look back , and at last they reach the entrance to the Room of Requirement , Harry lean against the enchant wall , which open to admit them , and he and Luna speed back down the steep staircase . " Wh -- ? " as the room come into view , Harry slip down a few stair in shock . it be pack , far more crowded than when he have last be in there . Kingsley and Lupin be look up at him , as be Oliver Wood , Katie Bell , Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet , Bill and Fleur , and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley . " Harry , what be happen ? " say Lupin , meet him at the foot of the stair . " Voldemort 's on his way , they be barricade he school---Snape be run for it---What be you do here ? how do you know ? " we send message to the rest of Dumbledore 's army , " Fred explain . " you could n't expect everyone to miss the fun , Harry , and the D.A. let the order of the Phoenix know , and it all kind of snowball . " " what first , Harry ? " call George . " what be go on ? " " they be evacuate the young kid and everyone 's meeting in the Great Hall to get organized , " Harry say . " we be fight . " there be a great roar and a surge toward the stair , he be press back against he wall as they run past hi , the mingle member of the order of the Phoenix , Dumbledore 's Army , and Harry 's old Quidditch team , all with their wand draw , head up into the main castle . " come on , Luna , " Dean call as he pass , hold out his free hand , she take it and follow him back up the stair . the crowd be thin . only a little knot of people remain below in the Room of Requirement , and Harry joine3d them . Mrs. Weasley be struggle with Ginny . around them stand Lupin , Fred , George , Bill and Fleur . " you be underage ! " Mrs. Weasley shout at her daughter as Harry approach " I wo n't permit it ! the boy , yes , but you , you have get to go home ! " " I wo n't ! " " Ginny 's hair fly as she pull her arm out of her mother 's grip . " I be in Dumbledore 's Army- -- " " a teenager ' gang ! " " a teenager ' gang that be about to take him on , which no one else have dare to do ! " say Fred . " she be sixteen ! " shout Mrs. Weasley . " she be not old enough ! what you two be think bring her with you—- " Fred and George look slightly ashamed of themselves . mom 's right , Ginny , " say Bill gently . " you ca n't do this . everyone underage will have to leave , it be only right . " " I ca n't go home ! " Ginny shout , angry tear sparkling in her eye . " my whole family be here , I ca n't stand wait there alone and not know and -- " her eye meet Harry 's for the first time . she look at him beseechingly , but he shake his head and she turn away bitterly . " fine , " she say , stare at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog 's Head . " I will say good-by now , then , and- -- " there be a scuffle and a great thump . someone else have clamber out of the tunnel , overbalance slightly , and fall . he pull himself up no the near chair , look around through lopsided horn-rimmed glass , and say , " be I too late ? have it start . I only just find out , so I -- - I -- - " Percy splutter into silence . evidently he have not expect to run into most of his family . there be a long moment of astonishment , break by Fleur turn to Lupin and say , in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension . " So- -- ' ow eez leetle Teddy ? " lupin blink at her , startle . the silence between the Weasleys seem to be solidify , like ice . " I -- - oh yes- -- he be fine ! " lupin say loudly . " yes , Tonks be with him- -- at her mother be -- - " Percy and the other Weasleys be still stare at one another , freeze . " here , I have get a picture ? " lupin shout , pull a photograph from inside his jacket and show it to Fleur and Harry , who see a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoise hair , wave fat fist at the camera . " I be a fool ! " Percy roar , so loudly that Lupin nearly drop his photograph . " I be an idiot , I be a pompous prat , I be a - a -- " " Ministry-loving , family-disowning , power-hungry moron , " say Fred . Percy swallow . " yes , I be ! " " well , you ca n't say fair than that , " say Fred , hold his hand out to Percy . Mrs. Weasley burst into tear , . she run forward , push Fred aside , and pull Percy into a strangle hug , while he pat her on the back , his eye on his father . " I be sorry , Dad , " Percy say . Mr. Weasley blink rather rapidly , then he too hurry to hug his son . " what make you see sense , Perce ? " inquire George . " it have be come on for a while , " say Percy , mop his eye under his glass with a corner of his travel cloak . " but I have to find a way out and it be not so easy at the Ministry , they be imprison traitor all the time . I manage to make contact with Aberforth and he tip me off ten minute ago that Hogwarts be go to make a fight of it , so here I be . " " well , we do look to our prefect to take a lead at time such as these , " say George in a good imitation of Percy 's most pompous manner . " now let be get upstairs and fight , or all the good death eater will be take . " " so , you be my sister in-law now ? " say Percy , shake hand with Fleur as they hurry off toward the staircase with Bill , Fred , and George . " Ginny ! " bark Mrs. Weasley . Ginny have be attempt , under cover of the reconciliation to sneak upstairs too . " Molly , how about this , " say Lupin . " why do n't Ginny stay here , then at least she will be on the scene and know what be go on , but she wo n't be in the middle of the fighting ? " " I- -- " " that be a good idea , " say Mr. Weasley firmly , " Ginny , you stay in this room , you hear me ? " Ginny do not seem to like the idea much , but under her father be unusually stern gaze , she nod . Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin head off to the stair as well . " where be Ron ? " ask Harry , " where be Hermione ? " " they must have go up the Great Hall already , " Mr. Weasley call over his shoulder . " I do n't see them pass me , " say Harry . " they say something about a bathroom , " say Ginny , " not long after you leave . " " a bathroom ? " Harry stride across the room to an open door lead off the Room of Requirement and check the bathroom beyond . it be empty . " you be sure they say bath- -- ? " but then his scar sear and the Room of Req1uirement vanish . he be look through the high wrought-iron gate with wing boat on pillar at either side , look through the dark ground toward the castle , which be ablaze with light . Nagini lie drape over his shoulder . he be possess of that cold , cruel sense of purpose that precede murder . Chapter Thirty-One the battle of Hogwarts the enchant ceiling of the Great Hall be dark and scatter with star , and below it the four long House table be line with dishevel student , some in travel cloak , other in dress gown . here and there shine the pearly white figure of the school ghost . every eye , living and dead be fix upon Professor McGonagall , who be speak from the raise platform at the top of the Hall . behind her stand the remain teach , include the palomino centaur , Firenze , and the member of the order of the Phoenix who have arrive to fight . " ... evacuation will be oversee by Mr. Filch and Madame Pomfrey . prefect , when I give the word , you will organize your house and take your charge in orderly fashion to the evacuation point . many of the student look petrify . however , as Harry skirt the wall , scan the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione , Ernie Macmillan stand up at the Hufflepuff table and shout ; " and what if we want to stay and fight ? " there be a smattering of applause . " if you be of age , you may stay . " say Professor McGonagall . " what about our thing ? " call a girl at the Ravenclaw table . " our trunk , our owl ? " " we have no time to collect possession . " say Professor McGonagall . " the important thing be to get you out of here safely . " " where be Professor Snape ? " shout a girl from the Slytherin table . " he have , to use the common phrase , do a bunk . " reply Professor McGonagall and a great cheer erupt from the Gryffindors , Hufflepuffs , and Ravenclaws . Harry move up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table , still look for Ron and Hermione . as he pass , face turn in his direction , and a great deal of whispering break out in his wake . " we have already place protection around the castle , " Professor McGonagall be say , " but it be unlikely to hold for very long unless we reinforce it . I must ask you , therefore , to move quickly and calmly , and do as your prefect - " but her final word be drown as a different voice echo throughout the Hall . it be high , cold , and clear . there be no tell from where it come . it seem to issue from the wall themselves . like the monster it have once command , it might have lie dormant there for century . " I know that you be prepare to fight . " there be scream amongst the student , some of whom clutch each other , look around in terror for the source of the sound . " your effort be futile . you can fight me . I do not want to kill you . I have great respect for the teacher of Hogwarts . I do not want to spill magical blood . " there be silence in the Hall now , the kind of silence that press against the eardrum , that seem too huge to be contain by wall . " give me Harry Potter , " say Voldemort 's voice , " and they shall not be harm . give me Harry Potter and I shall leave the school untouched . give me Harry Potter and you will be reward . " you have until midnight . " the silence swallow them all again . every head turn , every eye in the place seem to have find Harry , to hold him forever in the glare of thousand of invisible beam . then a figure rise from the Slytherin table and he recognize Pansy Parkinson as she raise a shake arm and scream , " but he be there ! Potter be there . someone grab him ! " before Harry could speak , there be a massive movement . the Gryffindors in front of him have rise and stand face , not Harry , but the Slytherins . then the Hufflepuffs stand , and almost at the same moment , the Ravenclaws , all of them with their back to Harry , all of them look toward Pansy instead , and Harry , awestruck and overwhelmed , see wand emerge everywhere , pull from beneath cloak and from under sleeve . " thank you , Miss Parkinson . " say Professor McGonagall in a clip voice . " you will leave the Hall first with Mr. Filch . if the rest of your house could follow . " Harry hear the grind of the bench and then the sound of the Slytherins troop out on the other side of the Hall . " Ravenclaws , follow on ! " cry Professor McGonagall . slowly the four table empty . the Slytherin table be completely desert , but a number of old Ravenclaws remain seat while their fellow file out ; even more Hufflepuffs stay behind , and half of Gryffindor remain in their seat , necessitate Professor McGonagall 's descent from the teacher ' platform to chivvy the underage on their way . " absolutely not , Creevey , go ! and you , Peakes ! " Harry hurry over to the Weasleys , all sit together at the Gryffindor table . " where be Ron and Hermione ? " " have n't you find - ? " begin Mr. Weasley , look worry . but he break off as Kingsley have step forward on the raise platform to address those who have remain behind . " we have only get half an half an hour until midnight , so we need to act fast . a battle plan have be agree between the teacher of Hogwarts and the order of the Phoenix . professor Flitwick , Sprout and McGonagall be go to take group of fighter up to the three high tower - Ravenclaw , Astronomy , and Gryffindor - where they will have good overview , excellent position from which to work spell . meanwhile Remus " - he indicate Lupin - " Arthur " - he point toward Mr. Weasley , sit at the Gryffindor table - " and I will take group into the ground . we will need somebody to organize defense of the entrance or the passageway into the school - " " Sounds like a job for us . " call Fred , indicate himself and George , and Kingsley nod his approval . " all right , leader up here and we will divide up the troop ! " " Potter , " say Professor McGonagall , hurry up to him , as student flood the platform , jostle for position , receive instruction , " be n't you suppose to be look for something ? " " what ? oh , " say Harry , " oh yeah ! " he have almost forget about the Horcrux , almost forget that the battle be be fight so that he could search for it : the inexplicable absence of Ron and Hermione have momentarily drive every other thought from his mind . " then go , Potter , go ! " " right - yeah - " he sense eye follow him as he run out of the Great Hall again , into the entrance hall still crowd with evacuate student . he allow himself to be sweep up the marble staircase with them , but at the top he hurry off along a desert corridor . fear and panic be cloud his thought process . he try to calm himself , to concentrate on find the Horcrux , but his thought buzz as frantically and fruitlessly as wasp trap beneath a glass . without Ron and Hermione to help him he could not seem to marshal his idea . he slow down , come to a halt halfway along a passage , where he sit down on the plinth of a departed statue and pull the Marauder 's Map out of the pouch around his neck . he could not see Ron 's of Hermione 's name anywhere on it , though the density of the crowd of dot now make its way to the Room of Requirement might , he think , be conceal them . he put the map away , press his hand over his face , and close his eye , try to concentrate . Voldemort think I will go to Ravenclaw Tower . there it be , a solid fact , the place to start . Voldemort have station Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room , and there could be only one explanation ; Voldemort fear that Harry already know his Horcrux be connect to that House . but the only object anyone seem to associate with Ravenclaw be the lose diadem ... and how could the Horcrux be the diadem ? how be it possible that Voldemort , the Slytherin , have find the diadem that have elude generation of Ravenclaws ? who could have tell him where to look , when nobody have see the diadem in live memory ? in live memory ... Beneath his finger , Harry 's eye fly open again . he leap up from the plinth and tear back the way he have come , now in pursuit of his one last hope . the sound of hundred of people march toward the Room of Requirement grow louder and louder as he return to the marble stair . prefect be shout instruction , try to keep track of the student in their own house , there be much push and shout ; Harry see Zacharias Smith bowling over first year to get to the front of the queue , here and there young student be in tear , while old one call desperately for friend or sibling . Harry catch sight of a pearly white figure drift across the entrance hall below and yell as loudly as he could over the clamor . " Nick ! nick ! I need to talk to you ! " he force his way back through the tide of student , finally reach the bottom of the stair , where nearly Headless Nick , ghost of Gryffindor Tower , stand wait for him . " Harry ! my dear boy ! " Nick make to grasp Harry 's hand with both of his own ; Harry feel as though they have be thrust into icy water . " Nick , you have get to help me . who be the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower ? " nearly Headless Nick look surprise and a little offend . " the Gray Lady , of course ; but if it be ghostly service you require - ? " " it be get to be her - d'you know where she be ? " " let be see ... " Nick 's head wobble a little on his ruff as he turn hither and thither , peer over the head of the swarm student . " that be her over there , Harry , the young woman with the long hair . " Harry look in the direction of Nick 's transparent , point finger and see a tall ghost who catch sight of Harry look at her , raise her eyebrow , and drift away through a solid wall . Harry run after her . once through the door of the corridor into which she have disappear , he see her at the very end of the passage , still glide smoothly away from him . " hey - wait - come back ! " she consent to pause , float a few inch from the ground . Harry suppose that she be beautiful , with her waist-length hair and floor-length cloak , but she also look haughty and proud . close in , he recognize her as a ghost he have pass several time in the corridor , but to whom he have never speak . " you be the Gray Lady ? " she nod but do not speak . " the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower ? " " that be correct . " her tone be not encouraging . " please , I need some help . I need to know anything you can tell me about the lose diadem . " a cold smile curve her lip . " I be afraid , " she say , turn to leave , " that I can help you . " " wait ! " he have not mean to shout , but anger and panic be threaten to overwhelm him . he glance at his watch as she hover in front of him . it be a quarter to midnight . " this be urgent . " he say fiercely . " if that diadem be at Hogwarts , I have get to find it , fast . " " you be hardly the first student to covet the diadem . " she say disdainfully . " generation of student have badger me - " " this be n't about try to get good mark ! " Harry shout at her , " it be about Voldemort - defeat Voldemort - or be n't you interested in that ? " she could not blush , but her transparent cheek become more opaque , and her voice be heat as she reply , " of course I - how dare you suggest - ? " " well , help me then ! " her composure be slip . " it - it be not a question of - " she stammer . my mother 's diadem - " " your mother 's ? " she look angry with herself . " when I live , " she say stiffly , " I be Helena Ravenclaw . " " you be her daughter ? but then , you must know what hap to it . " " while the diadem bestow wisdom , " she say with an obvious effort to pull herself together , " I doubt that it would greatly increase you chance of defeat the wizard who call himself Lord - " have n't I tell you , I be not interested in wear it ! " Harry say fiercely . " there be no time to explain - but if you care about Hogwarts , if you want to see Voldemort finish , you have get to tell me anything you know about the diadem ! " she remain quite still , float in midair , stare down at him , and a sense of hopelessness engulf Harry . of course , if she have know anything , she would have tell Flitwick of Dumbledore , who have surely ask her the same question . he have shake his head and make to turn away when she speak in a low voice . " I steal the diadem from my mother . " " you - you do what ? " " I steal the diadem . " repeat Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper . " I seek to make myself clever , more important than my mother . I run away with it . " he do not know how he have manage to gain her confidence and do not ask , he simply listen , hard , as she go on . " my mother , they say , never admit that the diadem be go , but pretend that she have it still . she conceal her loss , my dreadful betrayal , even from the other founder of Hogwarts . " then my mother fall ill - fatally ill . in spite of my perfidy , she be desperate to see me one more time . she send a man who have long love me , though I spurn his advance , to find me . she know that he would not rest until he have do so . " Harry wait . she draw a deep breath and throw back her head . " he track me to the forest where I be hide . when I refuse to return with him , he become violent . the baron be always a hot-tempered man . furious at my refusal , jealous of my freedom , he stab me . " " the Baron ? you mean - ? " " he Bloody Baron , yes , " say the Gray Lady , and she lift aside the cloak she wear to reveal a single dark wound in her white chest . when he see what he have do , he be overcome with remorse . he take the weapon that have claim my life , and use it to kill himself . all these century later , he wear his chain as an act of penitence ... as he should . " she add bitterly . " and - and the diadem ? " " it remain where I have hide it when I hear the Baron blunder through the forest toward me . conceal inside a hollow tree . " " a hollow tree ? " repeat Harry . " what tree ? where be this ? " " a forest in Albania . a lonely place I think be far beyond my mother 's reach . " " Albania , " repeat Harry . sense be emerge miraculously from confusion , and now he understand why she be tell him what she have deny Dumbledore and Flitwick . " you have already tell someone this story , have n't you ? another student ? " she close her eye and nod . " I have ... no idea ... he be flatter . he seem to ... understand ... to sympathize ... " Yes , Harry think . Tom Riddle would certainly have understand Helena Ravenclaw 's desire to possess fabulous object to which she have little right . " well , you be n't the first person Riddle worm thing out of . " Harry mutter . " he could be charm when he want ... " so , Voldemort have manage to wheedle the location of the lose diadem out of the Gray Lady . he have travel to that far-flung forest and retrieve the diadem from its hiding place , perhaps as soon as he leave Hogwarts , before he even start work at Borgin and Burkes . and would n't those secluded Albanian wood have seem an excellent refuge when , so much later , Voldemort and need a place to lie low , undisturbed , for ten long year ? but the diadem , once it become his precious Horcrux , have not be leave in that lowly tree . . . . no , the diadem have be return secretly to its true home , and Voldemort must have put it there - " - the night he ask for a job ! " say Harry , finish his thought . " I beg your pardon ? " " he hide the diadem in the castle , the night he ask Dumbledore to let him teach ! " say Harry . say it out loud enable him to make sense of it all . " he must have hide the diadem on his way up to , or down from , Dumbledore 's office ! but it be well worth try to get the job - then he might have get the chance to nick Gryffindor 's sword as well - thank you , thanks ! " Harry leave her float there , look utterly bewilder . as he round the corner back into the entrance hall , he check his watch . it be five minute until midnight , and though he now know what the last Horcrux be , he be no close to discover where it be . . . generation of student have fail to find the diadem ; that suggest that it be not in Ravenclaw Tower - but if not there , where ? what hiding place have Tom Riddle discover inside Hogwarts Castle , that he believe would remain secret forever ? lose in desperate speculation , Harry turn a corner , but he have take only a few step down the new corridor when the window to his left break open with a deafen , shatter crash . as he leap aside , a gigantic body fly in through the window and hit the opposite wall . something large and furry detach itself , whimper , from the new arrival and fling itself at Harry . " Hagrid ! " Harry bellow , fight off Fang the boarhound 's attention as the enormous bearded figure clamber to his foot " what the -- ? " " Harry , yer here ! Yer here ! " Hagrid stoop down , bestow upon Harry a cursory and rib-cracking hug , then run back to the shattered window . " good boy , Grawpy ! " he bellow through the hole in the window . " I will se yer in a moment , there be a good lad ! " beyond Hagrid , out in the dark night , Harry see burst of light in the distance and hear a weird , keen scream . he look down at his watch : it be midnight . the battle have begin . " Blimey , Harry , " pant Hagrid , " this be it , eh ? time ter fight ? " " Hagrid , where have you come from ? " " hear You-Know-Who from up in our cave , " say Hagrid grimly . " Voice carry , do n't it ? ' yet get till midnight ter gimme Potter . ' Knew Yeh mu ' be here , know that mu ' be happenin ' . get down , Fang . so we come ter join in , me an ' Grawpy an ' Fang . smash our way through the boundary by the forest , Grawpy be carryin ' us , Fang an ' me . tell him ter let me down at the castle , so he shove me through the window , bless him . not exactly what I mean , bu ' - where be Ron an ' Hermione ? " " that , " say Harry , " be a really good question . come on . " they hurry together along the corridor , Fang lollop beside them . Harry could hear movement through the corridor all around : run footstep , shout ; through the window , he could see more flash of light in the dark ground . " where be we goin ' ? " puff Hagrid , pound along at Harry 's heel , make the floorboard quake . " I dunno exactly , " say Harry , make another random turn , " but Ron and Hermione must be around here somewhere . . . . " the first casualty of the battle be already strew across the passage ahead : the two stone gargoyle that usually guard the entrance to the staffroom have be smash apart by a jinx that have sail through another break window . their remains stir feebly on the floor , and as Harry leap over one of their disembodied head , it moan faintly . " oh , do n't mind me . . . I will just be here and crumble . . . . " its ugly stone face make Harry think suddenly of the marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophilius 's house , wear that mad headdress - and then of the statue in Ravenclaw Tower , with the stone diadem upon her white curl . . . . and as he reach the end of the passage , the memory of a third stone effigy come back to him : that of an ugly old warlock , onto whose head Harry himself have place a wig and a battered old hat . the shock shot through Harry with the heat of firewhisky , and he nearly stumble . he know , at least , where the Horcrux sit wait for him . . . . Tom Riddle , who confide in no one and operate alone , might have be arrogant enough to assume that he , and only he , have penetrate the deep mystery of Hogwarts Castle . of course , Dumbledore and Flitwick , those model pupil , have never set foot in that particular place , but he , Harry , have stray off the beaten track in his time at school - here at least be a secret area he and Voldemort know , that Dumbledore have never discover - he be rouse by Professor Sprout , who be thunder past follow by Neville and half a dozen other , all of them wear earmuff and carrying what appear to be large potted plant . " mandrake ! " Neville bellow at Harry over his shoulder as he run . " go to lob them over the wall - they wo n't like this ! " Harry know now where to go . he speed off , with Hagrid and Fang gallop behind him . they pass portrait after portrait , and the painted figure race alongside them , wizard and witch in ruff and breech , in armor and cloak , cram themselves into each other ' canvas , scream news from other part of the castle . as they reach the end of this corridor , the whole castle shake , and Harry know , as a gigantic vase blow off its plinth with explosive force , that it be in the grip of enchantment more sinister than those of the teacher and the order . " it be all righ ' , Fang - it be all righ ' ! " yell Hagrid , but the great boarhound have take flight as sliver of china fly like shrapnel through the air , and Hagrid pound off after the terrify dog , leave Harry alone . he forge on through the tremble passage , his wand at the ready , and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight , Sir Cadrigan , rush from painting to painting beside him , clank along in his armor , scream encouragement , his fat little pony canter behind him . " braggart and rogue , dog and scoundrel , drive them out , Harry Potter , see them off ! " Harry hurtle around a corner and find Fred and a small knot of student , include Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott , standing beside another empty plinth , whose statue have conceal a secret passageway . their wand be draw and they be listen at the conceal hole . " nice night for it ! " Fred shout as the castle quak again , and Harry sprint by , elate and terrify in equal measure . along yet another corridor he dash , and then there be owl everywhere , and Mrs. Norris be hiss and try to bat them with her paw , no doubt to return them to their proper place . . . . " Potter ! " Aberforth Dumbledore stand block the corridor ahead , his wand hold ready . " I have have hundred of kid thunder through my pub , Potter ! " " I know , we be evacuate , " Harry say , " Voldemort 's - " " - attack because they have n't hand you over , yeah , " say Aberforth . " I be not deaf , the whole of Hogsmeade hear him . and it never occur to any of you to keep a few Slytherins hostage ? there be kid of Death Eaters you have just send to safety . would n't it have be a bit smarter to keep ' em here ? " " it would n't stop Voldemort , " say Harry , " and your brother would never have do it . " Aberforth grunt and tear away in the opposite direction . your brother would never have do it . . . . well , it be the truth , Harry think as he run on again : Dumbledore , who have defend Snape for so long , would never have hold student ransom . . . . and then he skid around a final corner and with a yell of mingle relief and fury he see them : Ron and Hermione ; both with their arm full of large , curve , dirty yellow object , Ron with a broomstick under his arm . " where the have you be ? " Harry shout . " chamber of secret , " say Ron . " chamber - " say Harry , come to an unsteady halt before them . " it be Ron , all Ron 's idea ! " say Hermione breathlessly . " be n't it absolutely brilliant ? there we be , after we leave , and I say to Ron , even if we find the other one , how be we go to get rid of it ? we still have n't get rid of the cup ! and then he think of it ! the basilisk ! " " what the - ? " " something to get rid of Horcruxes , " say Ron simply . Harry 's eye drop to the object clutch in Ron and Hermione 's arm : great curve fang ; tear , he now realize , from the skull of a dead basilisk . " but how do you get in there ? " he ask , stare from the fang to Ron . " you need to speak Parseltongue ! " " he do ! " whisper Hermione . " show him , Ron ! " Ron make a horrible strangle hiss noise . " it be what you do to open the locket , " he tell Harry apologetically . " I have to have a few go to get it right , but , " he shrug modestly , " we get there in the end . " " he be amazing ! " say Hermione . " amazing ! " " so . . . " Harry be struggle to keep up . " so . . . " " so we be another Horcrux down , " say Ron , and from under his jacket he pull the mangle remains of Hufflepuff 's cup . " Hermione stab it . think she should . she have n't have the pleasure yet . " " genius ! " yell Harry . " it be nothing , " say Ron , though he look delighted with himself . " so what be new with you ? " as he say it , there be an explosion from overhead : all three of them look up as dust fall from the ceiling and they hear a distant scream . " I know what the diadem look like , and I know where it be , " say Harry , talk fast . " he hide it exactly where I have my old potion book , where everyone have be hide stuff for century . he think he be the only one to find it . come on . " as the wall tremble again , he lead the other two back through the conceal entrance and down the staircase into the Room of Requirement . it be empty except for three woman : Ginny , Tonks and an elderly witch wear a moth-eaten hat , whom Harry recognize immediately as Neville 's grandmother . " ah , Potter , " she say crisply as if she have be wait for him . " you can tell us what be go on . " " be everyone okay ? " say Ginny and Tonks together . " ' S far as we know , " say Harry . " be there still people in the passage to the Hog 's Head ? " he know that the room would not be able to transform while there be still user inside it . " I be the last to come through , " say Mrs. Longbottom . " I seal it , I think it unwise to leave it open now Aberforth have leave his pub . have you see my grandson ? " " he be fight , " say Harry . " naturally , " say the old lady proudly . " excuse me , I must go and assist him . " with surprising speed she trot off toward the stone step . Harry look at Tonks . " I think you be suppose to be with Teddy at your mother 's ? " " I could n't stand not know - " Tonks look anguish . " she will look after him - have you see Remus ? " " he be plan to lead a group of fighter into the ground - " without another word , Tonks speed off . " Ginny , " say Harry , " I be sorry , but we need you to leave too . just for a bit . then you can come back in . " Ginny look simply delighted to leave her sanctuary . " and then you can come back in ! " he shout after her as she run up the step after Tonks . " you have get to come back in ! " " Hang on a moment ! " say Ron sharply . " we have forget someone ! " " who ? " ask Hermione . " the house-elves , they will all be down in the kitchen , wo n't they ? " " you mean we ought to get them fight ? " ask Harry . " no , " say Ron seriously , " I mean we should tell them to get out . we do n't want anymore Dobbies , do we ? we ca n't order them to die for us - " there be a clatter as the basilisk fang cascade out of Hermione 's arm . run at Ron , she fling them around his neck and kiss him full on the mouth . Ron throw away the fang and broomstick he be hold and respond with such enthusiasm that he lift Hermione off her foot . " be this the moment ? " Harry ask weakly , and when nothing happen except that Ron and Hermione grip each other still more firmly and sway on the spot , he raise his voice . " Oi ! there be a war go on here ! " Ron and Hermione break apart , their arm still around each other . " I know , mate , " say Ron , who look as though he have recently be hit on the back of the head with a Bludger , " so it be now or never , be n't it ? " " never mind that , what about the Horcrux ? " Harry shout . " D'you think you could just - just hold it in until we have get the diadem ? " " yeah - right - sorry - " say Ron , and he and Hermione set about gather up fang , both pink in the face . it be clear , as the three of them step back into the corridor upstairs , that in the minute that they have spend in the Room of Requirement the situation within the castle have deteriorate severely : the wall and ceiling be shake bad than ever ; dust fill the air , and through the near window , Harry see burst of green and red light so close to the foot of the castle that he know the Death Eaters must be very near to enter the place . look down , Harry see Grawp the giant meander past , swing what look like a stone gargoyle tear from the roof and roar his displeasure . " let be hope he step on some of them ! " say Ron as more scream echo from close by . " as long as it be not any of our lot ! " say a voice : Harry turn and see Ginny and Tonks , both with their wand draw at the next window , which be miss several pane . even as he watch , Ginny send a well-aimed jinx into a crowd of fighter below . " good girl ! " roar a figure run through the dust toward them , and Harry see Aberforth again , his gray hair fly as he lead a small group of student past . " they look like they might be breach the north battlement , they have bring giant of their own . " " have you see Remus ? " tonk call after him . " he be duel Dolohov , " shout Aberforth , " have n't see him since ! " " Tonks , " say Ginny , " Tonks , I be sure he be okay - " but Tonks have run off into the dust after Aberforth . Ginny turn , helpless , to Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " they will be all right , " say Harry , though he know they be empty word . " Ginny , we will be back in a moment , just keep out of the way , keep safe - come on ! " he say to Ron and Hermione , and they run back to the stretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement be wait to do the bidding of the next entrant . I need the place where everything be hide . Harry beg of it inside his head , and the door materialize on their third run past . the furor of the battle die the moment they cross the threshold and close the door behind them : all be silent . they be in a place the size of a cathedral with the appearance of a city , its towering wall build of object hide by thousand of long-gone student . " and he never realize anyone could get in ? " say Ron , his voice echo in the silence . " he think he be the only one , " say Harry . " too bad for him I have have to hide stuff in my time . . . this way , " he add . " I think it be down here . . . . " they speed off up adjacent aisle ; Harry could hear the other ' footstep echo through the towering pile of junk , of bottle , hat , crate , chair , book , weapon , broomstick , bat . . . . " somewhere near here , " Harry mutter to himself . " somewhere . . . somewhere . . . " deep and deep into the labyrinth he go , look for object he recognize from his one previous trip into the room . his breath be loud in his ear , and then his very soul seem to shiver . there it be , right ahead , the blister old cupboard in which he have hide his old potion book , and on top of it , the pockmarked stone warlock wear a dusty old wig and what look like an ancient discolor tiara . he have already stretch out his hand , though he remain few foot away , when a voice behind him say , " hold it , Potter . " he skid to a halt and turn around . Crabbe and Goyle be stand behind him , shoulder to shoulder , wand point right at Harry . through the small space between their jeer face he see Draco Malfoy . " that be my wand you be hold , Potter , " say Malfoy , point his own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle . " not anymore , " pant Harry , tighten his grip on the hawthorn wand . " winner , keeper , Malfoy . who be lend you theirs ? " " my mother , " say Draco . Harry laugh , though there be nothing very humorous about the situation . he could not hear Ron or Hermione anymore . they seem to have run out of earshot , search for the diadem . " so how come you three be n't with Voldemort ? " ask Harry . " we be gonna be reward , " say Crabbe . his voice be surprisingly soft for such an enormous person : Harry have hardly ever hear him speak before . Crabbe be speak like a small child promise a large bag of sweet . " we ' ung back , Potter . we decide not to go . decide to bring you to ' im . " " good plan , " say Harry in mock admiration . he could not believe that he be this close , and be go to be thwart by Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle . he begin edge slowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux sit lopsided upon the bust . if he could just get his hand on it before the fight break out . . . " so how do you get in here ? " he ask , try to distract them . " I virtually live in the Room of Hidden thing all last year , " say Malfoy , his voice brittle . " I know how to get in . " " we be hide in the corridor outside , " grunt Goyle . " we can do Diss-lusion Charms now ! and then , " his face split into a gormless grin , " you turn up right in front of us and say you be look for a die-dum ! what be a die-dum ? " " Harry ? " Ron 's voice echo suddenly from the other side of the wall to Harry 's right . " be you talk to someone ? " with a whiplike movement , Crabbe point his wand at the fifty foot mountain of old furniture , of break trunk , of old book and robe and unidentifiable junk , and shout , " Descendo ! " the wall begin to totter , then the top third crumble into the aisle next door where Ron stand . " Ron ! " Harry bellow , as somewhere out of sight Hermione scream , and Harry hear innumerable object crash to the floor on the other side of the destabilize wall : he point his wand at the rampart , cry , " Finite ! " and it steady . " no ! " shout Malfoy , stay Crabbe 's arm as the latter make to repeat his spell . " if you wreck the room you might bury this diadem thing ! " " what be that matter ? " say Crabbe , tug himself free . " it be Potter the Dark Lord want , who care about a die-dum ? " " Potter come in here to get it , " say Malfoy with ill-disguised impatience at the slow-wittedness of his colleague . " so that must mean - " " ' must mean ' ? " Crabbe turn on Malfoy with undisguised ferocity . " who care what you think ? I do n't take your order no more , Draco . you an ' your dad be finish . " " Harry ? " shout Ron again , from the other side of the junk wad . " what be go on ? " " Harry ? " mimick Crabbe . " what be go on - no , Potter ! Crucio ! " Harry have lunge for the tiara ; Crabbe 's curse miss him but hit the stone bust , which fly into the air ; the diadem soar upward and then drop out of sight in the mass of object on which the bust have rest . " stop ! " Malfoy shout at Crabbe , his voice echo through the enormous room . " the Dark Lord want him alive - " " so ? I be not kill him , be I ? " yell Crabbe , throw off Malfoy 's restraining arm . " but if I can , I will , the Dark Lord want him dead anyway , what be the diff - ? " a jet of scarlet light shot past Harry by inch : Hermione have run around the corner behind him and send a Stunning Spell straight at Crabbe 's head . it only miss because Malfoy pull him out of the way . " it be that Mudblood ! Avada Kedavra ! " Harry see Hermione dive aside , and his fury that Crabbe have aim to kill wipe all else from his mind . he shoot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe , who lurch out of the way , knock Malfoy 's wand out of his hand ; it roll out of sight beneath a mountain of break furniture and bone . " do n't kill him ! do N'T Kill HIM ! " Malfoy yell at Crabbe and Goyle , who be both aim at Harry : their split second 's hesitation be all Harry need . " Expelliarmus ! " Goyle 's wand fly out of his hand and disappear into the bulwark of object beside him ; Goyle leap foolishly on the spot , try to retrieve it ; Malfoy jump out of range of Hermione 's second Stunning Spell , and Ron , appear suddenly at the end of the aisle , shoot a full Body-Bind Curse at Crabbe , which narrowly miss . Crabbe wheel around and scream , " Avada Kedavra ! " again . Ron leap out of sight to avoid the jet of green light . the wand-less Malfoy cower behind a three-legged wardrobe as Hermione charge toward them , hit Goyle with a Stunning Spell as she come . " it be somewhere here ! " Harry yell at her , point at the pile of junk into which the old tiara have fall . " look for it while I go and help R - " " Harry ! " she scream . a roaring , billow noise behind him give him a moment 's warning . he turn and see both Ron and Crabbe run as hard as they could up the aisle toward them . " like it hot , scum ? " roar Crabbe as he run . but he seem to have no control over what he have do . flame of abnormal size be pursue them , lick up the side of the junk bulwark , which be crumble to soot at their touch . " Aguamenti ! " Harry bawl , but the jet of water that soar from the tip of his wand evaporate in the air . " run ! " Malfoy grab the stun Goyle and drag him along ; Crabbe outstrip all of them , now look terrify ; Harry , Ron , and Hermione pelt along in his wake , and the fire pursue them . it be not normal fire ; Crabbe have use a curse of which Harry have no knowledge . as they turn a corner the flame chase them as though they be alive , sentient , intent upon kill them . now the fire be mutate , form a gigantic pack of fiery beast : flaming serpent , chimaera , and dragon rise and fall and rise again , and the detritus of century on which they be feed be throw up into the air into their fanged mouth , toss high on claw foot , before be consume by the inferno . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle have vanish from view : Harry , Ron and Hermione stop dead ; the fiery monster be circle them , draw closer and closer , claw and horn and tail lash , and the heat be solid as a wall around them . " what can we do ? " Hermione scream over the deafen roar of the fire . " what can we do ? " " here ! " Harry seize a pair of heavy-looking broomstick from the near pile of junk and throw one to Ron , who pull Hermione onto it behind him . Harry swing his leg over the second broom and , with hard kick to the ground , they soar up in the air , miss by foot the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snap its jaw at them . the smoke and heat be become overwhelming : below them the cursed fire be consume the contraband of generation of hunted student , the guilty outcome of a thousand ban experiment , the secret of the countless soul who have seek refuge in the room . Harry couldnot see a trace of Malfoy , Crabbe , or Goyle anywhere . he swoop as low as he dare over the maraud monster of flame to try to find them , but there be nothing but fire : what a terrible way to die . . . . he have never want this . . . . " Harry , let be get out , let be get out ! " bellow Ron , though it be impossible to see where the door be through the black smoke . and then Harry hear a thin , piteous human scream from amidst the terrible commotion , the thunder of devour flame . " it be - too - dangerous - ! " Ron yell , but Harry wheel in the air . his glass give his eye some small protection from the smoke , he rake the firestorm below , seek a sign of life , a limb or a face that be not yet char like wood . . . . and he see them : Malfoy with his arm around the unconscious Goyle , the pair of them perch on a fragile tower of char desk , and Harry dive . Malfoy see him come and raise one arm , but even as Harry grasp it he know at once that it be no good . Goyle be too heavy and Malfoy 's hand , cover in sweat , slide instantly out of Harry 's - " if WE DIE for Them , I 'LL Kill you , Harry ! " roar Ron 's voice , and , as a great flaming chimaera bear down upon them , he and Hermione drag Goyle onto their broom and rise , roll and pitch , into the air once more as Malfoy clamber up behind Harry . " the door , get to the door , the door ! " scream Malfoy in Harry 's ear , and Harry speed up , follow Ron , Hermione , and Goyle through the billow black smoke , hardly able to breathe : and all around them the last few object unburned by the devour flame be fling into the air , as the creature of the cursed fire cast them high in celebration : cup and shield , a sparkling necklace , and an old , discolor tiara - " what be you do , what be you do , the door be that way ! " scream Malfoy , but Harry make a hairpin swerve and dive . the diadem seem to fall in slow motion , turn and glitter as it drop toward the maw of a yawn serpent , and then he have it , catch it around his wrist - Harry swerve again as the serpent lunge at him ; he soar upward and straight toward the place where , he pray , the door stand open ; Ron , Hermione and Goyle have vanish ; Malfoy be scream and hold Harry so tightly it hurt . then , through the smoke , Harry see a rectangular patch on the wall and steer the broom at it , and moment later clean air fill his lung and they collide with the wall in the corridor beyond . Malfoy fall off the broom and lay facedown , gasp , cough , and retch . Harry roll over and sit up : the door to the Room of Requirement have vanish , and Ron and Hermione sit pant on the floor beside Goyle , who be still unconscious . " C-Crabbe , " choke Malfoy as soon as he could speak . " C-Crabbe . . . " " he be dead , " say Ron harshly . there be silence , apart from pant and cough . then a number of huge bang shake the castle , and a great cavalcade of transparent figure gallop past on horse , their head scream with bloodlust under their arm . Harry stagger to his foot when the Headless Hunt have pass and look around : the battle be still go on all around him . he could hear more scream than those of the retreat ghost . panic flare within him . " where be Ginny ? " he say sharply . " she be here . she be suppose to be go back into the Room of Requirement . " " Blimey , d'you reckon it will still work after that fire ? " ask Ron , but he too get to his foot , rub his chest and look left and right . " shall we split up and look - ? " " no , " say Hermione , get to her foot too . Malfoy and Goyle remain slump hopelessly on the corridor floor ; neither of them have wand . " let be stick together . I say we go - Harry , what be that on your arm ? " " what ? oh yeah - " he pull the diadem from his wrist and hold it up . it be still hot , blacken with soot , but as he look at it closely he be just able to make out the tiny word etch upon it ; Wit Beyond MEASURE be Man 's Greatest Treasure . a bloodlike substance , dark and tarry , seem to be leak from the diadem . suddenly Harry feel the thing vibrate violently , then break apart in his hand , and as it do so , he think he hear the faint , most distant scream of pain , echo not from the ground or the castle , but from the thing that have just fragment in his finger . " it must have be Fiendfyre ! " whimper Hermione , her eye on the break piece . " sorry ? " " Fiendfyre - cursed fire - it be one of the substance that destroy Horcruxes , but I would never , ever have dare use it , it be so dangerous - how do Crabbe know how to - ? " " must have learn from the Carrows , " say Harry grimly . " shame he be n't concentrate when they mention how to stop it , really , " say Ron , whose hair , like Hermione 's , be singe , and whose face be blacken . " if he have n't try to kill us all , I will be quite sorry he be dead . " " but do n't you realize ? " whisper Hermione . " this mean , if we can just get the snake - " but she break off as yell and shout and the unmistakable noise of duel fill the corridor . Harry look around and his heart seem to fail : death eater have penetrate Hogwarts . Fred and Percy have just back into view , both of them duel masked and hooded man . Harry , Ron , and Hermione run forward to help : jet of light fly in every direction and the man duel Percy back off , fast : then his hood slip and they see a high forehead and streaked hair - " hello , Minister ! " bellow Percy , send a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse , who drop his wand and claw at the front of his robe , apparently in awful discomfort . " do I mention I be resign ? " " you be joke , Perce ! " shout Fred as the Death Eater he be battle collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells . Thicknesse have fall to the ground with tiny spike erupt all over him ; he seem to be turn into some form of sea urchin . Fred look at Percy with glee . " you actually be joke , Perce . . . . I do n't think I have hear you joke since you be - " the air explode . they have be group together , Harry , Ron , Hermione , Fred , and Percy , the two death eater at their foot , one stun , the other Transfigured ; and in that fragment of a moment , when danger seem temporarily at bay , the world be rend apart , Harry feel himself fly through the air , and all he could do be hold as tightly as possible to that thin stick of wood that be his one and only weapon , and shield his head in his arm : he hear the scream and yell of his companion without a hope of know what have happen to them - and then the world resolve itself into pain and semidarkness : he be half bury in the wreckage of a corridor that have be subject to a terrible attack . cold air tell him that the side of the castle have be blow away , and hot stickiness on his cheek tell him that he be bleed copiously . then he hear a terrible cry that pull at his inside , that express agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause , and he stand up , sway , more frightened than he have be that day , more frightened , perhaps , than he have be in his life . . . . and Hermione be struggle to her foot in the wreckage , and three redheaded man be group on the ground where the wall have blast apart . Harry grab Hermione 's hand as they stagger and stumble over stone and wood . " no - no - no ! " someone be shout . " no ! Fred ! no ! " and Percy be shake his brother , and Ron be kneel beside them , and Fred 's eye stare without see , the ghost of his last laugh still etch upon his face . Chapter Thirty-Two the Elder Wand the world have end , so why have the battle not cease , the castle fall silent in horror , and every combatant lay down their arm ? Harry 's mind be in free fall , spin out of control , unable to grasp the impossibility , because Fred Weasley could not be dead , the evidence of all his sense must be lie -- and then a body fall past the hole blow into the side of the school and curse fly in at them from the darkness , hit the wall behind their head . " get down ! " Harry shout , as more curse fly through the night : he and Ron have both grab Hermione and pull her to the floor , but Percy lie across Fred 's body , shield it from further harrm , and when Harry shout " Percy , come on , we have get to move ! " he shake his head . " Percy ! " Harry see tear track streak the grime coating ron 's face as he sezied his elder brother 's shoulder and pull , but Percy would not budge . " Percy , you ca n't do anything for him ! we be go to -- " Hermione scream , and Harry , turning , do not need to ask why . a monstrous spider the size of a small car be try to climb through the huge hole in the wall . one of Aragog 's descendant have join the fight . Ron and Harry shout together ; their spell collide and the monster be blow backward , its leg jerk horribly , and vanish into the darkness . " it bring friend ! " Harry call to the other , glance over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall the curse have blast . more giant spider be climb the side of the building , liberate from the Forbidden Forest , into which the Death Eaters must have penetrate . Harry fire Stunning Spells down upon them , knock the lead monster into its fellow , so that they roll back down the building and out of sight . then more curse come soar over Harry 's head , so close he feel the force of them blow his hair . " Let 's move , now ! " push Hermione ahead of him with ron , Harry stoop to seize Fred 's body under the armpit . Percy , realize what Harry be try to do , stop cling to the body and help : together , crouch low to avoid the curse fly at them from the ground , they haul Fred out of the way . " here , " say Harry , and they place him in a niche where a suit of armor have stand earlier . he could not bear to look at Fred a second longer than he have to , and after make sure that the body be well- hide , he take off after ron and Hermione . Malfoy and Goyle have vanish but at the end of the corridor , which be now full of dust and fall masonry , glass long go from window , he see many people run backward and forward , whether friend or foe he could not tell . round the corner , Percy let out a bull-like roar : " Rookwood ! " and sprint off in the direction of a tall man , who be pursue a couple of student . " Harry , in here ! " Hermione scream . she have pull Ron behind a tapestry . they seem to be wrestle together , and for one mad second Harry think that they be embrace again ; then hhe see that Hermione be try to restrain Ron , to stop him run after Percy . " listen to me--LISTEN RON ! " " I wanna help--I wanna kill Death Eaters -- " his face be contort , smear with dust and smoke , and he be shake with rage and grief . " ron , we be the only one who can end it ! Please--ron--we need the snake , we have get to kill the snake ! " say Hermione . but Harry know how Ron feel : pursue another Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge ; he too want to fight , to punish them , the people who have kill Fred , and he want to find the other Weasleys , and above all make sure , make quite sure , that Ginny be not--but he could not permit that idea to form in his mind -- " we will fight ! " Hermione say . " we will have to , to reach the snake ! but let be not lose sight now of what we be suppose to be d-doing ! we be the only one who can end it ! " she be cry too , and she wipe her face on her torn and singe sleeve as she speak , but she take great heave breath to calm herself as , still keep a tight hold on ron , she turn to Harry . " you need to find out where Voldemort be , because he will have the snake with him , wo n't he ? do it , Harry--look inside him ! " why be it so easy ? because his scar have be burn for hour , yearn to show him Voldemort 's thought ? he close his eye on her command , and at once , the scream and bang and all the discordant sound of the battle be drown until they become distant , as though he stand far , far away from them ... he be stand in the middle of a desolate but strangely familiar room , with peel paper on the wall and all the window board up except for one . the sound of the assault on the castle be muffle and distant . the single unblocked window reveal distant burst of light where the castle stand , but inside the room be dark except for a solitary oil lamp . he be roll his wand between his figners , watch it , his thought on the room in the castle , the secret room only he have ever find , the room , like the chamber , that you have to be clever and cunning and inquisitive to discover ... he be confident that the boy would not find the diadem ... although Dumbledore 's puppet have come much farther than he ever expect ... too far ... " My Lord , " say a voice , desperate and crack . he turn : there be Lucius Malfoy sit in the dark corner , ragged and still bear the mark of the punishment he have receive after the boy 's last escape . one of his eye remain closed and puffy . " My Lord ... please ... my son ... " " if your son be dead , Lucius , it be not my fault . he do not come and join me , like the rest of the Slytherins . perhaps he have decide to befriend Harry Potter ? " " No--never , " whisper Malfoy . " you must hope not . " " Aren't--are n't you afraid , my Lord that Potter might die at another hand but yours ? " ask Malfoy , his voice shake . " would n't it be ... forgive me ... more prudent to call off this battle , enter the castle , and seek him y-yourself ? " " do not pretend Lucius . you wish the battle to cease so that you can discover what have happen to your son . and i do not need to seek Potter . before the night be out , Potter will have come to find me . " Voldemort drop his gaze once more to the wand in his finger . it trouble him ... and those thing that trouble Lord Voldemort need to be rearrange ... " go and fetch Snape . " " Snape , m-my Lord ? " " Snape . now . I need him . there be a -- service--I require from him . go . " frightened , stumble a little through the gloom , Lucius leave the room . Vodlemort continue to stand there , twirl the wand between his finger , stare at it . " it be the only way , Nagini , " he whisper , and he look around , and there be the great thick snake , now suspend in midair , twist gracefully within the enchant , protect space he have make for her , a starry , transparent sphere somewhere between a glitter cage and a tank . with a gasp , Harry pull back and open his yees at the same moment his ear be assault with the screech and cry , the smash and bang of battle . " he be in the Shrieking Shack . the snake be with him , it have get some sort of magical protection around it . he be just send Lucius Malfoy to find Snape . " " voldemort be sit in the shriek Shack ? " say Hermione , outrage . " he be not--he be not even FIGHTING ? " " he do n't think he need to fight , " say Harry . " he think I be go to go to him . " " but why ? " " he know I be after Horcruxes--he 's keep Nagini close beside him -obviously I be go to have to go to him to get near the thing -- " " right , " say Ron , square his shoulder . " so you ca n't go , that be what he want , what he be expect . you stay here and look after Hermione , and I will go and get it -- " Harry cut across Ron . " you two stay here , I will go under the Cloak and I will be back as soon as I -- " " no , " say Hermione , , " it make much more sense if I take the cloak and -- " " do n't even think about it , " Ron snarl at her . before Hermione could get farther than " Ron , I be just as capable -- " the tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stand be rip open . " potter ! " two masked Death Eaters stand there , but even before their wand be fully raise , Hermione shout " Glisseo ! " the stair beneath their foot flatteneed into a chute and she , Harry , and Ron hurtle down it , unable to control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters ' Stunning Spells fly far over their head . they shoot through the conceal tapestry at the bottom and spin onto the floor , hit the opposite wall . " duro ! " cry Hermione , point her wand at the tapestry , and there be two loud , sickening crunch as the tapestry turn to stone and the Death Eaters pursue them crumpled against it . " get back ! " shout Ron , and he , Harry , and Hermione hurl themselves against a door as a herd of galloping desk thunder past , shepherdd by a sprint Professor McGonagall . she appear not to notice them . her hair have come down and there be a gash on her cheek . as she turn the corner , they hear her scream , " charge ! " " Harry , you get the Cloak on , " say Hermione . " never mind us -- " but he throw it over all three of them ; large though they be he doubt anyone would see their disembodied foot through the dust that clog the air , the fall stone , the shimmer of spell . they run down the next staircase and find themselves in a corridor full of duelers . the portrait on either side of the fighter be cram with figure scream advice and encouragement , while Death Eaters , both mask and unmask , duel student and teacher . Dean have win himself a wand , for he be face-to-face with Dolohov , Parvati with Travers . Harry , ron and Hermione raise their wand at once , ready to strike , but the duelers be weave and dart so much that there be a strong likelihood of hurt on of their own side if they cast curse . even as they stand brace , look for the opportunity to act , there come a great " Wheeeeee ! " and look up , Harry see Peeves zoom over them , drop Snargaluff pod down onto the Death Eaters , whose head be suddenly engulf in wriggle green tuber like fat worm . " ARGH ! " a fistful of tuber have hit the Cloak over Ron 's head ; the damp green root be suspend improbably in midair as Ron try to shake them loose . " someone be invisible there ! " shout a masked Death Eater , point . Dean make the most of the Death Eater 's momentary distraction , knock him out with a stunning Spell ; Dolohov attempt to retaliate , and Parvati shoot a Body Bind Curse at him . " let be Go ! " Harry yell , and he , Ron , and Hermione gather the Cloak tightly around themselves and pelt , head down , through the midst of the fighter , slip a little in pool of Snargaluff juice , toward the top of the marble staircase into the entrance hall . " I be Draco Malfoy , I be Draco , I be on your side ! " Draco be on the upper landing , plead with anoter mask Death Eater . Harry stun the Death Eater as they pass . Malfoy look around , beam , for his savior , and Ron punch him from under the Cloak . Malfoy fall backward on top of the Death Eater , his mouth bleeding , utterly bemused . " and that be the second time we have save your life tonight , you two- face bastard ! " Ron yell . there be more duelers all over the stair and in the hall . death eater everywhere Harry look : Yaxley , close to the front door , in combat with Flitwick , a masked death eater duel Kingsley right beside them . student run in every direction ; some carry or drag injured friend . Harry direct a Stunnning Spell toward the masked death eater ; it miss but nearly hit Neville , who have emerge from nowhere brandish armful of Venomous Tentacula , which loop itself happily around the near death eater and begin reel him in . Harry , Ron , and Hermione speed win the marble staircase : glass shatter on the left , and the Slytherin hourglass that have record House point spill its emerald everywhere , so that people slip and stagger as they run . two body fall from the balcony overhead as they reach the ground a gray blur that Harry take for an animal speed four-legged across the hall to sink its tooth into one of the fall . " no ! " shriek Hermione , and with a deafen blast from her wand , Fenrir Greyback be throw backward from the feebly struggling body of Lavender Brown . he hit the marble banister and struggle to return to his foot . then , with a bright white flash and a crack , a crystal ball fall on top of his head , and he crumple to the ground and do not move . " I have more ! " shriek Professor Trelawney from over the banisters . " more for any who want them ! here -- " and with a move likea tennis serve , she heave another enormous crystal sphere from her bag , wave her wand through the air , and cause the ball to speed across the hall and smash through a window . at the same moment , the heavy wooden front door burst open , and more of the gigantic spider force their way into the front hall . scream of terror rent the air : the fighter scatter , Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike , and red and green jet of light fly into the midst of the oncoming monster , which shudder and rear , more terrifying than ever . " how do we get out ? " yell ron over all the scream , but before either Harry or Hermione could answer they be bowl aside ; Hagrid have come thunder down the stair , brandish his flowery pink umbrella . " do n't hurt ' em , do n't hurt ' em ! " he yell . " HAGRID , No ! " Harry forget everything else : he sprint out from under the cloak , run bent double to avoid the curse illuminate the whole hall . " HAGRID , Come Back ! " but he be not even halfway to Hagrid when he see it happen : Hagrid vanish amongst the spider , and with a great scurry , a foul swarm movement , they retreat under the onslaught of spell , Hagrid bury in their midst . " HAGRID ! " Harry hear someone call his own name , whether friend or foe he do not care : he be springint down the front step into the dark ground , and the spider be swarm away with their prey , and he could see nothing of Hagrid at all . " HAGRID ! " he think he could make out an enormous arm wave from the mdist of the spider swarm , but as he make to chase after them , his way be impede by a monumental foot , which swing down out of the darkness and make the ground on which he stand shudder . he look up : a giant stand before him , twenty foot high , its head ihidden in shadow , nothing but its treelike , hairy shin illuminate by light from the castle door . with one brutal , fluid movement , it smash a massive fist through an upper window , and glass rain down upon Harryk , force him back under the shelter of the doorway . " oh my -- ! " shriek Hermione , as she and ron catch up with Harry and gaze upward at the giant now try to seize people through the window above . " do N'T ! " ron yell , grab Hermione 's hand as she raise her wand . " stun him and he will crush half the castle -- " " Hagger ? " Grawp come lurch around the corner of the castle ; only dnow do Harry realzie that Grawp be , indeed , an undersized giant . the gargantuan monster try to crush people on the upper floor turn around and let out a rorar . the stone step tremebled as he stomp toward his small kin , and Grawp 's lopsided mouth fall open , show yellow , half brick-sized tooth ; and then they launch themselves at each other with the savagery of lion . " run ! " Harry roar ; the ngiht be full of hideous yell and blow as the giant wrestle , and he seize Hermione 's hand and tear down the step into the ground , Ron bring up the rear . Harry have not lose hope of find and save Hagrid ; he run so fast that they be halfway toward the forest before they be bring up short again . the air around them have freeze : Harry 's breath catch and solidify in his chest . shape move out in the darkness , swirl figure of concentrated blackness , move in a great wave towards the castle , their face hood and their breath rattle ... ron and Hermione close in beside him as the sound of fight behind them grow suddenly muted , deaden , because a silence only dementors could bring be fall thickly through the night , and Fred be go , and Hagrid be suurely die or already dead ... " come on , Harry ! " say Hermione 's voice from a very long way away . " Patronuses , Harry , come on ! " he raise his wand , but a dull hopelessness be spread throughout him : how many more lie dead that he do not yet know about ? he feel as though his soul have already half leave his body ... . " harry , Come ON ! " scream Hermione . a hundred dementors be advance , glide toward them , suck their way closer to Harry 's despair , which be like a promise of a feast ... he see Ron 's silver terrier burst into the air , flicker feebly , and expire ; he see Hermione 's otter twist in midair and fade , and his own wand tremble in his hand , and he almost welcome the oncoming oblivion , the promise of nothing , of no feeling ... and then a silver hare , a boar , and fox soar past Harry , Ron , and Hermione 's head : the dementors fall back before the creature ' approach . three more people have arrive out of the darkness to stand beside them , their wand outstretch , continue to cast Patronuses : Luna , Ernie , and Seamus . " that be right , " say Luna encouragingly , as if they be back in the Room of Requirement and this be simply spell practice for the D.A. , " that be right , Harry ... come on think of something happy ... " ' something happy ? " he say , his voice crack . " we be all still here , " she whisper , " we ; re still fight . come on , now ... . " there be a silver spark , then a wavering light , and then , with the great effort it have ever cost him the stag burst from the end of Harry 's wand . it canter forward , and now the dementors scatter in earnest , and immediately the night be mild again , but the sound of the surrounding battle be loud in his ear . " can n't thank you enough , " say ron shakily , turn to Luna , Ernie , and Seamus " you just save -- " with a roar and an earth-quaking tremor , another giant come lurch out of the darkness from the direction of the forest , brandish a club tall than any of them . " run ! " Harry shout again , but the other need no tell ; they all scattered , and not a second too soon , for the next moment the creature 's vast foot have fall exactly where they have be stand . Harry look round : ron and Hermione be follow him , but the other three have vanish back into the battle . " let be get out of range ! " yell Ron as the giant swing its club again and its bellow echo through the night , across the ground wehere burst of red and green light continue to illuminate the darkness . " the Whomping willow , " say Harry , " go ! " somehow he wall it all up in his mind , cram it into a small space into which he could not look now : thought of Fred and Hagrid , and his terror for all the people he love , scatter in and outside the castle , must all wait , because they have to run , have to reach the snake and Voldemort , because that be , as Hermione say , the only way to end it -- he sprint , half-believing he could outdistance death itself , ignore the jet of light fly in the darkness all around him , and the sound of hte lake crash like the sea , and the creak of the Forbidden Forest though the night be windless ; through ground that seem themselves to have rise in rebellion , he run faster than he have ever move in his life , and it be he who see the great tree first , the Willow that protect the secret at its root with whiplike , slash branch . pant and gasp , Harry slow down , skirt the willow 's swipe branch , peer through the darkness toward its tick trunk , try to see the single knot in the bark of the old tree that would paralyze it . Ron and Hermione catch up , Hermione so out of breath that she could not speak . " How--how be we go to get in ? " pant ron . " I can--see the palce- -if we jsut had--Crookshanks again -- " " Crookshanks ? " wheeze Hermione , bend double , clutch her chest . " be you a wizard , or what ? " " Oh--right--yeah -- " Ron look around , then direct his wand at a twig on the ground and say " Winguardium Leviosa ! " the twig fly up from the gruond , spin through the air as if catch by a gust of wind , then zoom directly at the trunk through the Willow be ominously sway branch . it jab at a place near the root , and at once , the writhe tree become still . " perfect ! " pant Hermione . " wait . " for one teeter second , while the crash and boom of the battle fill the air , Harry hesitate . Voldemort want him to do this , want him to come ... be he lead Ron and Hermione into a trap ? but the reality seem to close upon him , cruel and plain : the only way forward be to kill the snake , and the snake be where Voldemort be , and voldemort be at the end of this tunnel ... " Harry , we be come , just get in there ! " say Ron , push him forward . Harry wriggle into the earthy passage hide in the tree 's root . it be a much tight squeeze than it have be the last time they have enter it . the tunnel be low-ceilinged : they have have to double up to move throuhgh it nearly four year previously ; now there be nothing for it but to crawl . Harry go first , his wand illuminate , expect at any moment to meet barrier , but none come . they move in silence , Harry 's gaze fix upon the swing beam of the wand hold in his fist . at last , the tunnel begin to slope upward and Harry see a sliver of light ahead . Hermione tug at his ankle . " the Cloak ! " she whisper . " put the Cloak on ! " he grope behind him and she force the bundle of slippery cloth into his free hand . with difficulty he drag it over himself , murmered , " Nox , " extinguish his wandlight , and continue on his hand and knee , as silently as possible , all his sense straining , expect every second to be discover , to hear a cold clear voice , see a flash of green light . and then he hear voice come from the room directly ahead of them , only slightly muffle by the fact that the opening at the endo fht etuunnel have be block up by what look like an old crate . hardly daring to breathe , Harry edge right up tot he opening and peer through a tiny gap leave between crate and wall . the room beyond be dimly light , but he could see Nagini , swirlign and coil like a serpent underwater , safe in her enchant , starry sphere , which float unsupported in midair . he could see the edge of a table , and a long-fingered white hand toy with a wand . then Snape speak , and Harry 's heart lurch : Snape be inch away from where he crouch , hide . " ... my Lord , their resistance be crumble -- " " -- and it be do so without your help , " say Voldemort in his high , clear voice . " skilled wizard though you be , Severus , I do not think you will make much difference now . we be almost there ... almost . " " let me find the boy . let me bring you Potter . I know I can find him , my Lord . please . " Snape stride past the gap , and Harry draw back a little , keep his eye fix upon Nagini , wonder whether there be any spell that might penetrate the protection surround her , but he could not think of anything . one failed attempt , and he would give away his position ... Voldemort stand up . Harry could see him now , see the red eye , the flatten , serpentine face , the pallor of him gleam slightly in the semidarkness . " I have a problem , Severus , " say Voldemort softly . " My Lord ? " say Snape . Voldemort raise the Elder Wand , hold it as delicately and precisely as a conductor 's baton . " why do n't it work for me , Severus ? " in the silence Harry imagine he could hear the snake hiss slightly as it coil and uncoiled--or be it Voldemort 's sibilant sigh linger on the air ? " My--my lord ? " say Snape blankly . " I do not understand . You--you have perform extraordinary magic with that wand . " " no , " say Voldemort . " I have perform my usual magic . I be extraordinary , but this wand ... no . it have not reveal the wonder it have promise . I feel no difference between this wand and the one I procure from Ollivander all those year ago . " Voldemort 's tone be muse , calm , but Harry 's scar have begin to throb and pulse : pain be build in his forehead , and he could feel that control sense of fury building inside Voldemort . " no difference , " say Voldemort again . Snape do not speak . Harry could not see his face . he wonder whether Snape sense danger , be try to find the right word to reassure his master . Voldemort start to move around the room : Harry lose sight of him for second as he prowl , speak in that same measured voice , while the pain and fury mount in Harry . " I have think long and hard , Severus ... do you know why I have call you back from battle ? " and for a moment Harry see Snape 's profile . his eye be fix upon the coil snake in its enchant cage . " no , my Lord , but I beg you will let me return . let me find Potter . " " you sound like Lucius . neither of you understand Potter as I do . he do not need finding . Potter will come to me . I know his weakness you see , his one great flaw . he will hate watch the other strike down around him , knwoing that it be for him that it happen . he will want to stop it at any cost . he will come . " " but my Lord , he might be kill accidentally by someone other than yourself--"\ " my instruction to the death eater have be perfectly clear . capture Potter . kill his friends--the more , the better--but do not kill him . " but it be of you that I wish to speak , Severus , not Harry Potter . you have be very valuable to me . very valuable . " " My Lord know I seek only to serve him . But--let me go and find the boy , my Lord . let me bring him to you . I know I can -- " " I have tell you , no ! " say Voldemort , and Harry catch the lgint of red in his eye as he turn again , and the swish of his cloak be like the slither of a snake , and he feel Voldemort 's impatience in his burning scar . " my concern at the moment , Severus , be what will happen when I finally meet the boy ! " " my Lord , there can be no question , surely -- ? " " -- but there be a question , Severus . there be . " Voldemort halt , and Harry could see him plainly again as he slide the Elder Wand through his white finger , stare at Snape . " why do both the wand I have use fail when direct at Harry Potter ? " " I--I can answer that , my Lord . " " can n't you ? " the stab of rage feel like a spike drive through Harry 's head : he force his own fist into his mouth to stop himself from cry out in pain . he close his eye , and suddenly he be Voldemort , look into Snape 's pale face . " my wand of yew do everything of which I ask it , Severus , except to kill Harry Potter . twice it fail . Ollivander tell me under torture of the twin core , tell me to take another be wand . I do so , but Lucius 's wand shatter upon meet Potter 's . " " I--I have no explanation , my Lord . " Snape be not look at Voldemort now . his dark eye be still fix upon the coil serpent in its protective sphere . " I seek a third wand , Severus . the Elder Wand , the Wand of Destiny , the Deathstick . I take it from its previous master . I take it from the grfave of Albus Dumbledore . " and now Snape look at Voldemort , and Snape 's face be like a death mask . it be marble white and so still that when he speak , it be a shock to see that anyone live behind the blank eye . " my Lord--let me go to the boy -- " " all this long night when I be on the brink of victory , I have sit here , " say Voldemort , his voice barely louder than a whisper , " wonder , wonder , why the Elder Wand refuse to be what it ought to be , refuse to perform as legend say it must perform for its rightful owner ... and I think I have the answer . " Snape do not speak . " perhaps you already know it ? you be a clever man , after all , Severus . you have be a good and faithful servant , and I regret what must happen . " " My Lord -- " " the Elder Wand can serve me properly , Severus , because I be not its true master . the Elder Wand belong to the wizard who kill its last owner . you kill Albus Dumbledore . while you live , Severus , the Elder Wand can truly be mine . " " My Lord ! " Snape protest , raise his wand . " it can be any other way , " say Voldemort . " I must master the wand , Severus . master the wand , and I master Potter at last . " and Voldemort swipe the air with the Elder Wand . it do nothing to Sanpe , who for a split second seem to think he have be reprieve : but then Voldemort 's intention become clear . the snake 's cage be roll through the air , and before Snape could do anything more than yell , it have encase him , head and shoulder , and Voldemort speak in Parseltongue . " kill . " there be a terrible scream . Harry see Snape 's face lose the little color it have leave ; it whiten as his black eye widen , as the snake 's fang pierce his neck , as he fail to push the enchant cage off himself , as his knee give way and he fall to the floor . " I regret it , " say Voldemort coldly . he turn away ; there be no sadness in him , no remorse . it be time to leave this shack and take charge , with a wand that would now do his full bidding . he point it at the starry cage hold the snake , which drift upward , off snape , who fall sideways onto the floor , blood gush from the wound in his neck . Voldemort sweep from the room without a backward glance , and the great serpent float after him in its huge protective sphere . back in the tunnel and his own mind , Harry open his eye ; he have draw blood bite down on his knuckle in an effort not to shout out . now he be look through the tiny crack between crate and wall , watch a foot in a black boot tremble on the floor . " Harry ! " breathe Hermione behind him , but he have already point his wand at the crate block his view . it lift an inch into the air and drift sideways silently . as quietly as he could , he pull himself up into the room . he do not know why he be do it , why he be approach the die man : he do not know what he feel as he see Snape 's white face , adn the finger try to staunch the bloody wound at his neck . Harry take off the invisibility cloak and look down upon the man he hate , whose widen black eye find Harry as he cry to speak . Harry bend over him , and Snape seize the front of his robe and pull him close . a terrible rasping , gurgle noise issue from Snape 's throat . " take ... it ... take ... it ... " something more than blood be leak from Snape . silvery blue , neither gas nor liquid , it gush form his mouth and his ear and his eye , and Harry know what it be , but do not know what to do -- a flask , conjure from thin air , be thrust into his shake hand by Hermione . Harry lfited the silvery substance into it with his wand . when the falsk be full to the brim , and Snape look as though there be no blood leave in him , his grip on Harry 's robe slacken . " look ... at ... .me ... " he whisper . the green eye find the black , but after a second , something in the depth of the dark pari seem to vanish , leave them fix , blank , and empty . the hand holding Harry thud to the floor , and Snape move no more . Chapter Thirty-Three The Prince 's Tale Harry remain kneel at Snape 's side , simply stare down at him , until quite suddenly a high , cold voice speak so close to them that Harry jump on his foot , the flask grip tightly in his hand , think that Voldemort have reenter the room . Voldemort 's voice reverberate from the wall and floor , and Harry realize that he be talk to Hogwarts and to all the surround area , that the resident of Hogsmeade and all those still fight in the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stand beside them , his breath on the back of their neck , a deathblow away . " you have fight , " say the high , cold voice , " valiantly . Lord Voldemort know how to value bravery . " yet you have sustain heavy loss . if you continue to resist me , you will all die , one by one . I do not wish this to happen . every drop of magical blood spill be a loss and a waste . " Lord Voldemort be merciful . I command my force to retreat immediately . " you have one hour . dispose of your dead with dignity . treat your injured . " I speak now , Harry Potter , directly to you . you have permit your friend to die for you rather than face me yourself . I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest . if , at the end of that hour , you have not come to me , have not give yourself up , then battle recommences . this time , I shall enter the fray myself , Harry Potter , and I shall find you , and I shall punish every last man , woman , and child who have try to conceal you from me . one hour . " both Ron and Hermione shake their head frantically , look at Harry . " do n't listen to him , " say Ron . " it will be all right , " say Hermione wildly . " let be - let be get back to the castle , if he be go to the forest we will need to think of a new plan - " she glance at Snape 's body , then hurry back to the tunnel entrance . Ron follow her . Harry gather up the Invisibility Cloak , then look down at Snape . he do not know what to feel , except shock at the way Snape have be kill , and the reason for which it have be do … they crawl back through the tunnel , none of them talk , and Harry wonder whether Ron and Hermione could still hear Voldemort ring in their head as he could . you have permit your friend to die for you rather than face me yourself . I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest…One hour … small bundle seem to litter the lawn at the front of the castle ( ? ) . it could only be an hour or so from dawn , yet it be pitch-black . the three of them hurry toward the stone step . a lone dog , the size of a small boat , lie abandon in front of them . there be no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker . the castle be unnaturally silent . there be no flash of light now , no bang or scream or shout . the flagstone of the desert entrance hall be stain with blood . emerald be still scatter all over the floor , along with piece of marble and splinter wood . part of the banister have be blow away . " where be everyone ? " whisper Hermione . Ron lead the way to the Great Hall . Harry stop in the doorway . the House table be go and the room be crowd . the survivor stand in group , their arm around each other 's neck . the injured be be treat upon the raise platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helper . Firenze be amongst the injured ; his flank pour blood and he shake where he lie , unable to stand . the dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall . Harry could not see Fred 's body , because his family surround him . George be kneel at his head ; Mrs. Weasley be lie across Fred 's chest , her body shake . Mr. Weasley stroke her hair while tear cascade down his cheek . without a word to Harry , Ron and Hermione walk away . Harry see Hermione approach Ginny , whose face be swollen and blotchy , and hug her . Ron join Bill , Fleur , and Percy , who fling an arm around Ron 's shoulder . as Ginny and Hermione move closer to the rest of the family , Harry have a clear view of the body lie next to Fred . Remus and Tonks , pale and still and peaceful-looking , apparently asleep beneath the dark , enchant ceiling . the Great Hall seem to fly away , become small , shrink , as Harry reel backward from the doorway . he could not draw breath . he could not bear to look at any of the other body , to see who else have die for him . he could not bear to join the Weasleys , could not look into their eye , when if he have give himself up in the first place , Fred might never have die … he turn away and run up the marble staircase . lupin , Tonks … he yearn not to feel … he wish he could rip out his heart , his innards , everything that be scream inside him … the castle be completely empty ; even the ghost seem to have join the mass mourning in the Great Hall . Harry run without stopping , clutch the crystal flask of Snape 's last thought , and he do not slow down until he reach the stone gargoyle guard the headmaster 's office . " password ? " " Dumbledore ! " say Harry without think , because it be he whom he yearn to see , and to his surprise the gargoyle slide aside reveal the spiral staircase behind . but when Harry burst into the circular office he find a change . the portrait that hang all around the wall be empty . not a single headmaster or headmistress remain to see him ; all , it seem , have flit away , charge through the painting that line the castle so that they could have a clear view of what be go on . Harry glance hopelessly at Dumbledore 's desert frame , which hang directly behind the headmaster 's chair , then turn his back on it . the stone Pensieve lie in the cabinet where it have always be . Harry heave it onto the desk and pour Snape 's memory into the wide basin with its runic marking around the edge . to escape into someone else 's head would be a blessed relief … nothing that even Snape have leave him could be bad than his own thought . the memory swirl , silver white and strange , and without hesitate , with a feeling of reckless abandonment , as though this would assuage his torture grief , Harry dive . he fall headlong into sunlight , and his foot find warm ground . when he straighten up , he see that he be in a nearly desert playground . a single huge chimney dominate the distant skyline . two girl be swing backward and forward , and a skinny boy be watch them from behind a clump of bush . his black hair be overlong and his clothes be so mismatch that it look deliberate : too short jean , a shabby , overlarge coat that might have belong to a grow man , an odd smocklike shirt . Harry move closer to the boy . Snape look no more than nine or ten year old , sallow , small , stringy . there be undisguised greed in his thin face as he watch the young of the two girl swing high and high than her sister . " Lily , do n't do it ! " shriek the elder of the two . but the girl have let go of the swing at the very height of its arc and flow into the air , quite literally flow , launch herself skyward with a great shout of laughter , and instead of crumple on the playground asphalt , she soar like a trapeze artist through the air , stay up far too long , land far too lightly . " mummy tell you not to ! " Petunia stop her swing by drag the heel of her sandal on the ground , make a crunch , grind sound , then leap up , hand on hip . " mummy say you be n't allow , Lily ! " " but I be fine , " say Lily , still giggle . " Tuney , look at this . watch what I can do . " Petunia glance around . the playground be desert apart from themselves and , though the girl do not know it , Snape . Lily have pick up a fall flower from the bush behind which Snape lurk . Petunia advance , evidently tear between curiosity and disapproval . Lily wait until Petunia be near enough to have a clear view , then hold out her palm . the flower sit there , open and close its petal , like some bizarre , many-lipped oyster . " stop it ! " shriek Petunia . " it be not hurt you , " say Lily , but she close her hand on the blossom and throw it back to the ground . " it be not right , " say Petunia , but her eye have follow the flower 's flight to the ground and linger upon it . " how do you do it ? " she add , and there be definite longing in her voice . " it be obvious , be n't it ? " Snape could no longer contain himself , but have jump out from behind the bush . Petunia shriek and run backward toward the swing , but Lily , though clearly startle , remain where she be . Snape seem to regret his appearance . a dull flush of color mount the sallow cheek as he look at Lily . " what be obvious ? " ask Lily . Snape have an air of nervous excitement . with a glance at the distant Petunia , now hover beside the swing , he lower his voice and say , " I know what you be . " " what do you mean ? " " You're…you be a witch , " whisper Snape . she look affront . " that be not a very nice thing to say to somebody ! " she turn , nose in the air , and march off toward her sister . " no ! " say Snape . he be highly color now , and Harry wonder why he do not take off the ridiculously large coat , unless it be because he do not want to reveal the smock beneath it . he flap after the girl , look ludicrously batlike , like his old self . the sister consider him , unite in disapproval , both hold on to one of the swing pole , as though it be the safe place in tag . " you , " say Snape to Lily . " you be a witch . I have be watch you for a while . but there be nothing wrong with that . my mum 's one , and I be a wizard . " Petunia 's laugh be like cold water . " wizard ! " she shriek , her courage return now that she have recover from the shock of his unexpected appearance . " I know who you be . you be that Snape boy ! they live down Spinner 's end by the river , " she tell Lily , and it be evident from her tone that she consider the address a poor recommendation . " why have you be spy on us ? " " have n't be spy , " say Snape , hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight . " would n't spy on you , anyway , " he add spitefully , " you be a Muggle . " though Petunia evidently do not understand the word , she could hardly mistake the tone . " Lily , come on , we be leave ! " she say shrilly . Lily obey her sister at once , glaring at Snape as she leave . he stand watch them as they march through the playground gate , and Harry , the only one leave to observe him , recognize Snape 's bitter disappointment , and understand that Snape have be plan this moment for a while , and that it have all go wrong … the scene dissolve , and before Harry know it , re-form around him . he be now in a small thicket of tree . he could see a sunlit river glitter through their trunk . the shadow cast by the tree make a basin of cool green shade . two child sit face each other , cross-legged on the ground . Snape have remove his coat now ; his odd smock look less pecular in the half light . " …and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school , you get letter . " " but I do magic outside school ! " " we be all right . we have n't get wand yet . they let you off when you be a kid and you ca n't help it . but once you be eleven , " he nod importantly , " and they start train you , then you have get to go careful . " there be a little silence . Lily have pick up a fall twig and twirl it in the air , and Harry know that she be imagine spark trail from it . then she drop the twig , lean in toward the boy , and say , " it be real , be n't it ? it be not a joke ? Petunia say you be lie to me . Petunia say there be n't a Hogwarts . it be real , be n't it ? " " it be real for us , " say Snape . " not for her . but we will get the letter , you and me . " " really ? " whisper Lily . " definitely , " say Snape , and even with his poorly cut hair and his odd clothes , he strike an oddly impressive figure sprawl in front of her , brimful of confidence in his destiny . " and will it really come by owl ? " Lily whisper . " normally , " say Snape . " but you be Muggle-born , so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parent . " " do it make a difference , be Muggle-born ? " Snape hesitate . his black eye , eager in the greenish gloom , move over the pale face , the dark red hair . " no , " he say . " it do n't make any difference . " " good , " say Lily , relax . it be clear that she have be worry . " you have get load of magic , " say Snape . " I see that . all the time I be watch you … " his voice trail away ; she be not listen , but have stretch out on the leafy ground and be look up at the canopy of leaf overhead . he watch her as greedily as he have watch her in the playground . " how be thing at your house ? " Lily ask . a little crease appear between his eye . " fine , " he say . " they be not argue anymore ? " " oh yes , they be argue , " say Snape . he pick up a fistful of leaf and begin tear them apart , apparently unaware of what he be do . " but it wo n't be that long and I will be go . " " do n't your dad like magic ? " " he do n't like anything , much , " say Snape . " Severus ? " a little smile twist Snape 's mouth when she say his name . " yeah ? " " tell me about the dementors again . " " what d'you want to know about them for ? " " if I use magic outside school - " " they would n't give you to the dementors for that ! Dementors be for people who do really bad stuff . they guard the wizard prison , Azkaban . you be not go to end up in Azkaban , you be too - " he turn red again and shred more leaf . then a small rustle noise behind Harry make him turn : Petunia , hiding behind a tree , have lose her footing . " Tuney ! " say Lily , surprise and welcome in her voice , but Snape have jump to his foot . " who be spy now ? " he shout . " what d'you want ? " Petunia be breathless , alarm at be catch . Harry could see her struggle for something hurtful to say . " what be that you be wear , anyway ? " she say , point at Snape 's chest . " your mum 's blouse ? " there be a crack . a branch over Petunia 's head have fall . Lily scream . the branch catch Petunia on the shoulder , and she stagger backward and burst into tear . " Tuney ! " but Petunia be run away . Lily round on Snape . " do you make that happen ? " " No. " he look both defiant and scared . " you do ! " she be back away from him . " you do ! you hurt her ! " " no - no , I do n't ! " but the lie do not convince Lily . after one last burning look , she run from the little thicket , off after her sister , and Snape look miserable and confused … and the scene re-form . Harry look around . he be on platform nine and three quarter , and Snape stand beside him , slightly hunch , next to a thin , sallow-faced , sour-looking woman who greatly resemble him . Snape be stare at a family of four a short distance away . the two girl stand a little apart from their parent . Lily seem to be plead with her sister . Harry move closer to listen . " …I be sorry , Tuney , I be sorry ! listen - " she catch her sister 's hand and hold tight to it , even though Petunia try to pull it away . " maybe once I be there - no , listen , Tuney ! maybe once I be there , I will be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind ! " " I do n't - want - to - go ! " say Petunia , and she drag her hand back out of her sister 's grasp . " you think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a - a … " her pale eye roved over the platform , over the cat mewl in their owner ' arm , over the owl , flutter and hoot at each other in cage , over the student , some already in their long black robe , load trunk onto the scarlet steam engine or else greet one another with glad cry after a summer apart . " - you think I want to be a - a freak ? " Lily 's eye fill with tear as Petunia succeed in tug her hand away . " I be not a freak , " say Lily . " that be a horrible thing to say . " " that be where you be go , " say Petunia with relish . " a special school for freak . you and that Snape boy…weirdos , that be what you two be . it be good you be be separate from normal people . it be for our safety . " Lily glance toward her parent , who be look around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment , drink in the scene . then she look back at her sister , and her voice be low and fierce . " you do n't think it be such a freak 's school when you write to the headmaster and beg him to take you . " Petunia turn scarlet . " beg ? I do n't beg ! " " I see his reply . it be very kind . " " you should n't have read - " whisper Petunia , " that be my private - how could you - ? " Lily give herself away by half-glancing toward where Snape stand nearby . Petunia gasp . " that boy find it ! you and that boy have be sneak in my room ! " " no - not sneak - " now Lily be on the defensive . " Severus see the envelope , and he could n't believe a Muggle could have contact Hogwarts , that be all ! he say there must be wizard work undercover in the postal service who take care of - " " apparently wizard poke their nose in everywhere ! " say Petunia , now as pale as she have be flush . " freak ! " she spit at her sister , and she flounce off to where her parent stand … the scene dissolve again . Snape be hurry along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clatter through the countryside . he have already change into his school robe , have perhaps take the first opportunity to take off his dreadful Muggle clothes . at last he stop , outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boy be talk . hunch in a corner seat beside the window be Lily , her face press against the windowpane . Snape slide open the compartment door and sit down opposite Lily . she glance at him and then look back out of the window . she have be cry . " I do n't want to talk to you , " she say in a constrict voice . " why not ? " " Tuney h-hates me . because we see that letter from Dumbledore . " " so what ? " she throw him a look of deep dislike . " so she be my sister ! " " she be only a - " he catch himself quickly ; Lily , too busy try to wipe her eye without be notice , do not hear him . " but we be go ! " he say , unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice . " this be it ! we be off to Hogwarts ! " she nod , mop her eye , but in spite of herself , she half smile . " you will well be in Slytherin , " say Snape , encourage that she have brighten a little . " Slytherin ? " one of the boy share the compartment , who have show no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point , look around at the word , and Harry , whose attention have be focus entirely on the two beside the window , see his father : slight , black-haired like Snape , but with that indefinable air of have be well-cared-for , even adore , that Snape so conspicuously lack . " who want to be in Slytherin ? I think I will leave , would n't you ? " James ask the boy lounge on the seat opposite him , and with a jolt , Harry realize that it be Sirius . Sirius do not smile . " my whole family have be in Slytherin , " he say . " Blimey , " say James , " and I think you seem all right ! " Sirius grin . " maybe I will break the tradition . where be you head , if you have get the choice ? " James lift an invisible sword . " ' Gryffindor , where dwell the brave at heart ! ' like my dad . " Snape make a small , disparage noise . James turn on him . " get a problem with that ? " " no , " say Snape , though his slight sneer say otherwise . " if you will rather be brawny than brainy - " " where be you hope to go , see as you be neither ? " interject Sirius . James roar with laughter . Lily sit up , rather flush , and look from James to Sirius in dislike . " come on , Severus , let be find another compartment . " " Oooooo … " James and Sirius imitate her lofty voice ; James try to trip Snape as he pass . " See Ya , Snivellus ! " a voice call , as the compartment door slam … and the scene dissolve once more … Harry be stand right behind Snape as they face the candlelit House table , line with rapt face . then Professor McGonagall say , " Evans , Lily ! " he watch his mother walk forward on tremble leg and sit down upon the rickety stool . Professor McGonagall drop the Sorting Hat onto her head , and barely a second after it have touch the dark red hair , the hat cry , " Gryffindor ! " Harry hear Snape let out a tiny groan . Lily take off the hat , hand it back to Professor McGonagall , then hurry toward the cheer Gryffindors , but as she go she glance back at Snape , and there be a sad little smile on her face . Harry see Sirius move up the bench to make room for her . she take one look at him , seem to recognize him from the train , fold her arm , and firmly turn her back on him . the roll call continue . Harry watch Lupin , Pettigrew , and his father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table . at last , when only a dozen student remain to be sort , Professor McGonagall call Snape . Harry walk with him to the stool , watch him place the hat upon his head . " Slytherin ! " cry the Sorting Hat . and Severus Snape move off to the other side of the Hall , away from Lily , to where the Slytherins be cheer him , to where Lucius Malfoy , a prefect badge gleam upon his chest , pat Snape on the back as he sit down beside him … and the scene change … Lily and Snape be walk across the castle courtyard , evidently argue . Harry hurry to catch up with them , to listen in . as he reach them , he realize how much tall they both be . a few year seem to have pass since their Sorting . " …thought we be suppose to be friend ? " Snape be say , " Best friend ? " " we , Sev , but I do n't like some of the people you be hang round with ! I be sorry , but I detest Avery and Mulciber ! Mulciber ! what do you see in him , Sev , he be creepy ! D'you know what he try to do to Mary Macdonald the other day ? " Lily have reach a pillar and lean against it , look up into the thin , sallow face . " that be nothing , " say Snape . " it be a laugh , that be all - " " it be Dark Magic , and if you think that be funny - " " what about the stuff Potter and his mate get up to ? " demand Snape . his color rise again as he say it , unable , it seem , to hold in his resentment . " what be Potter get to do with anything ? " say Lily . " they sneak out at night . there be something weird about that Lupin . where do he keep go ? " " he be ill , " say Lily . " they say he be ill - " " Every month at the full moon ? " say Snape . " I know your theory , " say Lily , and she sound cold . " why be you so obsessed with them anyway ? why do you care what they be do at night ? " " I be just try to show you they be not as wonderful as everyone seem to think they be . " the intensity of his gaze make her blush . " they do n't use Dark Magic , though . " she drop her voice . " and you be be really ungrateful . I hear what happen the other night . you go sneak down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow , and James Potter save you from whatever be down there - " Snape 's whole face contort and he splutter , " Saved ? save ? you think he be play the hero ? he be save his neck and his friend ' too ! you be not go to - I wo n't let you - " " let me ? let me ? " Lily 's bright green eye be slit . Snape backtrack at once . " I do n't m ean - I just do n't want to see you make a fool of - he fancy you , James Potter fancy you ! " the word seem wrench from him against his will . " and he be not…everyone thinks…big Quidditch hero - " Snape 's bitterness and dislike be render him incoherent , and Lily 's eyebrow be travel farther and farther up her forehead . " I know James Potter be an arrogant toerag , " she say , cut across Snape . " I do n't need you to tell me that . but Mulciber 's and Avery 's idea of humor be just evil . evil , Sev . I do n't understand how you can be friend with them . " Harry doubt that Snape have even hear her stricture on Mulciber and Avery . the moment she have insult James Potter , his whole body have relax , and as they walk away there be a new spring in Snape 's step … and the scene dissolve … Harry watch again as Snape leave the Great Hall after sit his O.W.L. in Defense against the Dark Arts , watch as he wander away from the castle and stray inadvertently close to the place beneath the beech tree where James , Sirius , Lupin , and Pettigrew sit together . but Harry keep his distance this time , because he know what happen after James have hoist Severus into the air and taunt him ; he know what have be do and say , and it give him no pleasure to hear it again … he watch as Lily join the group and go to Snape 's defense . distantly he hear Snape shout at her in his humiliation and his fury , the unforgivable word : " Mudblood . " the scene change … " I be sorry . " " I be not interested . " " I be sorry ! " " save your breath " it be nighttime . Lily , who be wear a dress gown , stand with her arm fold in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady , at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower . " I only come out because Mary tell me you be threaten to sleep here . " " I be . I would have do . I never mean to call you Mudblood , it just - " " slip out ? " there be no pity in Lily 's voice . " it be too late . I have make excuse for you for year . none of my friend can understand why I even talk to you . you and your precious little death eater friend - you see , you do n't even deny it ! you do n't even deny that be what you be all aim to be ! you ca n't wait to join You-Know-Who , can you ? " he open his mouth , but close it without speak . " I ca n't pretend anymore . you have choose your way , I have choose mine . " " no - listen , I do n't mean - " " - to call me Mudblood ? but you call everyone of my birth Mudblood , Severus . why should I be any different ? " he struggle on the verge of speech , but with a contemptuous look she turn and climb back through the portrait hole … the corridor dissolve , and the scene take a little longer to reform : Harry seem to fly through shift shape and color until his surroundings solidify again and he stand on a hilltop , forlorn and cold in the darkness , the wind whistle through the branch of a few leafless tree . the adult Snape be pant , turn on the spot , his wand grip tightly in his hand , wait for something or for someone … his fear infect Harry too , even though he know that he could not be harm , and he look over his shoulder , wonder what it be that Snape be wait for - then a blinding , jagged jet of white light fly through the air . Harry think of lightning , but Snape have drop to his knee and his wand have flow out of his hand . " do n't kill me ! " " that be not my intention . " any sound of Dumbledore Apparating have be drown by the sound of the wind in the branch . he stand before Snape with his robe whip around him , and his face be illuminate from below in the light cast by his wand . " well , Severus ? what message do Lord Voldemort have for me ? " " no - no message - I be here on my own account ! " Snape be wring his hand . he look a little mad , with his straggle black hair fly around him . " I - I come with a warning - no , a request - please - " Dumbledore flick his wand . though leaf and branch still fly through the night air around them , silence fall on the spot where he and Snape face each other . " what request could a Death Eater make of me ? " " the - the prophecy…the prediction…Trelawney … " " ah , yes , " say Dumbledore . " how much do you relay to Lord Voldemort ? " " everything - everything I hear ! " say Snape . " that be why - it be for that reason - he think it mean Lily Evans ! " " the prophecy do not refer to a woman , " say Dumbledore . " it speak of a boy bear at the end of July - " " you know what I mean ! he think it mean her son , he be go to hunt her down - kill them all - " " if she mean so much to you , " say Dumbledore , " surely Lord Voldemort will spare her ? could you not ask for mercy for the mother , in exchange for the son ? " " I have - I have ask him - " " you disgust me , " say Dumbledore , and Harry have never hear so much contempt in his voice . Snape seem to shrink a little , " you do not care , then , about the death of her husband and child ? they can die , as long as you have what you want ? " Snape say nothing , but merely look up at Dumbledore . " hide them all , then , " he croak . " keep her - them - safe . please . " " and what will you give me in return , Severus ? " " in - in return ? " Snape gape at Dumbledore , and Harry expect him to protest , but after a long moment he say , " Anything . " the hilltop fade , and Harry stand in Dumbledore 's office , and something be make a terrible sound , like a wounded animal . Snape be slump forward in a chair and Dumbledore be stand over him , look grim . after a moment or two , Snape raise his face , and he look like a man who have live a hundred year of misery since leave the wild hilltop . " I thought…you be going…to keep her…safe … " " she and James put their faith in the wrong person , " say Dumbledore . " rather like you , Severus . be n't you hope that Lord Voldemort would spare her ? " Snape 's breathing be shallow . " her boy survive , " say Dumbledore . with a tiny jerk of the head , Snape seem to flick off an irksome fly . " her son life . he have her eye , precisely her eye . you remember the shape and color of Lily Evans 's eye , I be sure ? " " do N'T ! " bellow Snape . " Gone…dead … " " be this remorse , Severus ? " " I wish…I wish be dead … " " and what use would that be to anyone ? " say Dumbledore coldly . " if you love Lily Evans , if you truly love her , then your way forward be clear . " Snape seem to peer through a haze of pain , and Dumbledore 's word appear to take a long time to reach him . " what - what do you mean ? " " you know how and why she die . make sure it be not in vain . help me protect Lily 's son . " " he do not need protection . the Dark Lord have go - " " the Dark Lord will return , and Harry Potter will be in terrible danger when he do . " there be a long pause , and slowly Snape regain control of himself , master his own breathing . at last he say , " Very well . very well . but never - never tell , Dumbledore ! this must be between us ! swear it ! I can bear…especially Potter 's son…I want your word ! " " my word , Severus , that I shall never reveal the good of you ? " Dumbledore sigh , look down into Snape 's ferocious , anguish face . " if you insist … " the office dissolve but re-form instantly . Snape be pace up and down in front of Dumbledore . " - mediocre , arrogant as his father , a determine rule-breaker , delight to find himself famous , attention-seeking and impertinent - " " you see what you expect to see , Severus , " say Dumbledore , without raise his eye from a copy of transfiguration today . " other teacher report that the boy be modest , likable , and reasonably talented . personally , I find him an engaging child . " Dumbledore turn a page , and say , without look up , " keep an eye on Quirrell , wo n't you ? " a whirl of color , and now everything darken , and Snape and Dumbledore stand a little apart in the entrance hall , while the last straggler from the Yule Ball pass them on their way to bed . " well ? " murmur Dumbledore . " Karkaroff 's Mark be become dark too . he be panick , he fear retribution ; you know how much help he give the Ministry after the Dark Lord fall . " Snape look sideways at Dumbledore 's crooked-nosed profile . " Karkaroff intend to flee if the Mark burn . " " do he ? " say Dumbledore softly , as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies come giggle in from the ground . " and be you tempt to join him ? " " no , " say Snape , his black eye on Fleur 's and Roger 's retreat figure . " I be not such a coward . " " no , " agree Dumbledore . " you be a brave man by far than Igor Karkaroff . you know , I sometimes think we Sort too soon … " he walk away , leave Snape look stricken … and now Harry stand in the headmaster 's office yet again . it be nighttime , and Dumbledore sag sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk , apparently semiconscious . his right hand dangle over the side , blacken and burn . Snape be mutter incantation , point his wand at the wrist of the hand , while with his left hand he tip a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore 's throat . after a moment or two , Dumbledore 's eyelid flutter and open . " why , " say Snape , without preamble , " why do you put on that ring ? it carry a curse , surely you realize that . why even touch it ? " Marvolo Gaunt 's ring lie on the desk before Dumbledore . it be crack ; the sword of Gryffindor lie beside it . Dumbledore grimace . " I…was a fool . sorely tempt … " " Tempted by what ? " Dumbledore do not answer . " it be a miracle you manage to return here ! " Snape sound furious . " that ring carry a curse of extraordinary power , to contain it be all we can hope for ; I have trap the curse in one hand for the time be - " Dumbledore raise his blacken , useless hand , and examine it with the expression of one be show an interesting curio . " you have do very well , Severus . how long do you think I have ? " Dumbledore 's tone be conversational ; he might have be ask for a weather forecast . Snape hesitate , and then say , " I can tell . maybe a year . there be no halt such a spell forever . it will spread eventually , it be the sort of curse that strengthen over time . " Dumbledore smile . the news that he have less than a year to live seem a matter of little or no concern to him . " I be fortunate , extremely fortunate , that I have you , Severus . " " if you have only summon me a little earlier , I might have be able to do more , buy you more time ! " say Snape furiously . he look down at the break ring and the sword . " do you think that break the ring would break the curse ? " " something like that…I be delirious , no doubt … " say Dumbledore . with an effort he straighten himself in his chair . " well , really , this make matter much more straightforward . " Snape look utterly perplex . Dumbledore smile . " I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort be revolve around me . his plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me . " Snape sit down in the chair Harry have so often occupy , across the desk from Dumbledore . Harry could tell that he want to say more on the subject of Dumbledore 's cursed hand , but the other hold it up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further . scowl , Snape say , " the Dark Lord do not expect Draco to succeed . this be merely punishment for Lucius 's recent failure . slow torture for Draco 's parent , while they watch him fail and pay the price . " " in short , the boy have have a death sentence pronounce upon him as surely as I have , " say Dumbledore . " now , I should have think the natural successor to the job , once Draco fail , be yourself ? " there be a short pause . " that , I think , be the Dark Lord 's plan . " " Lord Voldemort foresee a moment in the near future when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts ? " " he believe the school will soon be in his grasp , yes . " " and if it do fall into his grasp , " say Dumbledore , almost , it seem , as an aside , " I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the student at Hogwarts ? " Snape give a stiff nod . " good . now then . your first priority will be to discover what Draco be up to . a frightened teenage boy be a danger to other as well as to himself . offer him help and guidance , he ought to accept , he like you - " " - much less since his father have lose favor . Draco blame me , he think I have usurp Lucius 's position . " " all the same , try . I be concern less for myself than for accidental victim of whatever scheme might occur to the boy . ultimately , of course , there be only one thing to be do if we be to save him from Lord Voldemort 's wrath . " Snape raise his eyebrow and his tone be sardonic as he ask , " be you intend to let him kill you ? " " certainly not . must kill me . " there be a long silence , break only by an odd click noise . Fawkes the phoenix be gnaw a bit of cuttlebone . " would you like me to do it now ? " ask Snape , his voice heavy with irony . " or would you like a few moment to compose an epitaph ? " " oh , not quite yet , " say Dumbledore , smile . " I daresay the moment will present itself in due course . give what have happen tonight , " he indicate his wither hand , " we can be sure that it will happen within a year . " " if you do n't mind die , " say Snape roughly , " why not let Draco do it ? " " that boy 's soul be not yet so damage , " say Dumbledore . " I would not have it rip apart on my account . " " and my soul , Dumbledore ? mine ? " " you alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation , " say Dumbledore . " I ask this one great favor of you , Severus , because death be come for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this year 's league . I confess I should prefer a quick , painless exit to the protracted and messy affair it will be if , for instance , Greyback be involve - I hear Voldemort have recruit him ? or dear Bellatrix , who like to play with her food before she eat it . " his tone be light , but his blue eye pierce Snape as they have frequently pierce Harry , as though the soul they discuss be visible to him . at last Snape give another curt nod . Dumbledore seem satisfied . " thank you , Severus … " the office disappear , and now Snape and Dumbledore be stroll together in the desert castle ground by twilight . " what be you do with Potter , all these evening you be closet together ? " Snape ask abruptly . Dumbledore look weary . " why ? you be n't try to give him more detention , Severus ? the boy will soon have spend more time in detention than out . " " he be his father over again - " " in look , perhaps , but his deep nature be much more like his mother 's . I spend time with Harry because I have thing to discuss with him , information I must give him before it be too late . " " information , " repeat Snape . " you trust him…you do not trust me . " " it be not a question of trust . I have , as we both know , limited time . it be essential that I give the boy enough information for him to do what he need to do . " " and why may I not have the same information ? " " I prefer not to put all of my secret in one basket , particularly not a basket that spend so much time dangle on the arm of Lord Voldemort . " " which I do on your order ! " " and you do it extremely well . do not think that I underestimate the constant danger in which you place yourself , Severus . to give Voldemort what appear to be valuable information while withhold the essential be a job I would entrust to nobody but you . " " yet you confide much more in a boy who be incapable of Occlumency , whose magic be mediocre , and who have a direct connection into the Dark Lord 's mind ! " " Voldemort fear that connection , " say Dumbledore . " not so long ago he have one small taste of what truly share Harry 's mind mean to him . it be pain such as he have never experience . he will not try to possess Harry again , I be sure of it . not in that way . " " I do n't understand . " " Lord Voldemort 's soul , maim as it be , can bear close contact with a soul like Harry 's . like a tongue on frozen steel , like flesh in flame - " " soul ? we be talk of mind ! " " in the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort , to speak of one be to speak of the other . " Dumbledore glance around to make sure that they be alone . they be close by the Forbidden Forest now , but there be no sign of anyone near them . " after you have kill me , Severus - " " you refuse to tell me everything , yet you expect that small service of me ! " snarl Snape , and real anger flare in the thin face now . " you take a great deal for grant , Dumbledore ! perhaps I have change my mind ! " " you give me your word , Severus . and while we be talk about service you owe me , I think you agree to keep a close eye on our young Slytherin friend ? " Snape look angry , mutinous . Dumbledore sigh . " come to my office tonight , Severus , at eleven , and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you … " they be back in Dumbledore 's office , the window dark , and Fawkes sit silent as Snape sit quite still , as Dumbledore walk around him , talk . " Harry must not know , not until the last moment , not until it be necessary , otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be do ? " " but what must he do ? " " that be between Harry and me . now listen closely , Severus . there will come a time - after my death - do not argue , do not interrupt ! there will come a time when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of his snake . " " for Nagini ? " Snape look astonish . " precisely . if there come a time when Lord Voldemort stop send that snake forth to do his bidding , but keep it safe beside him under magical protection , then , I think , it will be safe to tell Harry . " " tell him what ? " Dumbledore take a deep breath and close his eye . " tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort try to kill him , when Lily cast her own life between them as a shield , the Killing Curse rebound upon Lord Voldemort , and a fragment of Voldemort 's soul be blast apart from the whole , and latch itself onto the only living soul leave in that collapsed building . part of Lord Voldemort live inside Harry , and it be that which give him the power of speech with snake , and a connection with Lord Voldemort 's mind that he have never understand . and while that fragment of soul , unmissed by Voldemort , remain attach to and protect by Harry , Lord Voldemort can die . " Harry seem to be watch the two man from one end of a long tunnel , they be so far away from him , their voice echo strangely in his ear . " so the boy…the boy must die ? " ask Snape quite calmly . " and Voldemort himself must do it , Severus . that be essential . " another long silence . then Snape say , " I thought…all those years…that we be protect him for her . for Lily . " " we have protect him because it have be essential to teach him , to raise him , to let him try his strength , " say Dumbledore , his eye still tight shut . " meanwhile , the connection between them grow ever strong , a parasitic growth . sometimes I have think he suspect it himself . if I know him , he will have arrange matter so that when he do set out to meet his death , it will truly mean the end of Voldemort . " Dumbledore open his eye . Snape look horrify . " you have keep him alive so that he can die at the right moment ? " " do n't be shock , Severus . how many man and woman have you watch die ? " " lately , only those whom I could not save , " say Snape . he stand up . " you have use me . " " meaning ? " " I have spy for you and lie for you , put myself in mortal danger for you . everything be suppose to be to keep Lily Potter 's son safe . now you tell me you have be raise him like a pig for slaughter - " " but this be touch , Severus , " say Dumbledore seriously . " have you grow to care for the boy , after all ? " " for ? " shout Snape . " Expecto Patronum ! " from the tip of his wand burst the silver doe . she land on the office floor , bound once across the office , and soar out of the window . Dumbledore watch her fly away , and as her silvery glow fade he turn back to Snape , and his eye be full of tear . " after all this time ? " " always , " say Snape . and the scene shift . now , Harry see Snape talk to the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk . " you will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry 's departure from his aunt and uncle be , " say Dumbledore . " not to do so will raise suspicion , when Voldemort believe you so well inform . however , you must plant the idea of decoy ; that , I think , ought to ensure Harry 's safety . try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher . and Severus , if you be force to take part in the chase , be sure to act your part convincingly…I be count upon you to remain in Lord Voldemort 's good book as long as possible , or Hogwarts will be leave to the mercy of the Carrows … " now Snape be head to head with Mundungus in an unfamiliar tavern , Mundungus 's face look curiously blank , Snape frown in concentration . " you will suggest to the order of the Phoenix , " Snape murmur , " that they use decoy . Polyjuice Potion . identical Potters . it be the only thing that might work . you will forget that I have suggest this . you will present it as your own idea . you understand ? " " I understand , " murmur Mundungus , his eye unfocused … now Harry be fly alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark night : he be accompany by other hodded Death Eaters , and ahead be Lupin and a Harry who be really George … A Death Eater move ahead of Snape and raise his wand , point it directly at Lupin 's back . " Sectumsempra ! " shout Snape . but the spell , intend for the Death Eater 's wand hand , miss and hit George instead - and next , Snape be kneel in Sirius 's old bedroom . tear be drip from the end of his hooked nose as he read the old letter from Lily . the second page carry only a few word : could ever have be friend with Gellert Grindelwald . I think her mind be go , personally ! lot of love , Lily Snape take the page bear Lily 's signature , and her love , and tuck it inside his robe . then he rip in two the photograph he be also hold , so that he keep the part from which Lily laugh , throw the portion show James and Harry back onto the floor , under the chest of drawers … and now Snape stand again in the headmaster 's study as Phineas Nigellus come hurry into his portrait . " headmaster ! they be camp in the Forest of Dean ! the Mudblood - " " do not use that word ! " " - the Granger girl , then , mention the place as she open her bag and I hear her ! " " good . very good ! " cry the portrait of Dumbledore behind the headmaster 's chair . " now , Severus , the sword ! do not forget that it must be take under condition of need and valor - and he must not know that you give it ! if Voldemort should read Harry 's mind and see you act for him - " " I know , " say Snape curtly . he approach the portrait of Dumbledore and pull at its side . it swing forward , reveal a hidden cavity behind it from which he take the sword of Gryffindor . " and you still be n't go to tell me why it be so important to give Potter the sword ? " say Snape as he swing a travel cloak over his robe . " no , I do n't think so , " say Dumbledore 's portrait . " he will know what to do with it . and Severus , be very careful , they may not take kindly to your appearance after George Weasley 's mishap - " Snape turn at the door . " do n't worry , Dumbledore , " he say coolly . " I have a plan … " and Snape leave the room . Harry rise up out of the Pensieve , and moment later he lie on the carpet floor in exactly the same room Snape might just have close the door . Chapter Thirty-four The Forest again finally , the truth . lie with his face press into the dusty carpet of the office where he have once think he be learn the secret of victory , Harry understand at last that he be not suppose to survive . his job be to walk calmly into Death 's welcome arm . along the way , he be to dispose of Voldemort 's remain link to life , so that when at last he fling himself across Voldemort 's path , and do not raise a wand to defend himself , the end would be clean , and the job that ought to have be do in Godric 's Hollow would be finish . neither would live , neither could survive . he feel his heart pound fiercely in his chest . how strange that in his dread of death , it pump all the hard , valiantly keep him alive . but it would have to stop , and soon . its beat be number . how many would there be time for , as he rise and walk through the castle for the last time , out into the ground and into the forest ? terror wash over him as he lie on the floor , with that funeral drum pound inside him . would it hurt to die ? all those time he have think that it be about to happen and escape , he have never really think of the thing itself : his will to live have always be so much strong than his fear of death . yet it do not occur to him now to try to escape , to outrun Voldemort . it be over , he know it , and all that be leave be the thing itself : die . if he could only have die on that summer 's night when he have leave number four , Privet Drive , for the last time , when the noble phoenix feather wand have save him ! if he could only have die like Hedwig , so quickly he would not have know it have happen ! or if he could have launch himself in front of a wand to save someone he love . . . he envy even his parent ' death now . this cold-blooded walk to his own destruction would require a different kind of bravery . he feel his finger tremble slightly and make an effort to control them , although no one could see him ; the portrait on the wall be all empty . slowly , very slowly , he sit up , and as he do so he feel more alive and more aware of his own living body than ever before . why have he never appreciate what a miracle he be , brain and nerve and bound heart ? it would all be go . . . or at least , he would be go from it . his breath come slow and deep , and his mouth and throat be completely dry , but so be his eye . Dumbledore 's betrayal be almost nothing . of course there have be a big plan : Harry have simply be too foolish to see it , he realize that now . he have never question his own assumption that Dumbledore want him alive . now he see that his life span have always be determine by how long it take to eliminate all the Horcruxes . Dumbledore have pass the job of destroy them to him , and obediently he have continue to chip away at the bond tie not only Voldemort , but himself , to life ! how neat , how elegant , not to waste any more life , but to give the dangerous task to the boy who have already be mark for slaughter , and whose death would not be a calamity , but another blow against Voldemort . and Dumbledore have know that Harry would not duck out , that he would keep go to the end , even though it be his end , because he have take trouble to get to know him , have n't he ? Dumbledore know , as Voldemort know , that Harry would not let anyone else die for him now that he have discover it be in his power to stop it . the image of Fred , Lupin , and Tonks lie dead in the Great Hall force their way back into his mind 's eye , and for a moment he could hardly breathe . death be impatient . . . but Dumbledore have overestimate him . he have fail : the snake survive . One Horcrux remain to bind Voldemort to the earth , even after Harry have be kill . true , that would mean an easy job for somebody . he wonder who would do it . . . Ron and Hermione would know what need to be do , of course . . . that would have be why Dumbledore want him to confide in two other . . . so that if he fulfill his true destiny a little early , they could carry on . . . like rain on a cold window , these thought patter against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth , which be that he must die . I must die . it must end . Ron and Hermione seem a long way away , in a far-off country ; he feel as though he have part from them long ago . there would be no good-byes and no explanation , he be determine of that . this be a journey they could not take together , and the attempt they would make to stop him would waste valuable time . he look down at the battered gold watch he have receive on his seventeenth birthday . nearly half of the hour allot by Voldemort for his surrender have elapse . he stand up . his heart be leap against his rib like a frantic bird . perhaps it know it have little time leave , perhaps it be determine to fulfill a lifetime 's beat before the end . he do not look back as he close the office door . the castle be empty . he feel ghostly stride through it alone , as if he have already die . the portrait people be still miss from their frame ; the whole place be eerily still , as if all its remain lifeblood be concentrate in the Great Hall where the dead and the mourner be cram . Harry pull the Invisibility Cloak over himself and descend through the floor , at last walk down the marble staircase into the entrance hall . perhaps some tiny part of him hope to be sense , to be see , to be stop , but the Cloak be , as ever , impenetrable , perfect , and he reach the front door easily . then Neville nearly walk into him . he be one half of a pair that be carry a body in from the ground . Harry glance down and feel another dull blow to his stomach : Colon Creevey , though underage , must have sneak back just as Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle have do . he be tiny in death . " you know what ? I can manage him alone , Neville , " say Oliver Wood , and he heave Colin over his shoulder in a fireman 's lift and carry him into the Great Hall . Neville lean against the door frame for a moment and wipe his forehead with the back of his hand . he look like an old man . then he set off on the step again into the darkness to recover more body . Harry take one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall . people be move around , try to comfort each other , drinking , kneel beside the dead , but he could not see any of the people he love , no hint of Hermione , Ron , Ginny , or any of the other Weasleys , no Luna . he feel he would have give all the time remain to him for just one last look at them ; but then , would he ever have the strength to stop look ? it be well like this . he move down the step and out into the darkness . it be nearly four in the morning , and the deathly stillness of the ground feel as though they be hold their breath , wait to see whether he could do what he must . Harry move toward Neville , who be bend over another body . " Neville . " " Blimey , Harry , you nearly give me heart failure ! " Harry have pull off the Cloak : the idea have come to him out of nowhere , bear out of a desire to make absolutely sure . " where be you go , alone ? " Neville ask suspiciously . " it be all part of the plan , " say Harry . " there be someting I have get to do . listen -- - Neville -- - " " Harry ! " Neville look suddenly scare . " Harry , you be not think of hand yourself over ? " " no , " Harry lie easily . " ' Course not . . . this be something else . but I might be out of sight for a while . you know Voldemort 's snake . Neville ? he have get a huge snake . . . call it Nagini . . . " " I have hear , yeah . . . what about it ? " " it be get to be kill . Ron and Hermione know that , but just in case they -- - " the awfulness of that possibility smother him for a moment , make it impossible to keep talk . but he pull himself together again : this be crucial , he must be like Dumbledore , keep a cool head , make sure there be backup , other to carry on . Dumbledore have die know that three people still know about the Horcruxes ; now Neville would take Harry 's place : there would still be three in the secret . " just in case they be -- - busy -- - and you get the chance -- - " " Kill the snake ? " " kill the snake , " Harry repeat . " all right , Harry . you be okay , be you ? " " I be fine . thanks , Neville . " but Neville seize his wrist as Harry make to move on . " we be all go to keep fight , Harry . you know that ? " " yeah , I -- - " the suffocate feeling extinguish the end of the sentence ; he could not go on . Neville do not seem to find it strange . he pat Harry on the shoulder , release him , and walk away to look for more body . Harry swing the Cloak back over himself and walk on . someone else be move not far away , stoop over another prone figure on the ground . he be foot away from her when he realize it be Ginny . he stop in his track . she be crouch over a girl who be whisper for her mother . " it be all right , " Ginny be say . " it be ok . we be go to get you inside . " " but I want to go home , " whisper the girl . " I do n't want to fight anymore ! " " I know , " say Ginny , and her voice break . " it be go to be all right . " ripple of cold undulate over Harry 's skin . he want to shout out to the night , he want Ginny to know that he be there , he want her to know where he be go . he want to be stop , to be drag back , to be send back home . . . . but he home . Hogwards be the first and well home he have know . he and Voldemort and Snape , the abandon boy , have all find home here . . . . Ginny be kneel beside the injured girl now , hold her hand . with a huge effort Harry force himself on . he think he see Ginny look around as he pass , and wonder whether she have sense someone walk nearby , but he do not speak , and he do not look back . Hagrid 's hut loom out of the darkness . there be no light , no sound of Fang scrabble at the door , his bark booming in welcome . all those visit to Hagrid , and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire , and rock cake and giant grub , and his great bearded face , and Ron vomiting slug , and Hermione help him save Norbert . . . he move on , and now he reach the edge of the forest , and he stop . a swarm of dementors be glide amongst the tree ; he could feel their chill , and he be not sure he would be able to pass safely through it . he have not strength leave for a Patronus . he could no longer control his own tremble . it be not , after all , so easy to die . every second he breathe , the smell of the grass , the cool air on his face , be so precious : to think that people have year and year , time to waste , so much time it drag , and he be cling to each second . at the same time he think that he would not be able to go on , and know that he must . the long game be end , the Snitch have be catch , it be time to leave the air . . . . the Snitch . his nerveless finger fumble for a moment with the pouch at his neck and he pull it out . I open at the close . breathe fast and hard , he stare down at it . now that he want time to move as slowly as possible , he seem to have speed up , and understanding be come so fast it seem to have bypass though . this be the close . this be the moment . he press the golden metal to his lip and whisper , " I be about to die . " the metal shell break open . he lower his shake hand , raise Draco 's wand beneath the Cloak , and murmur , " Lumos . " the black stone with be jagged crack run down the center sit in the two half of the Snitch . the Resurrection Stone have crack down the vertical line represent the Elder Wand . the triangle and circle represent the Cloak and the stone be still discernible . and again Harry understand without have to think . it do not matter about bring them back , for he be about to join them . he be not really fetch them : they be fetch him . he close his eye and turn the stone over in his hand three time . he know it have happen , because he hear slight movement around him that suggest frail body shift their footing on the earthy , twig-strewn ground that mark the outer edge of the forest . he open his eye and look around . they be neither ghost nor truly flesh , he could see that . they resemble most closely the Riddle that have escape from the diary so long ago , and he have be memory make nearly solid . less substantial than live body , but much more than ghost , they move toward him . and on each face , there be the same loving smile . James be exactly the same height as Harry . he be wear the clothes in which he have die , and his hair be untidy and ruffle , and his glass be a little lopsided , like Mr. Weasley 's . Sirius be tall and handsome , and young by far than Harry have see him in life . he lope with an easy grace , his hand in his pocket and a grin on his face . lupin be young too , and much less shabby , and his hair be thick and dark . he look happy to be back in this familiar place , scene of so many adolescent wandering . Lily 's smile be wide of all . she push her long hair back as she draw closer to him , and her green eye , so like his , search his face hungrily , as though she would never be able to look at him enough . " you have be so brave . " he could not speak . his eye feast on her , and he think that he would like to stand and look at her forever , and that would be enough . " you be nearly there , " say James . " very close . we be . . . so proud of you . " " do it hurt ? " the childish question have fall from Harry 's lip before he could stop it . " die ? not at all , " say Sirius . " quick and easy than fall asleep . " " and he will want it to be quick . he want it over , " say Lupin . " I do n't want you to die , " Harry say . these word come without his volition . " any of you . I be sorry -- - " he address Lupin more than any of them , beseech him . " -- - right after you have have your son . . . Remus , I be sorry -- - " " I be sorry too , " say Lupin . " sorry I will never know him . . . but he will know why I die and I hope he will understand . I be try to make a world in which he could live a happy life . " a chilly breeze that seem to emanate from the heart of the forest lift the hair at Harry 's brow . he know that they would not tell him to go , that it would have to be his decision . " you will stay with me ? " " until the very end , " say James . " they wo n't be able to see you ? " ask Harry . " we be part of you , " say Sirius . " invisible to anyone else . " Harry look at his mother . " stay close to me , " he say quietly . and he set of . the dementors ' chill do not overcome him ; he pass through it with his companion , and they act like Patronuses to him , and together they march through the old tree that grow closely together , their branch tangle , their root gnarl and twist underfoot . Harry clutch the Cloak tightly around him in the darkness , travel deep and deep into the forest , with no idea where exactly Voldemort be , but sure that he would find him . beside him , make scarcely a sound , walk James , Sirius , Lupin , and Lily , and their presence be his courage , and the reason he be able to keep put one foot in front of the other . his body and mind feel oddly disconnect now , his limb work without conscious instruction , as if he be passenger , not driver , in the body he be about to leave . the dead who walk beside him through the forest be much more real to him now than the living back at the castle : Ron , Hermione , Ginny , and all the other be the one who feel like ghost as he stumble and slip toward the end of his life , toward Voldemort . . . a thud and a whisper : some other living creature have stir close by . Harry stop under the Cloak , peer around , listen , and his mother and father , Lupin and Sirius stop too . " someone there , " come a rough whisper close at hand . " he be get an Invisibility Cloak . could it be -- - ? " two figure emerge from behind a nearby tree : their wand flare , and Harry see Yaxley and Dolohov peer into the darkness , directly at the place Harry , his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stand . apparently they could not see anything . " definitely hear something , " say Yaxley . " animal , d'you reckon ? " " that head case Hagrid keep a whole bunch of stuff in here , " say Dolohov , glance over his shoulder . Yaxley look down at his watch . " time be nearly up . Porter 's have his hour . he be not come . " " well go back , " say Yaxley . " find out what the plan be now . " he and Dolohov turn and walk deep into the forest . Harry follow them , know that they would lead him exactly where he want to go . he glance sideways , and his mother smile at him , and his father nod encouragement . they have travel on mere minute when Harry see light ahead , and Yaxley and Dolohov step out into a clearing that Harry know have be the place where the monstrous Aragog have once live . the remnant of his vast web be there still , but the swarm of descendant he have spawn have be drive out by the Death Eaters , to fight for their cause . a fire burn in the middle of the clearing , and its flicker light fall over a crowd of completely silent , watchful death eater . some of them be still mask and hood ; other show their face . two giant sit on the outskirt of the group , cast massive shadow over the scene , their face cruel , rough-hew like rock . Harry see Fenrir , skulk , chew his long nail ; the great blond Rowle be dab at his bleeding lip . he see Lucius Malfoy , who look defeat and terrify , and Narcissa , whose eye be sunken and full of apprehension . every eye be fix upon Voldemort , who stand with his head bow , and his white hand fold over the Elder Wand in front of him . he might have be pray , or else count silently in his mind , and Harry , stand still on the edge of the scene , though absurdly of a child count in a game of hide-and-seek . behind his head , still swirl and coil , the great snake Nagini float in her glitter , charm cage , like a monstrous halo . when Dolohov and Yaxley rejoin the circle , Voldemort look up . " no sign of him , my Lord , " say Dolohov . Voldemort 's expression do not change . the red eye seem to burn in the firelight . slowly he draw the Elder Wand between his long finger . " My Lord -- - " Bellatrix have speak : she sit close to Voldemort , dishevel , her face a little bloody but otherwise unharmed . Voldemort raise his hand to silence her , and she do not speak another word , but eye him in worshipful fascination . " I think he would come , " say Voldemort in his high , clear voice , his eye on the leap flame . " I expect him to come . " nobody speak . they seem as scare as Harry , whose heart be now throw itself against his rib as though determine to escape the body he be about to cast aside . his hand be sweat as he pull off the Invisibility Cloak and stuff it beneath his robe , with his wand . he do not want to be tempt to fight . " I be , it seem . . . mistaken , " say Voldemort . " you be n't . " Harry say it as loudly as he could , with all the force he could muster : he do not want to sound afraid . the Resurrection Stone slip from between his numb finger , and out of the corner of his eye he see his parent , Sirius , and Lupin vanish as he step forward into the firelight . at that moment he feel that nobody matter but Voldemort . it be just the two of them . the illusion be go as soon as it have come . the giant roar as the Death Eaters rise together , and there be many cry , gasp , even laughter . Voldemort have freeze where he stand , but his red eye have find Harry , and he stare as Harry move toward him , with nothing but the fire between them . then a voice yell : " harry ! no ! " he turn : Hagrid be bind and truss , tie to a tree nearby . his massive body shake the branch overhead as he struggle , desperate . " no ! no ! harry , what 'RE Yeh -- - ? " " quiet ! " shout Rowle , and with a flick of his wand , Hagrid be silence . Bellatrix , who have leap to her foot , be look eagerly from Voldemort to Harry , her breast heave . the only thing that move be the flame and the snake , coil and uncoil in the glitter cage behind Voldemort 's head . Harry could feel his wand against his chest , but he make no attempt to draw it . he know that the snake be too well protect , know that if he manage to point the wand at Nagini , fifty curse would hit him first . and still , Voldemort and Harry look at each other , and now Voldemort tilt his head a little to the side , consider the boy stand before him , and a singularly mirthless smile curl the lipless mouth . " Harry Potter , " he say very softly . his voice might have be part of the spit fire . " the Boy who live . " none of the Death Eaters move . they be wait : everything be wait . Hagrid be struggle , and Bellatrix be pant , and Harry think inexplicably of Ginny , and her blaze look , and the feel of her lip on his -- - Voldemort have raise his wand . his head be still tilt to one side , like a curious child , wonder what would happen if he proceed . Harry look back into the red eye , and want it to happen now , quickly , while he could still stand , before he lose control , before he betray fear -- - he see the mouth move and a flash of green light , and everything be go . Chapter Thirty-Five King 's Cross he lie facedown , listen to the silence . he be perfectly alone . nobody be watch . nobody else be there . he be not perfectly sure that he be there himself . a long time later , or maybe no time at all , it come to him that he must exist , must be more than disembodied thought , because he be lie , definitely lie , on some surface . therefore he have a sense of touch , and the thing against which he lie exist too . almost as soon as he have reach this conclusion , Harry become conscious that he be naked . convince as he be of his total solitude , this do not concern him , but it do intrigue him slightly . he wonder whether , as he could feel , he would be able to see . in open them , he discover that he have eye . he lie in a bright mist , though it be not like mist he have ever experience before . his surroundings be not hide by cloudy vapor ; rather the cloudy vapor have not yet form into surroundings . the floor on which he lie seem to be white , neither warm nor cold , but simply there , a flat , blank something on which to be . he sit up . his body appear unscathed . he touch his face . he be not wear glass anymore . then a noise reach him through the unformed nothingness that surround him : the small soft thumpings of something that flap , flail , and struggle . it be a pitiful noise , yet also slightly indecent . he have the uncomfortable feeling that he be eavesdrop on something furtive , shameful . for the first time , he wish he be clothe . barely have the wish form in his head than robe appear a short distance away . he take them and pull them on . they be soft , clean , and warm . it be extraordinary how they have appear just like that , the moment he have want them . . . . he stand up , look around . be he in some great Room of Requirement ? the longer he look , the more there be to see . a great dome glass roof glitter high above him in sunlight . perhaps it be a palace . all be hush and still , except for those odd thump and whimper noise come from somewhere close by in the mist . . . . Harry turn slowly on the spot , and his surroundings seem to invent themselves before his eye . a wide-open space , bright and clean , a hall large by far than the Great Hall , with that clear dome glass ceiling . it be quite empty . he be the only person there , except for - he recoil . he have spot the thing that be make the noise . it have the form of a small , naked child , curl on the ground , its skin raw and rough , flayed-looking , and it lie shudder under a seat where it have be leave , unwanted , stuff out of sight , struggle for breath . he be afraid of it . small and fragile and wounded though it be , he do not want to approach it . nevertheless he draw slowly near , ready to jump back at any moment . soon he stand near enough to touch it , yet he could not bring himself to do it . he feel like a coward . he ought to comfort it , but it repulse him . " you can help . " he spin around . Albus Dumbledore be walk toward him , sprightly and upright , wear sweeping robe of midnight blue . " Harry . " he spread his arm wide , and his hand be both whole and white and undamaged . " you wonderful boy . you brave , brave man . let us walk . " stun , Harry follow as Dumbledore stride away from where the flay child lie whimpering , lead him to two seat that Harry have not previously notice , set some distance away under that high , sparkling ceiling . Dumbledore sit down in one of them , and Harry fall into the other , stare at his old headmaster 's face . Dumbledore 's long silver hair and beard , the piercingly blue eye behind half-moon spectacle , the crooked nose : everything be as he have remember it . and yet . . . " but you be dead , " say Harry . " oh yes , " say Dumbledore matter-of-factly . " then . . . I be dead too ? " " ah , " say Dumbledore , smile still more broadly . " that be the question , be n't it ? on the whole , dear boy , I think not . " they look at each other , the old man still beaming . " not ? " repeat Harry . " not , " say Dumbledore . " but . . . " Harry raise his hand instinctively toward the lightning scar . it do not seem to be there . " but I should have die - I do n't defend myself ! I mean to let him kill me ! " " and that , " say Dumbledore , " will , I think , have make all the difference . " happiness seem to radiate from Dumbledore like light ; like fire : Harry have never see the man so utterly , so palpably content . " explain , " say Harry . " but you already know , " say Dumbledore . he twiddle his thumb together . " I let him kill me , " say Harry . " do n't I ? " " you do , " say Dumbledore , nod . " go on ! " " so the part of his soul that be in me . . . " Dumbledore nod still more enthusiastically , urge Harry onward , a broad smile of encouragement on his face . " . . . have it go ? " " oh yes ! " say Dumbledore . " yes , he destroy it . your soul be whole , and completely your own , Harry . " " but then . . . " Harry tremble over his shoulder to where the small , maim creature tremble under the chair . " what be that , Professor ? " " something that be beyond either of our help , " say Dumbledore . " but if Voldemort use the Killing Curse , " Harry start again , " and nobody die for me this time - how can I be alive ? " " I think you know , " say Dumbledore . " think back . remember what he do , in his ignorance , in his greed and his cruelty . " Harry think . he let his gaze drift over his surroundings . if it be indeed a palace in which they sit , it be an odd one , with chair set in little row and bit of rail here and there , and still , he and Dumbledore and the stunt creature under the chair be the only being there . then the answer rise to his lip easily , without effort . " he take my blood , " say Harry . " precisely ! " say Dumbledore . " he take your blood and rebuild his live body with it ! your blood in his vein , Harry , Lily 's protection inside both of you ! he thethered you to life while he live ! " " I live . . . while he live ? but I think . . . I think it be the other way around ! I think we both have to die ? or be it the same thing ? " he be distract by the whimper and thump of the agonize creature behind them and glance back at it yet again . " be you sure we ca n't do anything ? " " there be no help possible . " " then explain . . . more , " say Harry , and Dumbledore smile . " you be the seventh Horcrux , Harry , the Horcrux he never mean to make . he have render his soul so unstable that it break apart when he commit those act of unspeakable evil , the murder of your parent , the attempted killing of a child . but what escape from that room be even less than he know . he leave more than his body behind . he leave part of himself latch to you , the would-be victim who have survive . " and his knowledge remain woefully incomplete , Harry ! that which Voldemort do not value , he take no trouble to comprehend . of house-elves and child 's tale , of love , loyalty , and innocence , Voldemort know and understand nothing . nothing . that they all have a power beyond his own , a power beyond the reach of any magic , be a truth he have never grasp . " he take your blood believe it would strengthen him . he take into his body a tiny part of the enchantment your mother lay upon you when she die for you . his body keep her sacrafice alive , and while that enchantment survive , so do you and so do Voldemort 's one last hope for himself . " Dumbledore smile at Harry , and Harry stare at him . " and you know this ? you know - all along ? " " I guess . but my guess have usually be good , " say Dumbledore happily , and they sit in silence for what seem like a long time , while the creature behind them continue to whimper and tremble . " there be more , " say Harry . " there be more to it . why do my wand break the wand he borrow ? " " as to that , I can be sure . " " have a guess , then , " say Harry , and Dumbledore laugh . " what you must understand , Harry , be that you and Lord Voldemort have journey together into realm of magic hitherto unknown and untested . but here be what I think happen , and it be unprecedented , and no wandmaker could , I think , ever have predict or explain it to Voldemort . " without mean to , as you now know , Lord Voldemort double the bond between you when he return to a human form . a part of his soul be still attach to yours , and , think to strengthen himself , he take a part of your mother 's sacrafice into himself . if he could only have understand the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice , he would not , perhaps , have dare to touch your blood . . . . but then , if he have be able to understand , he could not be Lord Voldemort , and might never have murder at all . " have ensure this two-fold connection , have wrap your destiny together more securely than ever two wizard be join in history , Voldemort proceed to attack you with a wand that share a core with yours . and now something very strange happen , as we know . the core react in a way that Lord Voldemort , who never know that your wand be a twin of his , have ever expect . " he be more afraid than you be that night , Harry . you have accept , even embrace , the possibility of death , something Lord Voldemort have never be able to do . your courage win , your wand overpower his . and in do so , something happen between those wand , something that echo the relationship between their master . " I believe that your wand imbibe some of the power and quality of Voldemort 's wand that night , which be to say that it contain a little of Voldemort himself . so your wand recognize him when he pursue you , recognize a man who be both kin and mortal enemy , and it regurgitate some of his own magic against him , magic much more powerful than anything Lucius 's wand have ever perform . your wand now contain the power of your enormous courage and of Voldemort 's own deadly skill : what chance do that poor stick of Lucius Malfoy 's stand ? " " but if my wand be so powerful , how come Hermione be able to break it ? " ask Harry . " my dear boy , its remarkable effect be direct only at Voldemort , who have tamper so ill-advisedly with the deep law of magic . only toward him be that wand abnormally powerful . otherwise it be a wand like any other . . . though a good one , I be sure , " Dumbledore finish kindly . Harry sit in thought for a long time , or perhaps second . it be very hard to be sure of thing like time , here . " he kill me with your wand . " " he to kill you with my wand , " Dumbledore correct Harry . " I think we can agree that you be not dead - though , of course , " he add , as if fear he have be discourteous , " I do not minimize your suffering , which I be sure be severe . " " I feel great at the moment , though , " say Harry , look down at his clean , unblemished hand . " where be we , exactly ? " " well , I be go to ask you that , " say Dumbledore , look around . " where would you say that we be ? " until Dumbledore have ask , Harry have not know . now , however , he find that he have an answer ready to give . " it look , " he say slowly , " like King 's Cross station . except a lo cleaner and empty , and there be no train as far as I can see . " " King 's Cross station ! " Dumbledore be chuckle immoderately . " good gracious , really ? " " well , where do you think we be ? " ask Harry , a little defensively . " my dear boy , I have no idea . this be , as they say , your party . " Harry have no idea what this mean ; Dumbledore be be infuriate . he glare at him , then remember a much more pressing question than that of their current location . " the Deathly Hallows , " he say , and he be glad to see that the word wipe the smile from Dumbledore 's face . " ah , yes , " he say . he even look a little worry . " well ? " for the first time since Harry have meet Dumbledore , he look less than an old man , much less . he look fleetingly like a small boy catch in wrongdoing . " can you forgive me ? " he say . " can you forgive me for not trust you ? for not tell you ? Harry , I only fear that you would fail as I have fail . I only dread that you would make my mistake . I crave your pardon , Harry . I have know , for some time now , that you be the good man . " " what be you talk about ? " ask Harry , startle by Dumbledore 's tone , by the sudden tear in his eye . " the Hallows , the Hallows , " murmur Dumbledore . " a desperate man 's dream ! " " but they be real ! " " real , and dangerous , and a lure for fool , " say Dumbledore . " and I be such a fool . but you know , do n't you ? I have no secret from you anymore . you know . " " what do I know ? " Dumbledore turn his whole body to face Harry , and tear still sparkle in the brilliantly blue eye . " master of death , Harry , master of Death ! be I well , ultimately , than Voldemort ? " " of course you be , " say Harry . " of course - how can you ask that ? you never kill if you could avoid it ! " " true , true , " say Dumbledore , and he be like a child seek reassurance . " yet I too seek a way to conquer death , Harry . " " not the way he do , " say Harry . after all his anger at Dumbledore , how odd it be to sit here , beneath the high , vault ceiling , and defend Dumbledore from himself . " hallow , not Horcruxes . " " hallow , " murmur Dumbledore , " not Horcruxes . precisely . " there be a pause . the creature behind them whimper , but Harry no longer look around . " Grindelwald be look for them too ? " he ask . Dumbledore close his eye for a moment and nod . " it be the thing , above all , that draw us together , " he say quietly . " two clever , arrogant boy with a shared obsession . he want to come to Godric 's Hollow , as I be sure you have guess , because of the grave of Ignotus Peverell . he want to explore the place the third brother have die . " " so it be true ? " ask Harry . " all of it ? the Peverell brother - " " - be the three brother of the tale , " say Dumbledore , nod . " oh yes , I think so . whether they meet death on a lonely road . . . I think it more likely that the Peverell brother be simply gifted , dangerous wizard who succeed in create those powerful object . the story of them be Death 's own Hallows seem to me the sort of legend that might have spring up around such creation . " the Cloak , as you know now , travel down through the age , father to son , mother to daughter , right down to Ignotus 's last living descendant , who be bear , as Ignotus be , in the village of Godric 's Hollow . " Dumbledore smile at Harry . " me ? " " you . you have guess , , I know , why the Cloak be in my possession on the night your parent die . James have show it to me just a few day previously . it explain much of his undetected wrongdoing at school ! I could hardly believe what I be see . I ask to borrow it , to examine it . I have long since give up my dream of unite the Hallows , but I could not resist , could not help take a close look . . . . it be a Cloak the like of which I have never see , immensely old , perfect in every respect . . . and then your father die , and I have two Hallows at last , all to myself ! " his tone be unbearably bitter . " the Cloak would n't have help them survive , though , " Harry say quickly . " Voldemort know where my mum and dad be . the Cloak could n't have make them curse-proof . " " true , " sigh Dumbledore . " true . " Harry wait , but Dumbledore do not speak , so he prompt him . " so you have give up look for the Hallows when you see the Cloak ? " " oh yes , " say Dumbledore faintly . it seem that he force himself to meet Harry 's eye . " you know what happen . you know . you can despise me more than I despise myself . " " but I do n't despise you - " " then you should , " say Dumbledore . he draw a deep breath . " you know the secret of my sister 's ill health , what those Muggles do , what she become . you know how my poor father seek revenge , and pay the price , die in Azkaban . you know how my mother give up her own life to care for Ariana . " I resent it , Harry . " Dumbledore state it baldly , coldly . he be look now over the top of Harry 's head , into the distance . " I be gifted , I be brilliant . I want to escape . I want to shine . I want glory . " do not misunderstand me , " he say , and pain cross the face so that he look ancient again . " I love them , I love my parent , I love my brother and my sister , but I be selfish , Harry , more selfish than you , who be a remarkably selfless person , could possibly imagine . " so that , when my mother die , and I be leave the responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward brother , I return to my village in anger and bitterness . trap and waste , I think ! and then of course , he come . . . . " Dumbledore look directly into Harry 's eye again . " Grindelwald . you can imagine how his idea catch me , Harry , inflame me . Muggles force into subservience . we wizard triumphant . Grindelwald and I , the glorious young leader of the revolution . " oh , I have a few scruple . I assuage my conscience with empty word . it would all be for the great good , and any harm do would be repay a hundredfold in benefit for wizard . do I know , in my heart of heart , what Gellert Grindelwald be ? I think I do , but I close my eye . if the plan we be make come to fruition , all my dream would come true . " and at the heart of our scheme , the Deathly Hallows ! how they fascinate him , how they fascinate both of us ! the unbeatable wand , the weapon that would lead us to power ! the Resurrection Stone - to him , though I pretend not to know it , it mean an army of Inferi ! to me , I confess , it mean the return of my parent , and the lifting of all responsibility from my shoulder . " and the Cloak . . . somehow , we never discuss the Cloak much , Harry . both of us could conceal ourselves well enough without the Cloak , the true magic of which , of course , be that it can be use to protect and shield other as well as its owner . I think that , if we ever find it , it might be useful in hide Ariana , but our interest in the Cloak be mainly that it complete the trio , for the legend say that the man who have unite all three object would then be truly master of death , which we take to mean ' invincible . ' " invincible master of death , Grindelwald and Dumbledore ! two month of insanity , of cruel dream , and neglect of the only two member of my family leave to me . " and then . . . you know what happen . reality return in the form of my rough , unlettered , and infinitely more admirable brother . I do not want to hear the truth he shout at me . I do not want to hear that I could not set forth and seek Hallows with a fragile and unstable sister in tow . " the argument become a fight . Grindelwald lose control . that which I have always sense in him , though I pretend not to , now spring into terrible being . and Ariana . . . after all my mother 's care and caution . . . lay dead upon the floor . " Dumbledore give a little gasp and begin to cry in earnest . Harry reach out and be glad to find that he could touch him : he grip his arm tightly and Dumbledore gradually regain control . " well , Grindelwald flee , as anyone but I could have predict . he vanish , with his plan for seize power , and his scheme for Muggle torture , and his dream of the Deathly Hallows , dream in which I have encourage him and help him . he run , while I be leave to bury my sister , and learn to live with my guilt and my terrible grief , the price of my shame . " year pass . there be rumor about him . they say he have procure a wand of immense power . I , meanwhile , be offer the post of Minister of Magic , not once , but several time . naturally , I refuse . I have learn that I be not to be trust with power . " " but you will have be good , much good , than Fudge or Scimgeour ! " burst out Harry . " would I ? " ask Dumbledore heavily . " I be not so sure . I have prove , as a very young man , that power be my weakness and my temptation . it be a curious thing , Harry , but perhaps those who be well suit to power be those who have never seek it . those who , like you , have leadership thrust upon them , and take up the mantle because they must , and find to their own surprise that they wear it well . " I be safe at Hogwarts . I think I be a good teacher - " " you be the good -- - " " -- - you be very kind , Harry . but while I busy myself with the training of young wizard , Grindelwald be raise an army . they say he fear me , and perhaps he do , but less , I think , than I fear him . " oh , not death , " say Dumbledore , in answer to Harry 's question look . " not what he could do to me magically . I know that we be evenly match , perhaps that I be a shade more skillful . it be the truth I fear . you see , I never know which of us , in that last , horrific fight , have actually cast the curse that kill my sister . you may call me cowardly : you would be right , Harry . I dread beyond all thing the knowledge that it have be @card@ who bring about her death , not merely through my arrogance and stupidity , but that I actually strike the blow that snuff out her life . " I think he know it , I think he know what frighten me . I delay meet him until finally , it would have be too shameful to resist any longer . people be die and he seem unstoppable , and I have to do what I could . " well , you know what happen next . I win the duel . I win the wand . " another silence . Harry do not ask whether Dumbledore have ever find out who strike Ariana dead . he do not want to know , and even less do he want Dumbledore to have to tell him . at last he know what Dumbledore would have see when he look in the mirror of Erised , and why Dumbledore have be so understand of the fascination it have exercise over Harry . they sit in silence for a long time , and the whipmerings of the creature behind them barely disturb Harry anymore . at last he say , " Grindelwald try to stop Voldemort go after the wand . he lie , you know , pretend he have never have it . " Dumbledore nod , look down at his lap , tear still glitter on the crooked nose . " they say he show remorse in late year , alone in his cell at Nurmengard . I hope that be true . I would like to think that he do feel the horror and shame of what he have do . perhaps that lie to Voldemort be his attempt to make amends . . . to prevent Voldemort from take the Hallow . . . " " . . .or maybe from break into your tomb ? " suggest Harry , and Dumbledore dab his eye . after another short pause Harry say , " you try to use the Resurrection Stone . " Dumbledore nod . " when I discover it , after all those year , bury in the abandon home of the Gaunts -- - the Hallow I have crave most of all , though in my youth I have want it for very different reason -- - I lose my head , Harry . I quite forget that I be not a Horcrux , that the ring be sure to carry a curse . I pick it up , and I put it on , and for a second I imagine that I be about to see Ariana , and my mother , and my father , and to tell them how very , very sorry , I be . . . . " I be such a fool , Harry . after all those year I have learn nothing . I be unworthy to unite the Deathly Hallows , I have prove it time and again , and here be final proof . " " why ? " say Harry . " it be natural ! you want to see them again . what be wrong with that ? " " maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows , Harry . I be fit only to possess the mean of them , the least extraordinary . I be fit to own the Elder Wand , and not boast of it , and not to kill with it . I be permit to tame and use it , because I take it , not for gain , but to save other from it . " but the Cloak , I take out of vain curiousity , and so it could never have work for me as it work for you , its true owner . the stone I would have use in an attempt to drag back those who be at peace , rather than enable my self-sacrafice , as you do . you be the worthy possessor of the Hallows . " Dumbledore pat Harry 's hand , and Harry look up at the old man and smile ; he could not help himself . how coul dhe remain angry with Dumbledore now ? " why do you have to make it so difficult ? " Dumbledore 's smile be tremulous . " I be afraid I count on Miss Granger to slow you up , Harry . I be afraid that your hot head might dominate your good heart . I be scare that , if present outright with the fact about those tempting object , you might seize the Hallows as I do , at the wrong time , for the wrong reason . if you lay hand on them , I want you to possess them safely . you be the true master of death , because the true master do not seek to run away from death . he accept that he must die , and understand that there be far , far bad thing in the live world than die . " " and Voldemort never know about the Hallows ? " " I do not think so , because he do not recognize the Resurrection Stone he turn into a Horcrux . but even if he have know about them , Harry . I doubt that he woul dhave be interested in any except the first . he would not think that he need the Cloak , and as for the stone , whom would he want to bring back from the dead ? he fear the dead . he do not love . " " but you expect him to go after the wand ? " " I have be sure that he would try , ever since your wand beat Voldemort 's in the graveyard of Little Hangleton . at first , he be afraid that you have conquer him by superior skill . once he have kidnap Ollivander , however , he discover the existence of the twin core . he think that explain everything . yet the borrowed wand do no good against yours ! so Voldemort , instead of ask himself what quality it be in you that have make your wand so strong , what gift you possess that he do not , naturally set out to find the one wand that , they say , would beat any other . for him , the Elder Wand have become an obsession to rival his obsession with you . he believe that the Elder Wand remove his last weakness and make him truly invincible . Poor Severus . . . " " if you plan your death with Snape , you mean him to end up with the Elder Wand , do n't you ? " " I admit that be my intention , " say Dumbledore , " but it do not work as I intend , do it ? " " no , " say Harry . " that bit do n't work out . " the creature behind them jerk and moan , and Harry and Dumbledore sate without talk for the long time yet . the realization of what would happen next settle gradually over Harry in the long minute , like softly fall snow . " I have get to go back , have n't I ? " " that be up to you . " " I have get a choice ? " " oh yes , " Dumbledore smile at him . " we be in King 's Cross you say ? I think that if you decide not to go back , you would be able to . . . let be say . . . board a train . " " and where would it take me ? " " on , " say Dumbledore simply . silence again . " Voldemort 's get the Elder Wand . " " true . Voldemort have the Elder Wand . " " but you want me to go back ? " " I think , " say Dumbledore , " that if you choose to return , there be a chance that he may be finish for good . I can promise it . but I know this , Harry , that you have less to fear from return here than he do . " Harry glance again at the raw look thing that tremble and choke in the shadow beneath the distant chair . " do not pity the dead , Harry . pity the living , and above all , those who live without love . by return , you may ensure that few soul be maim , few family be tear apart . if that seem to you a worthy goal , they we see good-bye for the present . " Harry nod and sigh . leave this place would not be nearly as hard as walk into the forest have be , but it be warm and light and peaceful here , and he know that he be head back to pain and the fear of more loss . he stand up , and Dumbledore do the same , and they look for a long moment into each other 's face . " tell me one last thing , " say Harry , " be this real ? or have this be happen inside my head ? " Dumbledore beam at him , and his voice sound loud and strong in Harry 's ear even though the bright mist be descend again , obscure his figure . " of course it be happen inside your head , Harry , but why on earth should that mean it be not real ? " Chapter Thirty-six The Flaw in the plan he be fly facedown on the grond again . the smell of the forest fill his nostril . he could feel the cold hard ground beneath his cheek , and the hinge of his glass which have be knock sideways by the fall cut into his temple . every inch of him ache , and the place where Killing Curse have hit him feel like the bruise of an iron-clad punch . he do not stir , but he remain exactly where he have fall , with his left arm bend out at an akward angle and his mouth gape . he have expect to hear cheer of triumph and jubilation at his death , but instead hurried footstep , whisper , and solicitous murmur fill the air . " My Lord ... my Lord ... " it be Bellatrix 's voice , and she speak as if to a lover . Harry do not dare open his eye , but allow his other sense to explore his predicament . he know that his wand be still stow beneath his robe because he could feel it press between his chest and the ground . a slight cushioning effect in the area of his stomach tell him that the Invisibility Cloak be also there , stuff out of sight . " My Lord ... " " that will do , " say Voldemort 's voice . more footstep . several people be back away from the same spot . desperate to see what be happen and why , Harry open his eye by a milimeter . Voldemort seem to be get to his foot . various death eater be hurry away from him , return to the crowd line the clearing . Bellatrix alone remain behind , kneel beside Voldemort . Harry close his eye again and consider what he have see . the Death Eaters have be buddle around Voldemort , who seem to have fall to the ground . something have happen when he have hit Harry with the Killing Curse . have Voldemort too collapse ? it seem like it . and both of them have briefly fall unconcious and both of them have now return . . . " My Lord , let me -- " " I do not require assitance , " say Voldemort coldly , and though he could not see it , Harry picture Bellatrix withdraw a helpful hand . " the boy . . . be he dead ? " there be a complete silence in the clearing . nobody approach Harry , but he feel their concentraded gaze ; it seem to press him hard into the ground , and he be terrify a finger or an eyelid might twitch . " you , " say Voldemort , and there be a bang and a small shrick of pain . " examine him . tell me whether he be dead . " Harry do not know who have be send to verify . he could only lie there , with his heart thump traitorously , and wait to be examine , but at the same time nothing , small comfort through it be , that Voldemort be wary of approach him , that Voldemort suspect that all have not go to plan . . . . hand , soft than he have be expect , touch Harry 's face , and feel his heart . he could hear the woman 's fast breathing , her pound of life against his rib . " be Draco alive ? be he in the castle ? " the whisper be barely audible , her lip be an inch from his car , her head bend so low that her long hair shield his face from the onlooker . " yes , " he breathe back . he feel the hand on his chest contract : her nail pierce him . then it be withdraw . she have sit up . " he be dead ! " Narcissa Malfoy call to the watcher . and now they shout , now they yell in triumph and stamp their foot , and through his eyelid , Harry see burst of red and silver light shoot into the air in celebration . still feign death on the ground , he understand . Narcissa know that the only way she would be permit to enter Hogwarts , and find her son , be as part of the conquer army . she no longer care whether Voldemort win . " you see ? " screech Voldemort over the tumult . " Harry Potter be dead by my hand , and no man alive can threaten me now ! watch ! Crucio ! " Harry have be expect it , know his body would not be allow to remain unsullied upon the forest floor ; it must be subject to humiliation to prove Voldemort 's victory . he be lift into the air , and it take all his determination to remain limp , yet the pain he expect do not come . he be throw once , twice , three time into the air . his glass fly off and he feel his wand slide a little beneath his robe , but he keep himself floppy and lifeless , and when he fall no ground for the last time , the clearing echo with jeer and shriek of laughter . " now , " say Voldemort , " we go to the castle , and show them what have become of their hero . who shall drag the body ? no - wait - " there be a fresh outbreak of laughter , and after a few moment Harry feel the ground tremble beneath him . " you carry him , " Voldemort say . " he will be nice and visible in your arm , will he not ? pick up your little friend , Hagrid . and the glass - put on the glass - he must be recognizable - " someone slam Harry 's glass back onto his face with deliberate force , but the enormous hand that lift him into the air be exceedingly gentle . Harry could feel Hagrid 's arm tremble with the force of his heave sob ; great tear splash down upon him as Hagrid cradle Harry in his arm , and Harry do not dare , by movement or word , to intimate to Hagrid that all be not , yet , lose . " move , " say Voldemort , and Hagrid stumble forward , force his way through the close-growing tree , back through the forest . branch catch at Harry 's hair and robe , but he lie quiescent , his mouth loll open , his eye shut , and in the darkness , while the Death Eaters croed all around them , and while Hagrid sob blindly , nobody look to see whether a pulse beat in the expose neck of Harry Potter . . . . the two giant crash along behind the Death Eaters ; Harry could hear tree creak and fall as they pass ; they make so much din that bird toe shriek into the sky , and even the jeer of the Death Eaters be drown . the victorious procession march on toward the open ground , and after a while Harry could tell , by the lighten of the darkness through his closed eyelid , that the tree be begin to thin . " bane ! " Hagrid 's unexpected bellow nearly force Harry 's eye open . " happy now , be yeh , that Yeh do n't fight , yeh cowardly bunch o ' nag ? be yeh happy Harry Potter 's - d-dead . . . ? " Hagrid could not continue , but break down in fresh tear . Harry wonder how many centaur be watch their procession pass ; he dare not open his eye to look . some of the Death Eaters call insult at the centaur as they leave them behind . a little later , Harry sense , by a freshen of the air , that they have reach the edge of the forest . " stop . " Harry think that Hagrid must have be force to obey Voldemort 's command , because he lurch a little . and now a chill settle over them where they sood , and Harry hear the rasping breath of the dementors that patrol the other tree . they would not affect him now . the fact of his own survival burn inside him , a talisman against them , as though his father 's stag keep guardian in his heart . someone pass close by Harry , and he know that it be Voldemort himself because he speak a moment later , his voice magically magnify so that it swell through the ground , crash upon Harry 's eardrum . " Harry Potter be dead . he be kill as he run away , try to save himself while you lie down your life for him . we bring you his body as proof that your hero be go . " the battle be win . you have lose half of your fighter . my death eater outnumber you , and the Boy who Lived be finish . there must be no more war . anyone who continue to resist , man , woman or child , will be slaughter , as will every member of their family . come out of the castle now , kneel before me , and you shall be spare . your parent and child , your brother and sister will live and be forgive , and you will join me in the new world we shall build togheter . " there be silence in the ground and from the castle . Voldemort be so close to him that Harry do not dare open his eye again . " come , " say Voldemort , and Harry hear him move ahead , and Hagrid be force to follow . now Harry open his eye a fraction , and see Voldemort stride in front them , wear the great snake Nagini around his shoulder , now free of her enchant cage . but Harry have no possibility of extract the wand conceal under his robe without be notice by the Death Eaters , who march on the either side of them through the slowly lighten darkness . . . . " Harry , " sob Hagrid . " oh , Harry . . . Harry . . . " Harry shut his eye tight again . he know that they be approach the castle and strain his ear to distinguish , above the gleeful voice of the Death Eaters and their tramp footstep , sign of life from those within . " stop . " the Death Eaters camte to a halt ; Harry hear them spread out in a line face the opne front door of the school . he could see , even though his closed lid , the teddish glow that mean light stream upon him from the entrance hall . he wait . any moment , the people for whom he have try to die would see him , lie apparently dead , in Hagrid 's arm . " no ! " the scream be the more terrible because he have never expect or dream that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound . he hear another woman laugh nearby , and know that Bellatrix glory in McGonagall 's despair . he squint again for a single second and see the open doorway fill with people , as the survivor of the battle come out onto the front step to face their vanquisher and see the truth of Harry 's death for themselves . he see Voldemort stand a little in front of him , stroke Nagini 's head with a single white finger . he close his eye again . " no ! " " no ! " " Harry ! harry ! " Ron 's , Hermione 's , and Ginny 's voice be bad than McGonagall 's ; Harry want nothing more than to call back , yet he make himself lie silent , and their cry act like a trigger ; the crowd of survivor take up the cause , scream and yell abuse at the Death Eathers , until - " SILENCE ! " cry Voldemort , and there be a bang and a flash of bright light , and silence be force upn them all . " it be over ! set him down , Hagrid , at my foot , where he belong ! " Harry feel himself lower onto the grass . " you see ? say Voldemort , and Harry feel him stride backward and forward right beside the place where he lie . " Harry Potter be dead ! do you understand now , delude one ? he be nothing , ever , but a boy who rely on other to sacrifice themselves for him ! " " he beat you ! " yell Ron , and the charm break , and the defender of Hogwarts be shout and scream again until a second , more powerful bang extinguish their voice once more . " he be kill while try to sneak out of the castle ground , " say Voldemort , and there be a relish in his voice for the lie . " kill while try to save himself - " but Voldemort break off : Harry hear a scuffle and a shout , then another bang , a flash of light , and grunt of pain ; he open his eye an infinitesimal amount . someone have break free of the crowd and charge at Voldemort : Harry see the figure hit the ground . disarm , Voldemort throw the challenger 's wand aside and laugh . " and who be this ? " he say in his soft snake 's hiss . " who have volunteer to demonstrate what happen to those who continue to fight when the battle be lose ? " Bellatrix give a delighted laugh . " it be Neville Longbottom , my Lord ! the boy who have be give the Carrows so much trouble ! the son of the Aurors , remember ? " " ah , yes , I remember , " say Voldemort , look down at Neville , who be struggle back to his foot , unarmed and unproctected , stand in the no-man's-land between the survivor and the Death Eaters . " but you be a pureblood , be n't you , my brave boy ? Voldemort ask Neville , who stand face him , his empty hand curl in fist . " so what if I be ? " say Neville loudly . " you show spirit and bravery , and you come of noble stock . you will make a very valuable Death Eater . we need your kind , Neville Longbottom . " " I will join you when hell freeze over , " say Neville . " Dumbledore 's Army ! " he shout , and there be an answer cheer from the crowd , whom Voldemort 's Silencing Charms seem unable to hold . " very well , " say Voldemort , and Harry hear more danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most powerful curse . " if that be your choice , Longbottom , we revert to the original plan . on your head , " he say quietly , " be it . " still watch through his lash , Harry see Voldemort wave his wand . second later , out of one of the castle 's shattered window , something that look like a misshapen bird fly through the half light and land in Voldemort 's hand . he shake the mildew object by its pointed end and it dangle , emtpy and ragged : the Sorting Hat . " there will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School , " say Voldemort . " there will be no more house . the emblem , sheild and color of my noble ancestor , Salazar Slythering , will suffice everyone . wo n't they , Neville Longbottom ? " he point his wand at Neville , who grow rigid and still , then force the hat onto Neville 's head , so thta it slip down below his eye . there be movement from the watch crowd in front of the castle , and as one , the Death Eaters raise their wand , hold the fighter of Hogwarts at bay . " Neville here be now go to demonstrate what happen to anyone foolish enough to continue to oppose me , " say Voldemort , and with a flick of his wand , he cause the Sorting Hat to burst into flame . scream split the dawn , and Neville be a flame , root to the spot , unable to move , and Harry could not bear it : he must act - and then many thing happen at the same moment . they hear uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sound like hundred of people come swarm over the out-of-sight wall and pelt toward the castle , utter lowd war cry . at the same time , Grawp come lumber around the side of the castel and yell , " Hagger ! " his cry be answer by roar from Voldemort 's giant : they run at Grawp like bull elephant make the earth quake . then come hoof and the twang of bow , and arrow be suddenly fall amongst the Death Eaters , who break rank , shout their surprise . Harry pull the Invisibilty Cloak from inside his robe , swunt it over himself , and spring to his foot , as Neville move too . in one swift , fluid motin , Neville break free of the Body-Bind Curse upon him ; the flaming har fall off him and he draw from its depth something silver , with a glitter , rubied handle - the slash of the silver blade could not be hear over the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sound of the clash giant or of te stampending centaur , and yet , it seemd to draw every eye . with a single stroke Neville slice off the great snake 's head , which spin high into the air , gleam in the light flooding from the entrance hall , and Voldemort 's mouth be open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear , and the snake 's body thud to the ground at his feet- Hidden beneath the Invisibilty Cloak , Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could raise his stamp of the battle giant , Hagrid 's yell come loudets of all . " harry ! " Hagrid shout . " harry - WHERE 's Harry ? " chaos reign . the charge centaur be scatter the Death Eaters , everyone be feel the giant ' stamp foot , and near and nearar thunder the reinforcement that have come from who know where ; Harry see great winget creatues soar the head of Voldemort 's giant , thestrals and Buckbeak the hippogriff scratch at their eye while Grawp punch and pummel them and now the wizard , defender of Hogwarts and Death Eaters alike be be force back into the castle . Harry be shoot jinx and curse at any Death Eater he could see , and they crumple , not know what or who have hit them , and their body be trample by the retreat crowd . still hide beneath the Invisibility Cloak , Harry be buffer into the entrance hall : he be search for Voldemort and see him across the room , fire spell from his wand as he back into the Great Hall , still scream instruction to his follower as he send curse fly left and right ; Harry cast more Shield Charms , and Voldemort 's would-be victim . Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott , datted past him into the Great Hall , where they join the fight already flourish inside it . and now there be more , even more people storm up the front step , and Harry see Charlie Weasly overtake Horace Slughorn , who be still wear his emeral pijamas . they seem to have return at the head of what look like the family and friend of every Hogwarts student who have remain to fight along with the shopkeeps and homeowner of Hogsmeade . the centaur Bane , Ronan and Magorian burst into the hall with a great clatter of hoof , as behind Harry the door that lead to the kitchen be blast off its hinge . the house-elves of Hogwarts swarm intot he entrance hall , scream and wave carving knife and cleaver , and at their head , the locker of Regulus Black bounce on his chest , be Kreacher , his bullfrog 's voice audible even above this din : " fight ! fight ! fight for my Master , defender of house-elves ! fight the Dark Lord , in the name of brave Regulus ! fight ! " they be hack and stab at the ankle and shim of Death Eaters their tiny face alive with malice , and everywhere Harry look Death Eaters be fold under sheer weight of number , overcome by spell , drag arrow from wound , stab in the leg by elf , or else simply attempt to escape , but swallow by the oncoming horde . but it be not over yet : Harry speed between duelers , past atruggling prosoners , and into he Great Hall . Voldemort be in the center of the battle , and he be strike and smite al within reach . Harry could not get a clear shot , but fight his way near , still invisible , and the Great Hall become more and more crowded as everyone who could walk force their way inside . Harry see Yaxley slam tot he floor by George and Lee Jordan , see Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick 's hand , see Walden Macnair throw across the room by Hagrid , hit the stone wall opposite , and slide unconscious to the ground . he see Ron and Neville bring down Fenrir Greyback . Aberforth Stunning Rookwood , Arthur and Percy flooting Thicknesse , and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy run through the crowd , not even attempt to fight , scream for their son . Voldemort be now duel McGonagall , Slughorn , Kingsley all at once , and there be a cold hatred in his face as they weave and duck around him , unable to finish him - Bellatrix be still fighing too , fifty yard away from Voldemort , and like her master she duel three at once : Hermione , Ginny and Luna , all battle their hard , but Bellatrix be equal to them , and Harry 's attention be divert as a Killing Curse shoot so close to Ginny that she miss death by an inch - he change course , run at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort , but before he have go a few step he be knock sideways . " not My DAUGHTER , you BITCH ! " Mrs. Weasley throw off her cloak as she run , free her arm , Bellatrix spin on the spot , roar with laughter at the sight of the new challenger . " out of MY way ! " shout Mrs. Weasley to the three girl , and with a simple swipe of her wand she begin to duel . Harry watch with terror and elation as Molly Weasley 's wand slash and twist , and Bellatrix Lestrange 's smile falter and become a snarl . jet of light fly from both wand , the floor around the withces ' foot become bot and crack ; both woman be fight to kill . " no ! " Mrs. Weasley cry as a few student run forward , try to come to her aid . " get back ! get back ! she be mine ! " hundred of people now line the wall , watch the two fight , Voldemort and his three opponent , Bellatrix and Molly , and Harry stand , invisible , tear between both , want to attack and yet to protect , unable to be sure that he would not hit the innocent . " what will happen to your child when I have kill you ? " taunt Bellatrix , as mad as her master , caper as Molly 's curse dance around her . " when Mummy have go the same way as Freddie ? " " you - will - never - touch - our - child - again ! " scream Mrs. Weasley . Bellatrix laugh the same exhilarate laugh her cousin Sirius have give as he topple backward through the veil , and suddenly Harry know what be go to happen before it do . Molly 's curse soar beneath Bellatrix 's constreched arm and hit her squarely in the chest , directly over her heart . Bellatrix 's glounting smile freeze , her eye seemd to bulge : for the tiny space of time she know what have happen , and then she topple , and the watch crowd roar , and Voldemord scream . Harry feel as though he turn into slow motin : he see McGonagall , Kingsley and Slughorn blast backward , flail and writhe through the air , as Voldemort 's fury at the fall of his last , good leutenant explode with the force of a bomb , Voldemort raise his wand and direct it at Molly Weasley . " Protego ! " roar Harry , and the Shield Charm expand in the middle of the Hall , and Voldemort stare around for the source as Harry pull off the Invisibility Cloak at last . the yell of shock , the cheer , the scream on every side of :"Harry ! " " he be alive ! " be stifle at once . the crowd be afraid , and silence fall abruptly and completely as Voldemort and Harry look at each other , and begin , at the same moment , to circle each other . " I do n't want anyone else to help , " Harry say loudly , and in the total silence his voice carry like a trumpet call . " it be get to be like this . it be get to be me . " Voldemort hiss . " Potter do n't mean that , " he say , his red eye wide . " this be n't how he work , be it ? who be you go to use as a shield today , Potter ? " " nobody , " say Harry simply . " there be no more Horcruxes . it be just you and me . neither can live while the other survive , and one of us be about to leave for good . . . . " " one of us ? " jeer Voldemort , and his wholy body be taut and his red eye stare , a snake that be about to strike . " you think it will be you , do you , the boy who have survive by accident , and because Dumbledore be pull the string ? " " accident , be it , when my mother die to save me ? " ask Harry . they be still move sideways , both of them , in that perfect circle , maintain the same distance from each other , and for Harry no face exist but Voldemort 's . " accident , when I decide to fight in that graveyard ? accident , that I do n't defend myself tonight , and still survive , and return to fight again ? " " accident ! " scream Voldemort , but still he do not strike , and the watch crowd be freeze as if Petrified , and of the hundred in the Hall , nobody seem to breathe but they two . " accident and chance and the fact that you crouch and snivel behind the skirt of great man and woman , and permit me to kill them for you ! " " you wo n't be kill anyone else tonight , " say Harry as they circle , and stare into each other 's eye , green into red . " you wo n't be able to kill any of them ever again . do n't you get it ? I be ready to die to stop you from hurt these people - " " but you do not ! " " - I mean to , and that be what do it . I have do what my mother do . they be protect from you . have n't you notice how none of the spell you put on them be bind ? you ca n't torture them . you ca n't touch them . you do n't learn from your mistake , Riddle , do you ? " " you dare " " Yes , I dare , " say Harry . " I know thing you do n't know , Tom Riddle . I know lot of important thing that you do n't . want to hear some , before you make another big mistake ? " Voldemort do not speak , but powled in a circle , and Harry know that he keep him temporarily mesmerize at bay , hold back by the faint possibility that Harry might indeed know a final secret . . . . " be it love again ? " say Voldemort , his snake 's face jeer . " Dumbledore favorite solution , love , which he claim conqered death , though love do not stop him fall from the tower and break like and old waxwork ? love , which do not prevent me stamp out your Modblood mother like a cockroack , Potter - and nobody seem to love you enough to run forward this time and take my curse . so what will stop you die now when I strike ? " " just one thing , " say Harry , and still they circle each other , wrap in each other , hold apart by nothing but the last secret . " if it be not love that will save you this time , " say Voldemort , " you must believe that you have magic that i do not , or else a weapon more powerful than mine ? " " I believe both , " say Harry , and he see shock flit across the snakelike face , though it be instantly dispel ; Voldemort begin to laugh , and the sound be more frightening than his scream ; humorles and insane , it echo around the silent Hall . " you think know more magic than I do ? " he say . " than I , than Lord Voldemort , who have perform magic that Dumbledore himself never dream of ? " " oh he dream of it , " say Harry , " but he know more than you , know enough not to do what you have do . " " you mean he be weak ! " scream Voldemort . " too weak to dare , too weak to take what might have be his , what will be mine ! " " no , he be clever than you , " say Harry , " a well wizard , a good man . " " I bring about the death of Albus Dumbledore ! " " you think you do , " say Harry , " but you be wrong . " for the frist time , the watch crowd stir as the hundred of people around the wall draw breath as one . " Dumbledore be dead ! " Voldemort hurl the word at Harry as in the marble tomb in the ground of this castle , I have see it , Potter , and he will not return ! " " yes , Dumbledore be dead , " say Harry calmly , " but you do n't have him kill . he choose his own manner of die , choose it month before he die , arrange the whole thing with the man you think be your servant . " " what chldish dream be this ? " say Voldemort , but still he do not strike , and his red eye do not waver from Harry 's . " Severus Snape be n't yours , " say Harry . " Snape be Dumbledore 's . Dumbledore 's from the moment you start hunt down my mother . and you never realize it , because of the thing you ca n't understand . you never see Snape cast a Patronus , do you , Riddle ? " Voldemort do not answer . they continue to circle each other like wolf about to tear each other apart . " Snape 's Patronus be a doe , " say Harry , " the same as my mother be , because he love her for nearly all of his life , from the time when they be child . you should have realize , " he say as he see Voldemort 's nostril flare , " he ask you to spare her life , do n't he ? " " he desire her , that be all , " sneer Voldemort , " but when she have go , he agree that there be other woman , and of pure blood , worhier of him - " " of course he tell you that , " say Harry , " but he be Dumbledore 's spy from the moment you threaten her , and he have be work against you ever since ! Dumbledore be already die when Snape finish him ! " " it matter not ! " shriek Voldemort , who have follow every word with rapt attention , but now let out a cackle of mad laughter . " it matter not whether Snape be mine or Dumbledore 's , or what petty obstacle they try to put in my path ! I crush them as I crush your mother , Snape 's supposed great love ! oh , but it all make sense , Potter , and in way that you do not understand ! " Dumbledore be try to keep the Elder Wand from me ! he intend that Snape should be the true master of the wand ! but I get there ahead of you , little boy - I reach the wand before you could get your hand on it , I understand the truth before you catch up . I kill Severus Snape three hour ago , and the Elder Wand , the Deathstick , the Wand of Destiny be truly mine ! Dumbledore 's last plan go wrong , Harry Potter ! " " yeah , it do . " say Harry . " you be right . but before you try to kill me , I will advise you think what you have do . . . . think , and try for some remorse , Riddle . . . . " " what be this ? " of all the thing that Harry have say to him , beyond any revelation or taunt , nothing have sock Voldemort like this . Harry saw be pupil contract to thin slit , see the skin around his eye whiten . " it be your one last chance , " say Harry , " it be all you have get left . . . . I have see what you will be otherwise . . . . be a man . . . try . . . try for some remorse . . . . " " you dare -- - ? " say Voldemort again . " yes , I dare , " say Harry , " because Dumbledore 's last plan have n't backfire on me at all . it be backfire on you , Riddle . " Voldemort 's hand be tremble on the Elder Wand , and Harry grip Draco be very tightly . the moment , he know , be second away . " that wand still be n't work properly for you because you murder the wrong person . Severus Snape be never the true master of the Elder Wand . he never defeat Dumbledore . " " he kill -- - " " be n't you listen ? Snape never beat Dumbledore ! Dumbledore 's death be plan between them ! Dumbledore instended to die , undefeated , the wand 's last true master ! if all have go as plan , the wand 's power would have die with him , because it have never be win from him ! " " but then , Potter , Dumbledore as good as give me the wand ! " Voldemort 's voice shake with malicious pleasure . " I steal the wand from its last master 's tomb ! I remove it against the last master 's wish ! its power be mine ! " " you still do n't get it , Riddle , do you ? possess the wand be n't enough ! hold it , use it , do n't make it really yours . do n't you listen to Ollivander ? the wand choose the wizard . . . the Elder Wand recognize a new master before Dumbledore die , someone who never even lay a hand on it . the new master remove the wand from Dumbledore against his will , never realize exactly what he have do , or that the world 's most dangerous wand have give him its allegiance . . . " Voldemort 's chest rise and fall rapidly , and Harry could feel the curse come , feel it build inside the wand point at his face . " the true master of the Elder Wand be Draco Malfoy . " blank shock show in Voldemort 's face for a moment , but then it be go . " but what do it matter ? " he say softly . " even if you be right , Potter , it make no difference to you and me . you no longer have the phoenix wand : we duel on skill alone . . . and after I have kill you , I can attend to Draco Malfoy . . . " " but you be too late , " say Harry . " you have miss your chance . I get there first . I overpower Draco week ago . I take his wand from him . " Harry twitch the hawthorn wand , and he feel the eye of everyone in the Hall upon it . " so it all come down to this , do n't it ? " whisper Harry . " do the wand in your hand know its last master be Disarmed ? because if it do . . . I be the true master of the Elder Wand . " a red-glow burst suddenly across the enchant sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appear over the sill of the near window . the light hit both of their face at the same time , so that Voldemort 's be suddenly a flaming blur . Harry hear the high voice shriek as he too yell his good hope to the heaven , point Draco 's wand : " Avada Kedavra ! " " Expelliarmus ! " the bang be like a cannon blast , and the golden flame that erupt between them , at the dead center of the circle they have be tread , mark the point where the spell collide . Harry see Voldemort 's green jet meet his own spell , see the Elder Wand fly high , dark against the sunrise , spin across the enchant ceiling like the head of Nagini , spin through the air toward the master it would not kill , who have come to take full possession of it at last . and Harry , with the unerring skill of the Seeker , catch the wand in his free hand as Voldemort fall backward , arm splay , the slit pupil of the scarlet eye roll upward . Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality , his body feeble and shrunken , the white hand empty , the snakelike face vacant and unknowing . Voldemort be dead , kill by his own rebound curse , and Harry stand with two wand in his hand , stare down at his enemy 's shell . one shiver second of silence , the shock of the moment suspend : and then the tumult break around Harry as the scream and the cheer and the roar of the watcher rent the air . the fierce new sun dazzle the window as they thunder toward him , and the first to reach him be Ron and Hermione , and it be their arm that be wrap around him , their incomprehensible shout that deafen him . the Ginny , Neville , and Luna be there , and then all the Weasleys and Hagrid , and Kingsley and McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout , and Harry could not hear a word that anyone be shout , not tell whose hand be seize him , pull him , try to hug some part of him , hundred of them press in , all of them determine to touch the Boy who Lived , the reason it be over at last -- - the sun rise steadily over Hogwarts , and the Great Hall blaze with life and light . Harry be an indispensible part of the mingle outpouring of jubilation and mourning , of grief and celebration . they want him there with them , their leader and symbol , their savior and their guide , and that he have not sleep , that he crave the company of only a few of them , seem to occur to no one . he must speak to the bereave , clasp their hand , witness their tear , receive their thanks , hear the news now creep in from every quarter as the morning draw on ; that the Imperiused up and down the country have come back to themselves , that Death Eaters be flee or else be capture , that the innocent of Azkaban be be release at that very moment , and that Kingsley Shacklebolt have be name temporary Minister of Magic . they move Voldemort 's body and lay it in a chamber off the Hall , away form the body of Fred , Tonks , Lupin , Colin Creevey , and fifty other who have die fight him . McGonagall have replace the House table , not nobody be sit accord to House anymore : all be jumble together , teacher and pupil , ghost and parent , centaur and house-elves , and Firenze lie recover in the corner , and Grawp peer in through a smashed window , and people be throw food into his laughing mouth . after a while , exhaust and drain , Harry find himself sit on a bench beside Luna . " I will want some peace and quiet , if it be me , " she say . " I will love some , " he reply . " I will distract them all , " she say . " use your cloak . " and before he could say a word , she have cry , " Oooh , look , a Blibbering Humdinger ! " and point out the window . everyone who hear look around , and Harry slide the Cloak up over himself , and get to his foot . now he could move through the Hall without interference . he spot Ginny two table away ; she be sit with her head on her mother 's shoulder : there would be time to talk later , hour and day and maybe year in which to talk . he see Neville , the sword of Gryffindor lie beside his plate as he eat , surround by a knot of fervent admirer . along the aisle between the table he walk , and he spot the three Malfoys , huddle together as though unsure whether or not they be suppose to be there , but nobody be pay them any attention . everywhere he look , he see family reunite , and finally , he see the two whose company he crave most . " it be me , " he mutter , crouch down between them . " will you come with me ? " they stand up at once , and together he , Ron and Hermione leave the Great Hall . great chunk be miss from the marble staircase , part of the balustrade go , and rubble and bloodstain occur ever few step as their climb . somewhere in the distance they could hear Peeves zoom through the corridor sing a victory song of his own composition : we do it , we bash them , wee Potter be the one , and Voldy 's go moldy , so now let be have fun ! " really give a feeling for the scope and tragedy of the thing , do n't it ? " say Ron , push open a door to let Harry and Hermione through . happiness would come , Harry though , but at the moment it be muffle by exhaustion , and the pain of lose Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierce him like a physical wound every few step . most of all he feel the most stupendous relief , and a longing to sleep . but first he owe an explanation to Ron and Hermione , who have stick with him for so long , and who deserve the truth . painstakingly he recount what he have seem in the Pensieve and what have happen in the forest , and they have not even begin to express all their shock and amazement , when at last they arrive at the place to which they have be walk , though none of them have mention their destination . since he have last see it , the gargoyle guard the entrance to the headmaster 's study have be knock aside ; it stand lopsided , look a little punch-drunk , and Harry wonder whether it would be able to distinguish password anymore . " can we go up ? " he ask the gargoyle . " feel free , " groan the statue . they clamber over him and onto the spiral stone staircase that move slowly upward like an escalator . Harry push open the door at the top . he have one , brief glimpse of the stone Pensieve on the desk where he have leave it , and then an earsplitting noise make him cry out , think of curse and return death eater and the rebirth of Voldemort -- - but it be applause . all around the wall , the headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts be give him a standing ovation ; they wave their hat and in some case their wig , they reach through their frame to grip each other 's hand ; they dance up and down on their chair in which they have be paint : Dilys Derwent sob unashamedly ; Dexter Fortescue be wave his ear-trumpet ; and Phineas Niggelus call , in his high , reedy voice , " and let it be note that Slytherin House play its part ! let our contribution not be forget ! " but Harry have eye only for the man who stand in the large portrait directly behind the headmaster 's chair . tear be slide down from behind the half-moon spectacles into the long silver beard , and the pride and the gratitude emanate from him fill Harry wit h the same balm as phoenix song . at last , Harry hold up his hand , and the portrait fall respectfully silent , beam and mop their eye and wait eagerly for him to speak . he direct his word at Dumbledore , however , and choose them with enormous care . exhaust and bleary-eyed though he be , he must make one last effort , seek one last piece of advice . " the thing that be hide in the Snitch , " he begin , " I drop it in the forest . I do n't exactly here , but I be not go to go look for it again . do you agree ? " " my dear boy , I do , " say Dumbledore , while his fellow picture look confused and curious . " a wise and courageous decision , but no less than I would have expect of you . do anyone know else know where it fall ? " " no one , " say Harry , and Dumbledore nod his satisfaction . " I be go to keep Ignotus 's present , though , " say Harry , and Dumbledore beam . " but of course , Harry , it be yours forever , until you pass it on ! " " and then there be this . " Harry hold up the Elder Wand , and Ron and Hermione look at it with a reverence that , even in his befuddle and sleep-deprived state , Harry do not like to see . " I do n't want it . " say Harry . " what ? " say Ron loudly . " be you mental ? " " I know it be powerful , " say Harry wearily . " but I be happy with mine . so . . . " he rummage in the pouch hang around his neck , and pull out the two half of holly tstill just connect by the fine threat of phoenix feather . Hermione have say that they could not be repair , that the damage be too severe . all he know be that if this do not work , nothing would . he lay the break wand upon the headmaster 's desk , touch it with the very tip of the Elder Wand , and say , " Reparo . " as his wand reseal , red spark fly out of its end . Harry know that he have succeed . he pick up the holly and phoenix wand and feel a sudden warmth in his finger , as though wand and hand be rejoice at their reunion . " I be put the Elder Wand , " he tell Dumbledore , who be watch him with enormous affection and admiration , " back where it come from . it can stay there . if I die a natural death like Ignotus , its power will be break , wo n't it ? the previous master will never have be defeat . that will be the end of it . Dumbledore nod . they smile at each other . " be you sure ? " say Ron . there be the faint trace of longing in his voice as he look at the Elder Wand . " I think Harry 's right , " say Hermione quietly . " that wand 's more trouble than it be worth . " say Harry . " and quite honestly , " he turn away from the painted portrait , think now only of the four-poster bed lie waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower , and wonder whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there , " I have have enough trouble for a lifetime . " epilogue Nineteen Years Later Autumn seem to arrive suddenly that year . the morning of the first of September be crisp as an apple , and as the little family bob across the rumble road toward the great sooty station , the fume of car exhaust and the breath of pedestrian sparkle like cobweb in the cold air . two large cage tattle on top of the laden trolley the parent be push ; the owl inside them hoot indignantly , and the redheaded girl trail fearfully behind here brother , clutch her father 's arm . " it wo n't be long , and you will be go too , " Harry tell her . " two year , " sniff Lily . " I want to go now ! " the commuter stare curiously at the owl as the family weave its way toward the barrier between platform nine and ten , Albus 's voice drift back to Harry over the surround clamor ; his son have resume the argument they have start in the car . " I wo n't ! I wo n't be a Slytherin ! " " James , give it a rest ! " say Ginny . " I only say he might be , " say James , grin at his young brother . " there be nothing wrong with that . he might be in Slytherin " but James catch his mother 's eye and fall silent . the five Potters approach the barrier . with a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his young brother , James take the trolley from his mother and break into a run . a moment later , he have vanish . " you will write to me , wo n't you ? " Albus ask his parent immediately , capitalize on the momentary absence of his brother . " every day , of you want us to , " say Ginny . " not every day , " say Albus quickly , " James say most people only get letter from home about once a month . " " we write to James three time a week last year , " say Ginny . " and you do n't want to believe everything he tell you about Hogwarts , " Harry put in . " he like a laugh , your brother . " side by side , they push the second trolley forward , gather speed . as they reach the barrier , Albus wince , but no collision come . instead , the family emerge onto platform nine and three-quarter , which be obscure by thick white steam that be pour from the scarlet Hogwarts Express . indistinct figure be swarm through the mist , into which James have already disappear . " where be they ? " ask Albus anxiously , peer at the hazy form they pass as they make their way down the platform . " we will find them , " say Ginny reassuringly . but the vapor be dense , and it be difficult to make out anybody 's face . detach from their owner , voice sound unnaturally loud , Harry think he head Percy discourse loudly on broomstick regulation , and be quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello . . . . " I think that be them , Al , " say Ginny suddenly . a group of four people emerge from the mist , stand alongside the very last carriage . their face only come into focus when Harry , Ginny , Lily , and Albus have draw right up to them . " hi , " say Albus , sound immensely relieve . Rose , who be already wear her brand-new Hogwarts robe , beam at him . " park all right , then ? " Ron ask Harry . " I do . Hermione do n't believe I could pass a Muggle driving test , do you ? she think I will have to Confound the examiner . " " no , I do n't , " say Hermione , " I have complete faith in you . " " as a matter of fact , I do Confund him , " Ron whisper to Harry , as together they lift Albus 's trunk and owl onto the train . " I only forget to look in the wing mirror , and let be face it , I can use a Supersensory Charm for that . " back on the platform , they find Lily and Hugo , Rose 's young brother , have an animated discussion about which house they would be sort into when they finally go to Hogwarts . " if you be not in Gryffindor , we will disinherit you , " say Ron , " but no pressure . " " Ron ! " Lily and Hugo laugh , but Albus and Rose look solemn . " he do n't mean it , " say Hermione and Ginny , but Ron be no longer pay attention . catch Harry 's eye , he nod covertly to a point some fifty yard away . the steam have thin for a moment , and three people stand in sharp relief against the shift mist . " look who it be . " Draco Malfoy be stand there with his wife and son , a dark coat button up to his throat . his hair be recede somewhat , which emphasize the pointed chin . the new boy resemble Draco as much as Albus resemble Harry . Draco catch sight of Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Ginny stare at him , nod curtly , and turn away again . " so that be little Scorpius , " say Ron under his breath . " make sure you beat him in every test , Rosie . thank God you inherit your mother 's brain . " " Ron , for heaven 's sake , " say Hermione , half stern , half amuse . " do n't try to turn them against each other before they have even start school ! " " you be right , sorry , " say Ron , but unable to help himself , he add , " do n't get too friendly with him , though , Rosie . granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you marry a pureblood . " " hey ! " James have reappear ; he have divest himself of his trunk , owl , and trolley , and be evidently burst with news . " Teddy be back there , " he say breathlessly , point back over his shoulder into the billow cloud of steam . " just see him ! and guess what he be do ? snog Victoire ! " he gaze up at the adult , evidently disappoint by the lack of reaction . " our Teddy ! Teddy Lupin ! snog our Victoire ! our cousin ! and I ask teddy what he be do -- " " you interrupt them ? " say Ginny . " you be so like Ron -- " " -- and he say he will come to see her off ! and then he tell me to go away . he be snog her ! " James add as though worry he have not make himself clear . " oh , it would be lovely if they get married ! " whisper Lily ecstatically . " Teddy would really be part of the family then ! " " he already come round for dinner about four time a week , " say Harry " why do n't we just invite him to live with be and have do with it ? " " yeah ! " say James enthusiastically . " I do n't mind sharing with Al--Teddy could have my room ! " " no , " say Harry firmly , " you and Al will share a room only when I want the house demolish . " he check the battered old watch that have once be Fabian Prewett 's . " it be nearly eleven , you will well get on board . " " do n't forget to give Neville our love ! " Ginny tell James as she hug him . " mum ! I ca n't give a professor love ! " " but you know Neville -- " James roll his eye . " outside , yeah , but at school he be Professor Longbottom , be n't he ? I ca n't walk into Herbology and give him love . . . . " shake his head at his mother 's foolishness , he vent his feeling by aim a kick at Albus . " see you later , Al . watch out for the thestrals . " " I think they be invisible ? you say they be invisible ! " but James merely laugh , permit his mother to kiss him , give his father a fleeting hug , then leap onto the rapidly fill train . they see him wave , then sprint away up the corridor to find his friend . " Thestrals be nothing to worry about , " Harry tell Albus . " they be gentle thing , there be nothing scare about them . anyway , you wo n't be go up to school in the carriage , you will be go in the boat . " Ginny kiss Albus good-bye . " see you at Christmas . " " Bye , Al , " say Harry as his son hug him . " do n't forget Hagrid 's invite you to tea next Friday . do n't mess with Peeves . do n't duel anyone till you be learn how . and do n't let James wind you up . " " what if I be in Slytherin ? " the whisper be for his father alone , and Harry know that only the moment of departure could have force Albus to reveal how great and sincere that fear be . Harry crouch down so that Albus 's face be slightly above his own . alone of Harry 's three child , Albus have inherit Lily 's eye . " Ablus Severus , " Harry say quietly , so that nobody but Ginny could hear , and she be tactful enough to pretend to be wave to rose , who be now on the train , " you be name for two headmaster of Hogwarts . one of them be a Slytherin and he be probably the brave man I ever know . " " but just say -- " " -- then Slytherin House will have gain an excellent student , wo n't it ? it do n't matter to us , Al . but if it matter to you , you will be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin . the Sorting Hat take your choice into account . " " really ? " " it do for me , " say Harry . he have never tell any of his child that before , and he see the wonder in Albus 's face when he say it . but how the doorsr be slam all along the scarlet train , and the blur outline of parent swarm forward for final kiss , last-minute reminder , Albus jump into the carriage and ginny close the door behind him . student be hang from the window nearest them . a great number of face , both on the train and off , seem to be turn toward Harry . " why be they all stare ? " demand Albus as he and rise crane around to look at the other student . " do n't let it worry you , " say Ron . " it be me , I be extremely famous . " Albus , Rose , Hugo , and Lily laugh . the train begin to more , and Harry walk alongside it , watch his son 's thin face , already ablaze with excitement . Harry keep smile and wave , even though it be like a little bereavement , watch his son glide away from him . . . . the last trace of steam evaporate in the autumn air . the train round a corner . Harry 's hand be still raise in farewell . " he will be alright , " murmur Ginny . as Harry look dat her , he lower his hand absentmindedly and touch the lightning scar on his forehead . " I know he will . " the scar have not pain Harry for nineteen year . all be well .
