Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Chapter @card@ the Riddle House the villager of Little Hangleton still call it " the Riddle House , " even though it have be many year since the Riddle family have live there . it stand on a hill overlook the village , some of its window board , tile miss from its roof , and ivy spread unchecked over its face . once a fine-looking manor , and easily the large and grand building for mile around , the Riddle House be now damp , derelict , and unoccupied . the Little Hangletons all agree that the old house be " creepy . " half a century ago , something strange and horrible have happen there , something that the old inhabitant of the village still like to discuss when topic for gossip be scarce . the story have be pick over so many time , and have be embroider in so many place , that nobody be quite sure what the truth be anymore . every version of the tale , however , start in the same place : fifty year before , at daybreak on a fine summer 's morning , when the Riddle House have still be well keep and impressive , a maid have enter the draw room to find all three Riddles dead . the maid have run scream down the hill into the village and rouse as many people as she could . " lie there with their eye wide open ! cold as ice ! still in their dinner thing ! " the police be summon , and the whole of Little Hangleton have seethe with shocked curiosity and ill-disguised excitement . nobody waste their breath pretend to feel very sad about the Riddles , for they have be most unpopular . elderly Mr. and Mrs. Riddle have be rich , snobbish , and rude , and their grown-up son , Tom , have be , if anything , bad . all the villager care about be the identity of their murderer -- for plainly , three apparently healthy people do not all drop dead of natural cause on the same night . the Hanged Man , the village pub , do a roar trade that night ; the whole village seem to have turn out to discuss the murder . they be reward for leave their fireside when the Riddles ' cook arrive dramatically in their midst and announce to the suddenly silent pub that a man call Frank Bryce have just be arrest . " Frank ! " cry several people . " never ! " Frank Bryce be the Riddles ' gardener . he live alone in a rundown cottage on the ground of the Riddle House . Frank have come back from the war with a very stiff leg and a great dislike of crowd and loud noise , and have be work for the Riddles ever since . there be a rush to buy the cook drink and hear more detail . " always think he be odd , " she tell the eagerly listen villager , after her fourth sherry . " unfriendly , like . I be sure if I have offer him a cuppa once , I have offer it a hundred time . never want to mix , he do n't . " " ah , now , " say a woman at the bar , " he have a hard war , Frank . he like the quiet life . that be no reason to -- " " who else have a key to the back door , then ? " bark the cook . " there have be a spare key hanging in the gardener 's cottage far back as I can remember ! nobody force the door last night ! no break window ! all Frank have to do be creep up to the big house while we be all sleeping ... " the villager exchange dark look . " I always think he have a nasty look about him , right enough , " grunt a man at the bar . " War turn him funny , if you ask me , " say the landlord . " tell you I would n't like to get on the wrong side of Frank , do n't I , Dot ? " say an excited woman in the corner . " horrible temper , " say Dot , nod fervently . " I remember , when he be a kid ... " by the follow morning , hardly anyone in Little Hangleton doubt that Frank Bryce have kill the Riddles . but over in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton , in the dark and dingy police station , Frank be stubbornly repeating , again and again , that he be innocent , and that the only person he have see near the house on the day of the Riddles ' death have be a teenage boy , a stranger , dark-haired and pale . nobody else in the village have see any such boy , and the police be quite sure that Frank have invent him . then , just when thing be look very serious for Frank , the report on the Riddles ' body come back and change everything . the police have never read an odd report . a team of doctor have examine the body and have conclude that none of the Riddles have be poison , stab , shot , strangle , suffocate , or ( as far as they could tell ) harm at all . in fact ( the report continue , in a tone of unmistakable bewilderment ) , the Riddles all appear to be in perfect health -- apart from the fact that they be all dead . the doctor do note ( as though determine to find something wrong with the body ) that each of the Riddles have a look of terror upon his or her face -- but as the frustrated police say , whoever hear of three people be frighten to death ? as there be no proof that the Riddles have be murder at all , the police be force to let Frank go . the Riddles be bury in the Little Hangleton churchyard , and their grave remain object of curiosity for a while . to everyone 's surprise , and amid a cloud of suspicion , Frank Bryce return to his cottage on the ground of the Riddle House . " ' S far as I be concern , he kill them , and I do n't care what the police say , " say Dot in the Hanged man . " and if he have any decency , he will leave here , know as how we know he do it . " but Frank do not leave . he stay to tend the garden for the next family who live in the Riddle House , and then the next -- for neither family stay long . perhaps it be partly because of Frank that the new owner say there be a nasty feeling about the place , which , in the absence of inhabitant , start to fall into disrepair . the wealthy man who own the Riddle House these day neither live there nor put it to any use ; they say in the village that he keep it for " tax reason , " though nobody be very clear what these might be . the wealthy owner continue to pay Frank to do the gardening , however . Frank be near his seventy-seventh birthday now , very deaf , his bad leg stiff than ever , but could be see potter around the flower bed in fine weather , even though the weed be start to creep up on him , try as he might to suppress them . weed be not the only thing Frank have to contend with either . boy from the village make a habit of throw stone through the window of the Riddle House . they ride their bicycle over the lawn Frank work so hard to keep smooth . once or twice , they break into the old house for a dare . they know that old Frank 's devotion to the house and ground amount almost to an obsession , and it amuse them to see him limp across the garden , brandish his stick and yell croakily at them . Frank , for his part , believe the boy torment him because they , like their parent and grandparent , think him a murderer . so when Frank awake one night in August and see something very odd up at the old house , he merely assume that the boy have go one step further in their attempt to punish him . it be Frank 's bad leg that wake him ; it be pain him worse than ever in his old age . he get up and limp downstairs into the kitchen with the idea of refill his hot-water bottle to ease the stiffness in his knee . stand at the sink , fill the kettle , he look up at the Riddle House and see light glimmer in its upper window . Frank know at once what be go on . the boy have break into the house again , and judge by the flicker quality of the light , they have start a fire . Frank have no telephone , and in any case , he have deeply mistrust the police ever since they have take him in for question about the Riddles ' death . he put down the kettle at once , hurry back upstairs as fast as his bad leg would allow , and be soon back in his kitchen , fully dress and remove a rusty old key from its hook by the door . he pick up his walk stick , which be prop against the wall , and set off into the night . the front door of the Riddle House bear no sign of be force , nor do any of the window . Frank limp around to the back of the house until he reach a door almost completely hide by ivy , take out the old key , put it into the lock , and open the door noiselessly . he let himself into the cavernous kitchen . Frank have not enter it for many year ; nevertheless , although it be very dark , he remember where the door into the hall be , and he grope his way toward it , his nostril full of the smell of decay , ear prick for any sound of footstep or voice from overhead . he reach the hall , which be a little lighter owe to the large mullioned window on either side of the front door , and start to climb the stair , bless the dust that lie thick upon the stone , because it muffle the sound of his foot and stick . on the landing , Frank turn right , and see at once where the intruder be : at the very end of the passage a door stand ajar , and a flicker light shine through the gap , cast a long sliver of gold across the black floor . Frank edge closer and closer , grasp his walk stick firmly . several foot from the entrance , he be able to see a narrow slice of the room beyond . the fire , he now see , have be light in the grate . this surprise him . then he stop move and listen intently , for a man 's voice speak within the room ; it sound timid and fearful . " there be a little more in the bottle , My Lord , if you be still hungry . " " later , " say a second voice . this too belong to a man -- but it be strangely high-pitched , and cold as a sudden blast of icy wind . something about that voice make the sparse hair on the back of Frank 's neck stand up . " move me close to the fire , Wormtail . " Frank turn his right ear toward the door , the well to hear . there come the clink of a bottle be put down upon some hard surface , and then the dull scrape noise of a heavy chair be drag across the floor . Frank catch a glimpse of a small man , his back to the door , push the chair into place . he be wear a long black cloak , and there be a bald patch at the back of his head . then he go out of sight again . " where be Nagini ? " say the cold voice . " I -- I do n't know , My Lord , " say the first voice nervously . " she set out to explore the house , I think ... " " you will milk her before we retire , Wormtail , " say the second voice . " I will need feeding in the night . the journey have tire me greatly . " Brow furrow , Frank incline his good ear still closer to the door , listen very hard . there be a pause , and then the man call Wormtail speak again . " My Lord , may I ask how long we be go to stay here ? " " a week , " say the cold voice . " perhaps longer . the place be moderately comfortable , and the plan can proceed yet . it would be foolish to act before the Quidditch World Cup be over . " Frank insert a gnarled finger into his ear and rotate it . owing , no doubt , to a buildup of earwax , he have hear the word " Quidditch , " which be not a word at all . " the -- the Quidditch World Cup , My Lord ? " say Wormtail . ( Frank dig his finger still more vigorously into his ear . ) " Forgive me , but -- I do not understand -- why should we wait until the World Cup be over ? " " because , fool , at this very moment wizard be pour into the country from all over the world , and every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on duty , on the watch for sign of unusual activity , check and double-check identity . they will be obsess with security , lest the Muggles notice anything . so we wait . " Frank stop try to clear out his ear . he have distinctly hear the word " Ministry of Magic , " " wizard , " and " Muggles . " plainly , each of these expression mean something secret , and Frank could think of only two sort of people who would speak in code : spy and criminal . Frank tighten his hold on his walking stick once more , and listen more closely still . " your lordship be still determine , then ? " Wormtail say quietly . " certainly I be determine , Wormtail . " there be a note of menace in the cold voice now . a slight pause follow -- and then Wormtail speak , the word tumble from him in a rush , as though he be force himself to say this before he lose his nerve . " it could be do without Harry Potter , My Lord . " another pause , more protracted , and then - " without Harry Potter ? " breathe the second voice softly . " I see ... " " My Lord , I do not say this out of concern for the boy ! " say Wormtail , his voice rise squeakily . " the boy be nothing to me , nothing at all ! it be merely that if we be to use another witch or wizard -- any wizard -- the thing could be do so much more quickly ! if you allow me to leave you for a short while -- you know that I can disguise myself most effectively -- I could be back here in as little as two day with a suitable person -- " " I could use another wizard , " say the cold voice softly , " that be true ... " " My Lord , it make sense , " say Wormtail , sound thoroughly relieve now . " lay hand on Harry Potter would be so difficult , he be so well protect -- " " and so you volunteer to go and fetch me a substitute ? I wonder ... perhaps the task of nursing me have become wearisome for you , " Wormtail ? could this suggestion of abandon the plan be nothing more than an attempt to desert me ? " " My Lord ! I -- I have no wish to leave you , none at all -- " " do not lie to me ! " hiss the second voice . " I can always tell , Wormtail ! you be regret that you ever return to me . I revolt you . I see you flinch when you look at me , feel you shudder when you touch me ... " " no ! my devotion to your lordship -- " " your devotion be nothing more than cowardice . you would not be here if you have anywhere else to go . how be I to survive without you , when I need feed every few hour ? who be to milk Nagini ? " " but you seem so much strong , My Lord -- " " Liar , " breathe the second voice . " I be no strong , and a few day alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have regain under your clumsy care . silence ! " Wormtail , who have be sputter incoherently , fall silent at once . for a few second , Frank could hear nothing but the fire crackling . then the second man speak once more , in a whisper that be almost a hiss . " I have my reason for use the boy , as I have already explain to you , and I will use no other . I have wait thirteen year . a few more month will make no difference . as for the protection surround the boy , I believe my plan will be effective . all that be need be a little courage from you , Wormtail -- courage you will find , unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord Voldemort 's wrath -- " " My Lord , I must speak ! " say Wormtail , panic in his voice now . " all through our journey I have go over the plan in my head -- My Lord , Bertha Jorkins 's disappearance will not go unnoticed for long , and if we proceed , if I murder -- " " if ? " whisper the second voice . " if ? if you follow the plan , Wormtail , the Ministry need never know that anyone else have die . you will do it quietly and without fuss ; I only wish that I could do it myself , but in my present condition ... Come , Wormtail , one more death and our path to Harry Potter be clear . I be not ask you to do it alone . by that time , my faithful servant will have rejoin us -- " " I be a faithful servant , " say Wormtail , the merest trace of sullenness in his voice . " Wormtail , I need somebody with brain , somebody whose loyalty have never waver , and you , unfortunately , fulfill neither requirement . " " I find you , " say Wormtail , and there be definitely a sulky edge to his voice now . " I be the one who find you . I bring you Bertha Jorkins . " " that be true , " say the second man , sound amuse . " a stroke of brilliance I would not have think possible from you , Wormtail -- though , if truth be tell , you be not aware how useful she would be when you catch her , be you ? " " I -- I think she might be useful , My Lord -- " " Liar , " say the second voice again , the cruel amusement more pronounced than ever . " however , I do not deny that her information be invaluable . without it , I could never have form our plan , and for that , you will have your reward , Wormtail . I will allow you to perform an essential task for me , one that many of my follower would give their right hand to perform ... " " R-really , My Lord ? what -- ? " Wormtail sound terrify again . " ah , Wormtail , you do n't want me to spoil the surprise ? your part will come at the very end ... but I promise you , you will have the honor of be just as useful as Bertha Jorkins . " " you ... you ... " Wormtail 's voice suddenly sound hoarse , as though his mouth have go very dry . " you ... be go ... to kill me too ? " " Wormtail , Wormtail , " say the cold voice silkily , " why would I kill you ? I kill Bertha because I have to . she be fit for nothing after my questioning , quite useless . in any case , awkward question would have be ask if she have go back to the Ministry with the news that she have meet you on her holiday . wizard who be suppose to be dead would do well not to run into Ministry of Magic witch at wayside inn ... " Wormtail mutter something so quietly that Frank could not hear it , but it make the second man laugh -- an entirely mirthless laugh , cold as his speech . " we could have modify her memory ? but Memory Charms can be break by a powerful wizard , as I prove when I question her . it would be an insult to her memory not to use the information I extract from her , Wormtail . " out in the corridor , Frank suddenly become aware that the hand grip his walk stick be slippery with sweat . the man with the cold voice have kill a woman . he be talk about it without any kind of remorse -- with amusement . he be dangerous -- a madman . and he be plan more murder -- this boy , Harry Potter , whoever he be -- be in danger - Frank know what he must do . now , if ever , be the time to go to the police . he would creep out of the house and head straight for the telephone box in the village ... but the cold voice be speak again , and Frank remain where he be , freeze to the spot , listen with all his might . " one more murder ... my faithful servant at Hogwarts ... Harry Potter be as good as mine , Wormtail . it be decide . there will be no more argument . but quiet ... I think I hear Nagini ... " and the second man 's voice change . he start make noise such as Frank have never hear before ; he be hiss and spit without draw breath . Frank think he must be have some sort of fit or seizure . and then Frank hear movement behind him in the dark passageway . he turn to look , and find himself paralyze with fright . something be slither toward him along the dark corridor floor , and as it draw near to the sliver of firelight , he realize with a thrill of terror that it be a gigantic snake , at least twelve foot long . horrify , transfix , Frank stare as its undulate body cut a wide , curve track through the thick dust on the floor , come close and close -- what be he to do ? the only means of escape be into the room where two man sit plot murder , yet if he stay where he be the snake would surely kill him - but before he have make his decision , the snake be level with him , and then , incredibly , miraculously , it be pass ; it be follow the spit , hiss noise make by the cold voice beyond the door , and in second , the tip of its diamond-patterned tail have vanish through the gap . there be sweat on Frank 's forehead now , and the hand on the walk stick be tremble . inside the room , the cold voice be continue to hiss , and Frank be visit by a strange idea , an impossible idea ... this man could talk to snake . Frank do n't understand what be go on . he want more than anything to be back in his bed with his hot-water bottle . the problem be that his leg do n't seem to want to move . as he stand there shake and try to master himself , the cold voice switch abruptly to English again . " Nagini have interesting news , Wormtail , " it say . " In-indeed , My Lord ? " say Wormtail . " indeed , yes , " say the voice . " accord to Nagini , there be an old Muggle standing right outside this room , listen to every word we say . " Frank do n't have a chance to hide himself . there be footstep , and then the door of the room be fling wide open . a short , balding man with gray hair , a pointed nose , and small , watery eye stand before Frank , a mixture of fear and alarm in his face . " invite him inside , Wormtail . where be your manner ? " the cold voice be come from the ancient armchair before the fire , but Frank could n't see the speaker . the snake , on the other hand , be curl up on the rot hearth rug , like some horrible travesty of a pet dog . Wormtail beckon Frank into the room . though still deeply shake , Frank take a firm grip upon his walk stick and limp over the threshold . the fire be the only source of light in the room ; it cast long , spidery shadow upon the wall . Frank stare at the back of the armchair ; the man inside it seem to be even small than his servant , for Frank could n't even see the back of his head . " you hear everything , Muggle ? " say the cold voice . " what be that you be call me ? " say Frank defiantly , for now that he be inside the room , now that the time have come for some sort of action , he feel brave ; it have always be so in the war . " I be call you a Muggle , " say the voice coolly . " it mean that you be not a wizard . " " I do n't know what you mean by wizard , " say Frank , his voice grow steady . " all I know be I have hear enough to interest the police tonight , I have . you have do murder and you be plan more ! and I will tell you this too , " he add , on a sudden inspiration , " my wife know I be up here , and if I do n't come back -- " " you have no wife , " say the cold voice , very quietly . " nobody know you be here . you tell nobody that you be come . do not lie to Lord Voldemort , Muggle , for he know ... he always know ... " " be that right ? " say Frank roughly . " Lord , be it ? well , I do n't think much of your manner , My Lord . turn ' round and face me like a man , why do n't you ? " " but I be not a man , Muggle , " say the cold voice , barely audible now over the crackling of the flame . " I be much , much more than a man . however ... why not ? I will face you ... Wormtail , come turn my chair around . " the servant give a whimper . " you hear me , Wormtail . " slowly , with his face screw up , as though he would rather have do anything than approach his master and the hearth rug where the snake lie , the small man walk forward and begin to turn the chair . the snake lift its ugly triangular head and hiss slightly as the leg of the chair snag on its rug . and then the chair be face Frank , and he see what be sit in it . his walking stick fall to the floor with a clatter . he open his mouth and let out a scream . he be scream so loudly that he never hear the word the thing in the chair speak as it raise a wand . there be a flash of green light , a rush sound , and Frank Bryce crumple . he be dead before he hit the floor . two hundred mile away , the boy call Harry Potter wake with a start . Chapter @card@ the Scar Harry lie flat on his back , breathe hard as though he have be run . he have awake from a vivid dream with his hand press over his face . the old scar on his forehead , which be shape like a bolt of lightning , be burn beneath his finger as though someone have just press a white-hot wire to his skin . he sit up , one hand still on his scar , the other reach out in the darkness for his glass , which be on the bedside table . he put them on and his bedroom come into clear focus , light by a faint , misty orange light that be filter through the curtain from the street lamp outside the window . Harry run his finger over the scar again . it be still painful . he turn on the lamp beside him , scramble out of bed , cross the room , open his wardrobe , and peer into the mirror on the inside of the door . a skinny boy of fourteen look back at him , his bright green eye puzzle under his untidy black hair . he examine the lightning-bolt scar of his reflection more closely . it look normal , but it be still stinging . Harry try to recall what he have be dream about before he have awake . it have seem so real ... there have be two people he know and one he do n't ... he concentrate hard , frown , try to remember ... the dim picture of a darken room come to him ... there have be a snake on a hearth rug ... a small man call Peter , nickname Wormtail ... and a cold , high voice ... the voice of Lord Voldemort . Harry feel as though an ice cube have slip down into his stomach at the very think ... he close his eye tightly and try to remember what Voldemort have look like , but it be impossible ... all Harry know be that at the moment when Voldemort 's chair have swing around , and he , Harry , have see what be sit in it , he have feel a spasm of horror , which have awake him ... or have that be the pain in his scar ? and who have the old man be ? for there have definitely be an old man ; Harry have watch him fall to the ground . it be all become confuse . Harry put his face into his hand , block out his bedroom , try to hold on to the picture of that dimly light room , but it be like try to keep water in his cupped hand ; the detail be now trickle away as fast as he try to hold on to them ... Voldemort and Wormtail have be talk about someone they have kill , though Harry could not remember the name ... and they have be plot to kill someone else ... him ! Harry take his face out of his hand , open his eye , and stare around his bedroom as though expect to see something unusual there . as it happen , there be an extraordinary number of unusual thing in this room . a large wooden trunk stand open at the foot of his bed , reveal a cauldron , broomstick , black robe , and assorted spellbooks . roll of parchment litter that part of his desk that be not take up by the large , empty cage in which his snowy owl , Hedwig , usually perch . on the floor beside his bed a book lie open ; Harry have be read it before he fall asleep last night . the picture in this book be all move . man in bright orange robe be zoom in and out of sight on broomstick , throw a red ball to one another . Harry walk over to the book , pick it up , and watch one of the wizard score a spectacular goal by put the ball through a fifty-foot-high hoop . then he snap the book shut . even Quidditch -- in Harry 's opinion , the good sport in the world -- could n't distract him at the moment . he place Flying with the Cannons on his bedside table , cross to the window , and draw back the curtain to survey the street below . privet Drive look exactly as a respectable suburban street would be expect to look in the early hour of Saturday morning . all the curtain be close . as far as Harry could see through the darkness , there be n't a live creature in sight , not even a cat . and yet ... and yet ... Harry go restlessly back to the bed and sit down on it , run a finger over his scar again . it be n't the pain that bother him ; Harry be no stranger to pain and injury . he have lose all the bone from his right arm once and have them painfully regrown in a night . the same arm have be pierce by a venomous foot-long fang not long afterward . only last year Harry have fall fifty foot from an airborne broomstick . he be use to bizarre accident and injury ; they be unavoidable if you attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and have a knack for attract a lot of trouble . no , the thing that be bother Harry be that the last time his scar have hurt him , it have be because Voldemort have be close by ... but Voldemort could n't be here , now ... the idea of Voldemort lurk in Privet Drive be absurd , impossible ... Harry listen closely to the silence around him . be he half-expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the swish of a cloak ? and then he jump slightly as he hear his cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunt snore from the next room . Harry shake himself mentally ; he be be stupid . there be no one in the house with him except Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and Dudley , and they be plainly still asleep , their dream untroubled and painless . asleep be the way Harry like the Dursley good ; it be n't as though they be ever any help to him awake . Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and Dudley be Harry 's only living relative . they be Muggles who hate and despise magic in any form , which mean that Harry be about as welcome in their house as dry rot . they have explain away Harry 's long absence at Hogwarts over the last three year by tell everyone that he go to St. Brutus 's Secure Center for incurably criminal boy . they know perfectly well that , as an underage wizard , Harry be n't allow to use magic outside Hogwarts , but they be still apt to blame him for anything that go wrong about the house . Harry have never be able to confide in them or tell them anything about his life in the wizarding world . the very idea of go to them when they awake , and tell them about his scar hurt him , and about his worry about Voldemort , be laughable . and yet it be because of Voldemort that Harry have come to live with the Dursley in the first place . if it have n't be for Voldemort , Harry would not have have the lightning scar on his forehead . if it have n't be for Voldemort , Harry would still have have parent ... Harry have be a year old the night that Voldemort -- the most powerful dark wizard for a century , a wizard who have be gain power steadily for eleven year -- arrive at his house and kill his father and mother . Voldemort have then turn his wand on Harry ; he have perform the curse that have dispose of many full-grown witch and wizard in his steady rise to power -- and , incredibly , it have not work . instead of kill the small boy , the curse have rebound upon Voldemort . Harry have survive with nothing but a lightning-shaped cut on his forehead , and Voldemort have be reduce to something barely alive . his power go , his life almost extinguish , Voldemort have flee ; the terror in which the secret community of witch and wizard have live for so long have lift , Voldemort 's follower have disband , and Harry Potter have become famous . it have be enough of a shock for Harry to discover , on his eleventh birthday , that he be a wizard ; it have be even more disconcert to find out that everyone in the hidden wizarding world know his name . Harry have arrive at Hogwarts to find that head turn and whisper follow him wherever he go . but he be use to it now : at the end of this summer , he would be start his fourth year at Hogwarts , and Harry be already count the day until he would be back at the castle again . but there be still a fortnight to go before he go back to school . he look hopelessly around his room again , and his eye pause on the birthday card his two good friend have send him at the end of July . what would they say if Harry write to them and tell them about his scar hurt ? at once , Hermione Granger 's voice seem to fill his head , shrill and panicky . " your scar hurt ? Harry , that be really serious ... write to Professor Dumbledore ! and I will go and check common magical ailment and affliction ... maybe there be something in there about curse scar ... " Yes , that would be Hermione 's advice : go straight to the headmaster of Hogwarts , and in the meantime , consult a book . Harry stare out of the window at the inky blue-black sky . he doubt very much whether a book could help him now . as far as he know , he be the only living person to have survive a curse like Voldemort 's ; it be highly unlikely , therefore , that he would find his symptom list in Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions . as for inform the headmaster , Harry have no idea where Dumbledore go during the summer holiday . he amuse himself for a moment , picture Dumbledore , with his long silver beard , full-length wizard 's robe , and pointed hat , stretch out on a beach somewhere , rub suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose . wherever Dumbledore be , though , Harry be sure that Hedwig would be able to find him ; Harry 's owl have never yet fail to deliver a letter to anyone , even without an address . but what would he write ? Dear Professor Dumbledore , sorry to bother you , but my scar hurt this morning . yours sincerely , Harry Potter . even inside his head the word sound stupid . and so he try to imagine his other good friend , Ron Weasley 's , reaction , and in a moment , Ron 's red hair and long-nosed , freckled face seem to swim before Harry , wear a bemused expression . " your scar hurt ? but ... but You-Know-Who ca n't be near you now , can he ? I mean ... you will know , would n't you ? he will be try to do you in again , would n't he ? I dunno , Harry , maybe curse scar always twinge a bit ... I will ask Dad ... " Mr. Weasley be a fully qualified wizard who work in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic , but he do n't have any particular expertise in the matter of curse , as far as Harry know . in any case , Harry do n't like the idea of the whole Weasley family know that he , Harry , be get jumpy about a few moment ' pain . Mrs. Weasley would fuss bad than Hermione , and Fred and George , Ron 's sixteen-year-old twin brother , might think Harry be lose his nerve . the Weasleys be Harry 's favorite family in the world ; he be hope that they might invite him to stay any time now ( Ron have mention something about the Quidditch World Cup ) , and he somehow do n't want his visit punctuate with anxious inquiry about his scar . Harry knead his forehead with his knuckle . what he really want ( and it feel almost shameful to admit it to himself ) be someone like -- someone like a parent : an adult wizard whose advice he could ask without feel stupid , someone who care about him , who have have experience with Dark Magic ... and then the solution come to him . it be so simple , and so obvious , that he could n't believe it have take so long -- Sirius . Harry leap up from the bed , hurry across the room , and sit down at his desk ; he pull a piece of parchment toward him , load his eagle-feather quill with ink , write Dear Sirius , then pause , wonder how good to phrase his problem , still marvel at the fact that he have n't think of Sirius straight away . but then , perhaps it be n't so surprising -- after all , he have only find out that Sirius be his godfather two month ago . there be a simple reason for Sirius 's complete absence from Harry 's life until then -- Sirius have be in Azkaban , the terrifying wizard jail guard by creature call dementors , sightless , soul-sucking fiend who have come to search for Sirius at Hogwarts when he have escape . yet Sirius have be innocent -- the murder for which he have be convict have be commit by Wormtail , Voldemort 's supporter , whom nearly everybody now believe dead . Harry , Ron , and Hermione know otherwise , however ; they have come face-to-face with Wormtail only the previous year , though only Professor Dumbledore have believe their story . for one glorious hour , Harry have believe that he be leave the Dursley at last , because Sirius have offer him a home once his name have be clear . but the chance have be snatch away from him -- Wormtail have escape before they could take him to the Ministry of Magic , and Sirius have have to flee for his life . Harry have help him escape on the back of a hippogriff call Buckbeak , and since then , Sirius have be on the run . the home Harry might have have if Wormtail have not escape have be haunt him all summer . it have be doubly hard to return to the Dursley know that he have so nearly escape them forever . nevertheless , Sirius have be of some help to Harry , even if he could n't be with him . it be due to Sirius that Harry now have all his school thing in his bedroom with him . the Dursley have never allow this before ; their general wish of keep Harry as miserable as possible , couple with their fear of his power , have lead them to lock his school trunk in the cupboard under the stair every summer prior to this . but their attitude have change since they have find out that Harry have a dangerous murderer for a godfather -- for Harry have conveniently forget to tell them that Sirius be innocent . Harry have receive two letter from Sirius since he have be back at Privet Drive . both have be deliver , not by owl ( as be usual with wizard ) , but by large , brightly color tropical bird . Hedwig have not approve of these flashy intruder ; she have be most reluctant to allow them to drink from her water tray before fly off again . Harry , on the other hand , have like them ; they put him in mind of palm tree and white sand , and he hope that , wherever Sirius be ( Sirius never say , in case the letter be intercept ) , he be enjoy himself . somehow , Harry find it hard to imagine dementors survive for long in bright sunlight ; perhaps that be why Sirius have go south . Sirius 's letter , which be now hide beneath the highly useful loose floorboard under Harry 's bed , sound cheerful , and in both of them he have remind Harry to call on him if ever Harry need to . well , he need to now , all right ... Harry 's lamp seem to grow dim as the cold gray light that precede sunrise slowly creep into the room . finally , when the sun have rise , when his bedroom wall have turn gold , and when sound of movement could be hear from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia 's room , Harry clear his desk of crumpled piece of parchment and reread his finished letter . Dear Sirius , thanks for your last letter . that bird be enormous ; it could hardly get through my window . thing be the same as usual here . Dudley 's diet be n't go too well . my aunt find him smuggle doughnut into his room yesterday . they tell him they will have to cut his pocket money if he keep do it , so he get really angry and chuck his PlayStation out of the window . that be a sort of computer thing you can play game on . bit stupid really , now he have n't even get Mega-Mutilation Part Three to take his mind off thing . I be okay , mainly because the Dursley be terrify you might turn up and turn them all into bat if I ask you to . a weird thing happen this morning , though . my scar hurt again . last time that happen it be because Voldemort be at Hogwarts . but I do n't reckon he can be anywhere near me now , can he ? do you know if curse scar sometimes hurt year afterward ? I will send this with Hedwig when she get back ; she be off hunt at the moment . say hello to Buckbeak for me . Harry Yes , think Harry , that look all right . there be no point put in the dream ; he do n't want it to look as though he be too worry . he fold up the parchment and lay it aside on his desk , ready for when Hedwig return . then he get to his foot , stretch , and open his wardrobe once more . without glance at his reflection , he start to get dress before go down to breakfast . Chapter @card@ the invitation by the time Harry arrive in the kitchen , the three Dursley be already seat around the table . none of them look up as he enter or sit down . Uncle Vernon 's large red face be hide behind the morning 's Daily Mail , and Aunt Petunia be cut a grapefruit into quarter , her lip purse over her horselike tooth . Dudley look furious and sulky , and somehow seem to be take up even more space than usual . this be say something , as he always take up an entire side of the square table by himself . when Aunt Petunia put a quarter of unsweetened grapefruit onto Dudley 's plate with a tremulous " there you be , Diddy darling , " Dudley glower at her . his life have take a most unpleasant turn since he have come home for the summer with his end-of-year report . Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia have manage to find excuse for his bad mark as usual : aunt Petunia always insist that Dudley be a very gifted boy whose teacher do n't understand him , while Uncle Vernon maintain that " he do n't want some swotty little nancy boy for a son anyway . " they also skate over the accusation of bully in the report -- " he be a boisterous little boy , but he would n't hurt a fly ! " aunt Petunia have say tearfully . however , at the bottom of the report there be a few well-chosen comment from the school nurse that not even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia could explain away . no matter how much Aunt Petunia wail that Dudley be big-boned , and that his poundage be really puppy fat , and that he be a grow boy who need plenty of food , the fact remain that the school outfitter do n't stock knickerbockers big enough for him anymore . the school nurse have see what Aunt Petunia 's eye -- so sharp when it come to spot fingerprint on her gleam wall , and in observe the coming and going of the neighbor -- simply refuse to see : that far from need extra nourishment , Dudley have reach roughly the size and weight of a young killer whale . so -- after many tantrum , after argument that shake Harry 's bedroom floor , and many tear from Aunt Petunia -- the new regime have begin . the diet sheet that have be send by the Smeltings school nurse have be tape to the fridge , which have be empty of all Dudley 's favorite thing -- fizzy drink and cake , chocolate bar and burger -- and fill instead with fruit and vegetable and the sort of thing that Uncle Vernon call " rabbit food . " to make Dudley feel well about it all , Aunt Petunia have insist that the whole family follow the diet too . she now pass a grapefruit quarter to Harry . he notice that it be a lot small than Dudley 's . aunt Petunia seem to feel that the good way to keep up Dudley 's morale be to make sure that he do , at least , get more to eat than Harry . but Aunt Petunia do n't know what be hide under the loose floorboard upstairs . she have no idea that Harry be not follow the diet at all . the moment he have get wind of the fact that he be expect to survive the summer on carrot stick , Harry have send Hedwig to his friend with plea for help , and they have rise to the occasion magnificently . Hedwig have return from Hermione 's house with a large box stuff full of sugar-free snack . ( Hermione 's parent be dentist . ) Hagrid , the Hogwarts gamekeeper , have oblige with a sack full of his own homemade rock cake . ( Harry have n't touch these ; he have have too much experience of Hagrid 's cooking . ) Mrs. Weasley , however , have send the family owl , Errol , with an enormous fruitcake and assorted meat pie . Poor Errol , who be elderly and feeble , have need a full five day to recover from the journey . and then on Harry 's birthday ( which the Dursley have completely ignore ) he have receive four superb birthday cake , one each from Ron , Hermione , Hagrid , and Sirius . Harry still have two of them leave , and so , look forward to a real breakfast when he get back upstairs , he eat his grapefruit without complaint . Uncle Vernon lay aside his paper with a deep sniff of disapproval and look down at his own grapefruit quarter . " be this it ? " he say grumpily to Aunt Petunia . aunt Petunia give him a severe look , and then nod pointedly at Dudley , who have already finish his own grapefruit quarter and be eye Harry 's with a very sour look in his piggy little eye . Uncle Vernon give a great sigh , which ruffle his large , bushy mustache , and pick up his spoon . the doorbell ring . Uncle Vernon heave himself out of his chair and set off down the hall . quick as a flash , while his mother be occupy with the kettle , Dudley steal the rest of Uncle Vernon 's grapefruit . Harry hear talk at the door , and someone laugh , and Uncle Vernon answer curtly . then the front door close , and the sound of ripping paper come from the hall . aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and look curiously around to see where Uncle Vernon have get to . she do n't have to wait long to find out ; after about a minute , he be back . he look livid . " you , " he bark at Harry . " in the live room . now . " bewilder , wonder what on earth he be suppose to have do this time , Harry get up and follow Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the next room . Uncle Vernon close the door sharply behind both of them . " so , " he say , march over to the fireplace and turn to face Harry as though he be about to pronounce him under arrest . " so . " Harry would have dearly love to have say , " so what ? " but he do n't feel that Uncle Vernon 's temper should be test this early in the morning , especially when it be already under severe strain from lack of food . he therefore settle for look politely puzzle . " this just arrive , " say Uncle Vernon . he brandish a piece of purple write paper at Harry . " a letter . about you . " Harry 's confusion increase . who would be write to Uncle Vernon about him ? who do he know who send letter by the postman ? Uncle Vernon glare at Harry , then look down at the letter and begin to read aloud : Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley , we have never be introduce , but I be sure you have hear a great deal from Harry about my son Ron . as Harry might have tell you , the final of the Quidditch World Cup take place this Monday night , and my husband , Arthur , have just manage to get prime ticket through his connection at the Department of Magical Games and Sports . I do hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match , as this really be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ; Britain have n't host the cup for thirty year , and ticket be extremely hard to come by . we would of course be glad to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer holiday , and to see him safely onto the train back to school . it would be good for Harry to send us your answer as quickly as possible in the normal way , because the Muggle postman have never deliver to our house , and I be not sure he even know where it be . hope to see Harry soon , yours sincerely , Molly Weasley P.S. I do hope we have put enough stamp on . Uncle Vernon finish reading , put his hand back into his breast pocket , and draw out something else . " look at this , " he growl . he hold up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasley 's letter have come , and Harry have to fight down a laugh . every bit of it be cover in stamp except for a square inch on the front , into which Mrs. Weasley have squeeze the Dursley ' address in minute writing . " she do put enough stamp on , then , " say Harry , try to sound as though Mrs. Weasley 's be a mistake anyone could make . his uncle 's eye flash . " the postman notice , " he say through grit tooth . " very interested to know where this letter come from , he be . that be why he ring the doorbell . seem to think it be funny . " Harry do n't say anything . other people might not understand why Uncle Vernon be make a fuss about too many stamp , but Harry have live with the Dursley too long not to know how touchy they be about anything even slightly out of the ordinary . their bad fear be that someone would find out that they be connect ( however distantly ) with people like Mrs. Weasley . Uncle Vernon be still glaring at Harry , who try to keep his expression neutral . if he do n't do or say anything stupid , he might just be in for the treat of a lifetime . he wait for Uncle Vernon to say something , but he merely continue to glare . Harry decide to break the silence . " so -- can I go then ? " he ask . a slight spasm cross Uncle Vernon 's large purple face . the mustache bristle . Harry think he know what be go on behind the mustache : a furious battle as two of Uncle Vernon 's most fundamental instinct come into conflict . allow Harry to go would make Harry happy , something Uncle Vernon have struggle against for thirteen year . on the other hand , allow Harry to disappear to the Weasleys ' for the rest of the summer would get rid of him two week earlier than anyone could have hope , and Uncle Vernon hate have Harry in the house . to give himself think time , it seem , he look down at Mrs. Weasley 's letter again . " who be this woman ? " he say , stare at the signature with distaste . " you have see her , " say Harry . " she be my friend Ron 's mother , she be meet him off the Hog -- off the school train at the end of last term . " he have almost say " Hogwarts Express , " and that be a sure way to get his uncle 's temper up . nobody ever mention the name of Harry 's school aloud in the Dursley household . Uncle Vernon screw up his enormous face as though try to remember something very unpleasant . " dumpy sort of woman ? " he growl finally . " load of child with red hair ? " Harry frown . he think it be a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone " dumpy , " when his own son , Dudley , have finally achieve what he have be threaten to do since the age of three , and become wide than he be tall . Uncle Vernon be peruse the letter again . " Quidditch , " he mutter under his breath . " Quidditch -- what be this rubbish ? " Harry feel a second stab of annoyance . " it be a sport , " he say shortly . " play on broom -- " " all right , all right ! " say Uncle Vernon loudly . Harry see , with some satisfaction , that his uncle look vaguely panicky . apparently his nerve could n't stand the sound of the word " broomstick " in his living room . he take refuge in peruse the letter again . Harry see his lip form the word " send us your answer ... in the normal way . " he scowl . " what do she mean , ' the normal way ' ? " he spit . " normal for us , " say Harry , and before his uncle could stop him , he add , " you know , owl post . that be what be normal for wizard . " Uncle Vernon look as outrage as if Harry have just utter a disgusting swear word . shake with anger , he shoot a nervous look through the window , as though expect to see some of the neighbor with their ear press against the glass . " how many time do I have to tell you not to mention that unnaturalness under my roof ? " he hiss , his face now a rich plum color . " you stand there , in the clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful back -- " " only after Dudley finish with them , " say Harry coldly , and indeed , he be dress in a sweatshirt so large for him that he have have to roll back the sleeve five time so as to be able to use his hand , and which fall past the knee of his extremely baggy jean . " I will not be speak to like that ! " say Uncle Vernon , tremble with rage . but Harry be n't go to stand for this . go be the day when he have be force to take every single one of the Dursley ' stupid rule . he be n't follow Dudley 's diet , and he be n't go to let Uncle Vernon stop him from go to the Quidditch World Cup , not if he could help it . Harry take a deep , steady breath and then say , " Okay , I ca n't see the World Cup . can I go now , then ? only I have get a letter to Sirius I want to finish . you know -- my godfather . " he have do it . he have say the magic word . now he watch the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon 's face , make it look like badly mixed black currant ice cream . " you be -- you be write to him , be you ? " say Uncle Vernon , in a would-be calm voice -- but Harry have see the pupil of his tiny eye contract with sudden fear . " well -- yeah , " say Harry , casually . " it have be a while since he hear from me , and , you know , if he do n't , he might start think something be wrong . " he stop there to enjoy the effect of these word . he could almost see the cog work under Uncle Vernon 's thick , dark , neatly part hair . if he try to stop Harry write to Sirius , Sirius would think Harry be be mistreat . if he tell Harry he could n't go to the Quidditch World Cup , Harry would write and tell Sirius , who would know Harry be be mistreat . there be only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do . Harry could see the conclusion form in his uncle 's mind as though the great mustached face be transparent . Harry try not to smile , to keep his own face as blank as possible . and then - " well , all right then . you can go to this ruddy ... this stupid ... this World Cup thing . you write and tell these -- these Weasleys they be to pick you up , mind . I have n't get time to go drop you off all over the country . and you can spend the rest of the summer there . and you can tell your -- your godfather ... tell him ... tell him you be go . " " okay then , " say Harry brightly . he turn and walk toward the live room door , fight the urge to jump into the air and whoop . he be go ... he be go to the Weasleys ' , he be go to watch the Quidditch World Cup ! outside in the hall he nearly run into Dudley , who have be lurk behind the door , clearly hope to overhear Harry be tell off . he look shock to see the broad grin on Harry 's face . " that be an excellent breakfast , be n't it ? " say Harry . " I feel really full , do n't you ? " laugh at the astonish look on Dudley 's face , Harry take the stairs three at a time , and hurl himself back into his bedroom . the first thing he see be that Hedwig be back . she be sit in her cage , stare at Harry with her enormous amber eye , and click her beak in the way that mean she be annoy about something . exactly what be annoy her become apparent almost at once . " ouch ! " say Harry as what appear to be a small , gray , feathery tennis ball collide with the side of his head . Harry massage the spot furiously , look up to see what have hit him , and see a minute owl , small enough to fit into the palm of his hand , whiz excitedly around the room like a loose firework . Harry then realize that the owl have drop a letter at his foot . Harry bend down , recognize Ron 's handwriting , then tear open the envelope . inside be a hastily scribble note . Harry -- Dad Got THE TICKETS -- Ireland versus Bulgaria , Monday night . Mum be write to the Muggles to ask you to stay . they might already have the letter , I do n't know how fast Muggle post be . think I will send this with Pig anyway . Harry stare at the word " Pig , " then look up at the tiny owl now zoom around the light fixture on the ceiling . he have never see anything that look less like a pig . maybe he could n't read Ron 's writing . he go back to the letter : we be come for you whether the Muggles like it or not , you ca n't miss the World Cup , only Mum and Dad reckon it be good if we pretend to ask their permission first . if they say yes , send Pig back with your answer pronto , and we will come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday . if they say no , send Pig back pronto and we will come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday anyway . Hermione be arrive this afternoon . Percy 's start work -- the Department of International Magical Cooperation . do n't mention anything about Abroad while you be here unless you want the pant bore off you . see you soon - Ron " Calm down ! " Harry say as the small owl fly low over his head , twitter madly with what Harry could only assume be pride at have deliver the letter to the right person . " come here , I need you to take my answer back ! " the owl flutter down on top of Hedwig 's cage . Hedwig look coldly up at it , as though dare it to try and come any closer . Harry seize his eagle-feather quill once more , grab a fresh piece of parchment , and write : Ron , it be all okay , the Muggles say I can come . see you five o'clock tomorrow . can n't wait . Harry he fold this note up very small , and with immense difficulty , tie it to the tiny owl 's leg as it hop on the spot with excitement . the moment the note be secure , the owl be off again ; it zoom out of the window and out of sight . Harry turn to Hedwig . " feel up to a long journey ? " he ask her . Hedwig hoot in a dignified sort of a way . " can you take this to Sirius for me ? " he say , pick up his letter . " hang on ... I just want to finish it . " he unfold the parchment and hastily add a postscript . if you want to contact me , I will be at my friend Ron Weasley 's for the rest of the summer . his dad have get us ticket for the Quidditch World Cup ! the letter finish , he tie it to Hedwig 's leg ; she keep unusually still , as though determine to show him how a real post owl should behave . " I will be at Ron be when you get back , all right ? " Harry tell her . she nip his finger affectionately , then , with a soft swoosh noise , spread her enormous wing and soar out of the open window . Harry watch her out of sight , then crawl under his bed , wrench up the loose floorboard , and pull out a large chunk of birthday cake . he sit there on the floor eat it , savor the happiness that be flood through him . he have cake , and Dudley have nothing but grapefruit ; it be a bright summer 's day , he would be leave Privet Drive tomorrow , his scar feel perfectly normal again , and he be go to watch the Quidditch World Cup . it be hard , just now , to feel worried about anything -- even Lord Voldemort . Chapter @card@ back to the Burrow by twelve o'clock the next day , Harry 's school trunk be pack with his school thing and all his most prized possession -- the Invisibility Cloak he have inherit from his father , the broomstick he have get from Sirius , the enchant map of Hogwarts he have be give by Fred and George Weasley last year . he have empty his hiding place under the loose floorboard of all food , double-check every nook and cranny of his bedroom for forgotten spellbooks or quill , and take down the chart on the wall count down the day to September the first , on which he like to cross off the day remain until his return to Hogwarts . the atmosphere inside number four , Privet Drive be extremely tense . the imminent arrival at their house of an assortment of wizard be make the Dursley uptight and irritable . Uncle Vernon have look downright alarmed when Harry inform him that the Weasleys would be arrive at five o'clock the very next day . " I hope you tell them to dress properly , these people , " he snarl at once . " I have see the sort of stuff your lot wear . they will well have the decency to put on normal clothes , that be all . " Harry feel a slight sense of foreboding . he have rarely see Mr. or Mrs. Weasley wear anything that the Dursley would call " normal . " their child might don Muggle clothing during the holiday , but Mr. and Mrs. Weasley usually wear long robe in vary state of shabbiness . Harry be n't bother about what the neighbor would think , but he be anxious about how rude the Dursley might be to the Weasleys if they turn up look like their bad idea of wizard . Uncle Vernon have put on his good suit . to some people , this might have look like a gesture of welcome , but Harry know it be because Uncle Vernon want to look impressive and intimidating . Dudley , on the other hand , look somehow diminish . this be not because the diet be at last take effect , but due to fright . Dudley have emerge from his last encounter with a fully-grown wizard with a curly pig be tail poke out of the seat of his trouser , and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon have have to pay for its removal at a private hospital in London . it be n't altogether surprising , therefore , that Dudley keep run his hand nervously over his backside , and walk sideways from room to room , so as not to present the same target to the enemy . lunch be an almost silent meal . Dudley do n't even protest at the food ( cottage cheese and grate celery ) . aunt Petunia be n't eat anything at all . her arm be fold , her lip be purse , and she seem to be chew her tongue , as though bite back the furious diatribe she long to throw at Harry . " they will be drive , of course ? " Uncle Vernon bark across the table . " er , " say Harry . he have n't think of that . how be the Weasleys go to pick him up ? they do n't have a car anymore ; the old Ford Anglia they have once own be currently run wild in the Forbidden Forest at Hogwarts . but Mr. Weasley have borrow a Ministry of Magic car last year ; possibly he would do the same today ? " I think so , " say Harry . Uncle Vernon snort into his mustache . normally , Uncle Vernon would have ask what car Mr. Weasley drive ; he tend to judge other man by how big and expensive their car be . but Harry doubt whether Uncle Vernon would have take to Mr. Weasley even if he drive a Ferrari . Harry spend most of the afternoon in his bedroom ; he could n't stand watch Aunt Petunia peer out through the net curtain every few second , as though there have be a warning about an escape rhinoceros . finally , at a quarter to five , Harry go back downstairs and into the live room . aunt Petunia be compulsively straighten cushion . Uncle Vernon be pretend to read the paper , but his tiny eye be not move , and Harry be sure he be really listen with all his might for the sound of an approach car . Dudley be cram into an armchair , his porky hand beneath him , clamp firmly around his bottom . Harry could n't take the tension ; he leave the room and go and sit on the stair in the hall , his eye on his watch and his heart pump fast from excitement and nerve . but five o'clock come and then go . Uncle Vernon , perspire slightly in his suit , open the front door , peer up and down the street , then withdraw his head quickly . " they be late ! " he snarl at Harry . " I know , " say Harry . " maybe -- er -- the traffic 's bad , or something . " ten past five ... then a quarter past five ... Harry be start to feel anxious himself now . at half past , he hear Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia converse in terse mutter in the live room . " no consideration at all . " " we might have have an engagement . " " maybe they think they will get invite to dinner if they be late . " " well , they most certainly wo n't be , " say Uncle Vernon , and Harry hear him stand up and start pace the live room . " they will take the boy and go , there will be no hang around . that be if they be come at all . probably mistake the day . I daresay their kind do n't set much store by punctuality . either that or they drive some tin-pot car that have break d -- AAAAAAAARRRRRGH ! " Harry jump up . from the other side of the live room door come the sound of the three Dursley scramble , panic-stricken , across the room . next moment Dudley come fly into the hall , look terrify . " what happen ? " say Harry . " what be the matter ? " but Dudley do n't seem able to speak . hand still clamp over his buttock , he waddle as fast as he could into the kitchen . Harry hurry into the live room . loud hanging and scrapings be come from behind the Dursley ' boarded-up fireplace , which have a fake coal fire plug in front of it . " what be it ? " gasp Aunt Petunia , who have back into the wall and be stare , terrify , toward the fire . " what be it , Vernon ? " but they be leave in doubt barely a second longer . voice could be hear from inside the block fireplace . " Ouch ! Fred , no -- go back , go back , there have be some kind of mistake -- tell George not to -- Ouch ! George , no , there be no room , go back quickly and tell Ron -- " " maybe Harry can hear us , Dad -- maybe he will be able to let us out -- " there be a loud hammering of fist on the board behind the electric fire . " Harry ? Harry , can you hear us ? " the Dursley round on Harry like a pair of angry wolverine . " what be this ? " growl Uncle Vernon . " what be go on ? " " they -- they have try to get here by Floo powder , " say Harry , fight a mad desire to laugh . " they can travel by fire -- only you have block the fireplace -- hang on -- " he approach the fireplace and call through the board . " Mr. Weasley ? can you hear me ? " the hammering stop . somebody inside the chimney piece say , " Shh ! " " Mr. Weasley , it be Harry ... the fireplace have be block up . you wo n't be able to get through there . " " damn ! " say Mr. Weasley 's voice . " what on earth do they want to block up the fireplace for ? " " they have get an electric fire , " Harry explain . " really ? " say Mr. Weasley 's voice excitedly . " eclectic , you say ? with a plug ? gracious , I must see that ... let be think ... ouch , Ron ! " Ron 's voice now join the other ' . " what be we do here ? have something go wrong ? " " oh no , Ron , " come Fred 's voice , very sarcastically . " no , this be exactly where we want to end up . " " yeah , we be have the time of our life here , " say George , whose voice sound muffle , as though he be squash against the wall . " boy , boy ... " say Mr. Weasley vaguely . " I be try to think what to do ... Yes ... only way ... stand back , Harry . " Harry retreat to the sofa . Uncle Vernon , however , move forward . " wait a moment ! " he bellow at the fire . " what exactly be you go to -- " Bang . the electric fire shot across the room as the boarded-up fireplace burst outward , expel Mr. Weasley , Fred , George , and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loose chipping . aunt Petunia shriek and fall backward over the coffee table ; Uncle Vernon catch her before she hit the floor , and gape , speechless , at the Weasleys , all of whom have bright red hair , include Fred and George , who be identical to the last freckle . " that be good , " pant Mr. Weasley , brush dust from his long green robe and straighten his glass . " ah -- you must be Harry 's aunt and uncle ! " tall , thin , and balding , he move toward Uncle Vernon , his hand outstretch , but Uncle Vernon back away several pace , drag Aunt Petunia . word utterly fail Uncle Vernon . his good suit be cover in white dust , which have settle in his hair and mustache and make him look as though he have just age thirty year . " er -- yes -- sorry about that , " say Mr. Weasley , lower his hand and look over his shoulder at the blasted fireplace . " it be all my fault . it just do n't occur to me that we would n't be able to get out at the other end . I have your fireplace connect to the Floo Network , you see -- just for an afternoon , you know , so we could get Harry . Muggle fireplace be n't suppose to be connect , strictly speak -- but I have get a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel and he fix it for me . I can put it right in a jiffy , though , do n't worry . I will light a fire to send the boy back , and then I can repair your fireplace before I Disapparate . " Harry be ready to bet that the Dursley have n't understand a single word of this . they be still gape at Mr. Weasley , thunderstruck . aunt Petunia stagger upright again and hide behind Uncle Vernon . " hello , Harry ! " say Mr. Weasley brightly . " get your trunk ready ? " " it be upstairs , " say Harry , grin back . " we will get it , " say Fred at once . wink at Harry , he and George leave the room . they know where Harry 's bedroom be , have once rescue him from it in the dead of night . Harry suspect that Fred and George be hope for a glimpse of Dudley ; they have hear a lot about him from Harry . " well , " say Mr. Weasley , swing his arm slightly , while he try to find word to break the very nasty silence . " very -- erm -- very nice place you have get here . " as the usually spotless living room be now cover in dust and bit of brick , this remark do n't go down too well with the Dursley . Uncle Vernon 's face purpled once more , and Aunt Petunia start chew her tongue again . however , they seem too scare to actually say anything . Mr. Weasley be look around . he love everything to do with Muggles . Harry could see him itch to go and examine the television and the video recorder . " they run off eckeltricity , do they ? " he say knowledgeably . " ah yes , I can see the plug . I collect plug , " he add to Uncle Vernon . " and battery . get a very large collection of battery . my wife think I be mad , but there you be . " Uncle Vernon clearly think Mr. Weasley be mad too . he move ever so slightly to the right , screen Aunt Petunia from view , as though he think Mr. Weasley might suddenly run at them and attack . Dudley suddenly reappear in the room . Harry could hear the clunk of his trunk on the stair , and know that the sound have scare Dudley out of the kitchen . Dudley edge along the wall , gaze at Mr. Weasley with terrify eye , and attempt to conceal himself behind his mother and father . unfortunately , Uncle Vernon 's bulk , while sufficient to hide bony Aunt Petunia , be nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley . " ah , this be your cousin , be it , Harry ? " say Mr. Weasley , take another brave stab at make conversation . " Yep , " say Harry , " that be Dudley . " he and Ron exchange glance and then quickly look away from each other ; the temptation to burst out laugh be almost overwhelming . Dudley be still clutch his bottom as though afraid it might fall off . Mr. Weasley , however , seem genuinely concern at Dudley 's peculiar behavior . indeed , from the tone of his voice when he next speak , Harry be quite sure that Mr. Weasley think Dudley be quite as mad as the Dursley think he be , except that Mr. Weasley feel sympathy rather than fear . " have a good holiday , Dudley ? " he say kindly . Dudley whimper . Harry see his hand tighten still hard over his massive backside . Fred and George come back into the room carry Harry 's school trunk . they glance around as they enter and spot Dudley . their face crack into identical evil grin . " ah , right , " say Mr. Weasley . " well get crack then . " he push up the sleeve of his robe and take out his wand . Harry see the Dursley draw back against the wall as one . " Incendio ! " say Mr. Weasley , point his wand at the hole in the wall behind him . flame rise at once in the fireplace , crackle merrily as though they have be burn for hour . Mr. Weasley take a small drawstring bag from his pocket , untie it , take a pinch of the powder inside , and throw it onto the flame , which turn emerald green and roar high than ever . " off you go then , Fred , " say Mr. Weasley . " come , " say Fred . " oh no -- hang on -- " a bag of sweet have spill out of Fred 's pocket and the content be now roll in every direction -- big , fat toffee in brightly color wrapper . Fred scramble around , cram them back into his pocket , then give the Dursley a cheery wave , step forward , and walk right into the fire , say " the Burrow ! " aunt Petunia give a little shudder gasp . there be a whoosh sound , and Fred vanish . " right then , George , " say Mr. Weasley , " you and the trunk . " Harry help George carry the trunk forward into the flame and turn it onto its end so that he could hold it good . then , with a second whoosh , George have cry " the Burrow ! " and vanish too . " Ron , you next , " say Mr. Weasley . " see you , " say Ron brightly to the Dursley . he grin broadly at Harry , then step into the fire , shout " the Burrow ! " and disappear . now Harry and Mr. Weasley alone remain . " well ... ' bye then , " Harry say to the Dursley . they do n't say anything at all . Harry move toward the fire , but just as he reach the edge of the hearth , Mr. Weasley put out a hand and hold him back . he be look at the Dursley in amazement . " Harry say good-bye to you , " he say . " do n't you hear him ? " " it do n't matter , " Harry mutter to Mr. Weasley . " honestly , I do n't care . " Mr. Weasley do not remove his hand from Harry 's shoulder . " you be n't go to see your nephew till next summer , " he say to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation . " surely you be go to say good-bye ? " Uncle Vernon 's face work furiously . the idea of be teach consideration by a man who have just blast away half his live room wall seem to be cause him intense suffering . but Mr. Weasley 's wand be still in his hand , and Uncle Vernon 's tiny eye dart to it once , before he say , very resentfully , " Good-bye , then . " " see you , " say Harry , put one foot forward into the green flame , which feel pleasantly like warm breath . at that moment , however , a horrible gag sound erupt behind him , and Aunt Petunia start to scream . Harry wheel around . Dudley be no long standing behind his parent . he be kneel beside the coffee table , and he be gag and sputter on a foot-long , purple , slimy thing that be protrude from his mouth . one bewilder second later , Harry realize that the foot-long thing be Dudley 's tongue -- and that a brightly color toffee wrapper lie on the floor before him . aunt Petunia hurl herself onto the ground beside Dudley , seize the end of his swollen tongue , and attempt to wrench it out of his mouth ; unsurprisingly , Dudley yell and sputter bad than ever , try to fight her off . Uncle Vernon be bellow and wave his arm around , and Mr. Weasley have to shout to make himself hear . " not to worry , I can sort him out ! " he yell , advance on Dudley with his wand outstretch , but Aunt Petunia scream bad than ever and throw herself on top of Dudley , shield him from Mr. Weasley . " no , really ! " say Mr. Weasley desperately . " it be a simple process -- it be the toffee -- my son Fred -- real practical joker -- but it be only an Engorgement Charm -- at least , I think it be -- please , I can correct it -- " but far from be reassure , the Dursley become more panic-stricken ; Aunt Petunia be sob hysterically , tug Dudley 's tongue as though determine to rip it out ; Dudley appear to be suffocate under the combined pressure of his mother and his tongue ; and Uncle Vernon , who have lose control completely , seize a china figure from on top of the sideboard and throw it very hard at Mr. Weasley , who duck , cause the ornament to shatter in the blasted fireplace . " now really ! " say Mr. Weasley angrily , brandish his wand . " I be try to help ! " bellow like a wounded hippo , Uncle Vernon snatch up another ornament . " Harry , go ! just go ! " Mr. Weasley shout , his wand on Uncle Vernon . " I will sort this out ! " Harry do n't want to miss the fun , but Uncle Vernon 's second ornament narrowly miss his left ear , and on balance he think it well to leave the situation to Mr. Weasley . he step into the fire , look over his shoulder as he say " the Burrow ! " his last fleeting glimpse of the living room be of Mr. Weasley blast a third ornament out of Uncle Vernon 's hand with his wand , Aunt Petunia scream and lie on top of Dudley , and Dudley 's tongue loll around like a great slimy python . but next moment Harry have begin to spin very fast , and the Dursley ' living room be whip out of sight in a rush of emerald-green flame . Chapter @card@ Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes Harry spin faster and faster , elbow tuck tightly to his side , blur fireplace flash past him , until he start to feel sick and close his eye . then , when at last he feel himself slow down , he throw out his hand and come to a halt in time to prevent himself from fall face forward out of the Weasleys ' kitchen fire . " do he eat it ? " say Fred excitedly , hold out a hand to pull Harry to his foot . " yeah , " say Harry , straighten up . " what be it ? " " Ton-Tongue Toffee , " say Fred brightly . " George and I invent them , and we have be look for someone to test them on all summer ... " the tiny kitchen explode with laughter ; Harry look around and see that Ron and George be sit at the scrub wooden table with two red-haired people Harry have never see before , though he know immediately who they must be : Bill and Charlie , the two eldest Weasley brother . " how be you do , Harry ? " say the near of the two , grin at him and hold out a large hand , which Harry shake , feel callus and blister under his finger . this have to be Charlie , who work with dragon in Romania . Charlie be build like the twin , short and stocky than Percy and Ron , who be both long and lanky . he have a broad , good-natured face , which be weather-beaten and so freckly that he look almost tan ; his arm be muscular , and one of them have a large , shiny burn on it . bill get to his foot , smile , and also shake Harry 's hand . bill come as something of a surprise . Harry know that he work for the wizarding bank , Gringotts , and that Bill have be Head Boy at Hogwarts ; Harry have always imagine Bill to be an old version of Percy : fussy about rule-breaking and fond of boss everyone around . however , Bill be -- there be no other word for it -- cool . he be tall , with long hair that he have tie back in a ponytail . he be wear an earring with what look like a fang dangle from it . Bill 's clothes would not have look out of place at a rock concert , except that Harry recognize his boot to be make , not of leather , but of dragon hide . before any of them could say anything else , there be a faint pop noise , and Mr. Weasley appear out of thin air at George 's shoulder . he be look angry than Harry have ever see him . " that be n't funny , Fred ! " he shout . " what on earth do you give that Muggle boy ? " " I do n't give him anything , " say Fred , with another evil grin . " I just drop it ... it be his fault he go and eat it , I never tell him to . " " you drop it on purpose ! " roar Mr. Weasley . " you know he will eat it , you know he be on a diet -- " " how big do his tongue get ? " George ask eagerly . " it be four foot long before his parent would let me shrink it ! " Harry and the Weasleys roar with laughter again . " it be n't funny ! " Mr. Weasley shout . " that sort of behavior seriously undermine wizardMuggle relation ! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles , and my own son -- " " we do n't give it to him because he be a Muggle ! " say Fred indignantly . " no , we give it to him because he be a great bully git , " say George . " be n't he , Harry ? " " yeah , he be , Mr. Weasley , " say Harry earnestly . " that be not the point ! " rage Mr. Weasley . " you wait until I tell your mother -- " " tell me what ? " say a voice behind them . Mrs. Weasley have just enter the kitchen . she be a short , plump woman with a very kind face , though her eye be presently narrow with suspicion . " oh hello , Harry , dear , " she say , spot him and smile . then her eye snap back to her husband . " tell me what , Arthur ? " Mr. Weasley hesitate . Harry could tell that , however angry he be with Fred and George , he have n't really intend to tell Mrs. Weasley what have happen . there be a silence , while Mr. Weasley eye his wife nervously . then two girl appear in the kitchen doorway behind Mrs. Weasley . one , with very bushy brown hair and rather large front tooth , be Harry 's and Ron 's friend , Hermione Granger . the other , who be small and red-haired , be Ron 's young sister , Ginny . both of them smile at Harry , who grin back , which make Ginny go scarlet -- she have be very take with Harry ever since his first visit to the Burrow . " tell me what , Arthur ? " Mrs. Weasley repeat , in a dangerous sort of voice . " it be nothing , Molly , " mumble Mr. Weasley , " Fred and George just -- but I have have word with them -- " " what have they do this time ? " say Mrs. Weasley . " if it have get anything to do with Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes -- " " why do n't you show Harry where he be sleep , Ron ? " say Hermione from the doorway . " he know where he be sleep , " say Ron , " in my room , he sleep there last -- " " we can all go , " say Hermione pointedly . " oh , " say Ron , cottoning on . " right . " " yeah , we will come too , " say George . " you stay where you be ! " snarl Mrs. Weasley . Harry and Ron edge out of the kitchen , and they , Hermione , and Ginny set off along the narrow hallway and up the rickety staircase that zigzag through the house to the upper story . " what be Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes ? " Harry ask as they climb . Ron and Ginny both laugh , although Hermione do n't . " Mum find this stack of order form when she be clean Fred and George 's room , " say Ron quietly . " great long price list for stuff they have invent . joke stuff , you know . fake wand and trick sweet , load of stuff . it be brilliant , I never know they have be invent all that ... " " we have be hear explosion out of their room for age , but we never think they be actually make thing , " say Ginny . " we think they just like the noise . " " only , most of the stuff -- well , all of it , really -- be a bit dangerous , " say Ron , " and , you know , they be plan to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money , and Mum go mad at them . tell them they be n't allow to make any more of it , and burn all the order form ... she be furious at them anyway . they do n't get as many O.W.L.s as she expect . " O.W.L.s be Ordinary Wizarding Levels , the examination Hogwarts student take at the age of fifteen . " and then there be this big row , " Ginny say , " because Mum want them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad , and they tell her all they want to do be open a joke shop . " just then a door on the second landing open , and a face poke out wear horn-rimmed glass and a very annoyed expression . " hi , Percy , " say Harry . " oh hello , Harry , " say Percy . " I be wonder who be make all the noise . I be try to work in here , you know -- I have get a report to finish for the office -- and it be rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thunder up and down the stair . " " we be not thunder , " say Ron irritably . " we be walk . sorry if we have disturb the top-secret working of the Ministry of Magic . " " what be you work on ? " say Harry . " a report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation , " say Percy smugly . " we be try to standardize cauldron thickness . some of these foreign import be just a shade too thin -- leakage have be increase at a rate of almost three percent a year -- " " that will change the world , that report will , " say Ron . " front page of the Daily Prophet , I expect , cauldron leak . " Percy go slightly pink . " you might sneer , Ron , " he say heatedly , " but unless some sort of international law be impose we might well find the market flood with flimsy , shallow-bottomed product that seriously endanger -- " " Yeah , yeah , all right , " say Ron , and he start off upstairs again . Percy slam his bedroom door shut . as Harry , Hermione , and Ginny follow Ron up three more flight of stair , shout from the kitchen below echo up to them . it sound as though Mr. Weasley have tell Mrs. Weasley about the toffee . the room at the top of the house where Ron sleep look much as it have the last time that Harry have come to stay : the same poster of Ron 's favorite Quidditch team , the Chudley Cannons , be whirl and wave on the wall and sloping ceiling , and the fish tank on the windowsill , which have previously hold frog spawn , now contain one extremely large frog . Ron 's old rat , Scabbers , be here no more , but instead there be the tiny gray owl that have deliver Ron 's letter to Harry in Privet Drive . it be hop up and down in a small cage and twitter madly . " shut up , Pig , " say Ron , edge his way between two of the four bed that have be squeeze into the room . " Fred and George be in here with us , because Bill and Charlie be in their room , " he tell Harry . " Percy get to keep his room all to himself because he be get to work . " " er -- why be you call that owl Pig ? " Harry ask Ron . " because he be be stupid , " say Ginny . " its proper name be Pigwidgeon . " " yeah , and that be not a stupid name at all , " say Ron sarcastically . " Ginny name him , " he explain to Harry . " she reckon it be sweet . and I try to change it , but it be too late , he wo n't answer to anything else . so now he be Pig . I have get to keep him up here because he annoy Errol and Hermes . he annoy me too , come to that . " Pigwidgeon zoom happily around his cage , hoot shrilly . Harry know Ron too well to take him seriously . he have moan continually about his old rat , Scabbers , but have be most upset when Hermione 's cat , Crookshanks , appear to have eat him . " where be Crookshanks ? " Harry ask Hermione now . " out in the garden , I expect , " she say . " he like chase gnome . he be never see any before . " " Percy 's enjoy work , then ? " say Harry , sit down on one of the bed and watch the Chudley Cannons zoom in and out of the poster on the ceiling . " enjoy it ? " say Ron darkly . " I do n't reckon he will come home if Dad do n't make him . he be obsessed . just do n't get him onto the subject of his boss . accord to Mr. Crouch ... as I be say to Mr. Crouch ... Mr. Crouch be of the opinion ... Mr. Crouch be tell me ... they will be announce their engagement any day now . " " have you have a good summer , Harry ? " say Hermione . " do you get our food parcel and everything ? " " yeah , thank a lot , " say Harry . " they save my life , those cake . " " and have you hear from -- ? " Ron begin , but at a look from Hermione he fall silent . Harry know Ron have be about to ask about Sirius . Ron and Hermione have be so deeply involve in help Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they be almost as concern about Harry 's godfather as he be . however , discuss him in front of Ginny be a bad idea . nobody but themselves and Professor Dumbledore know about how Sirius have escape , or believe in his innocence . " I think they have stop argue , " say Hermione , to cover the awkward moment , because Ginny be look curiously from Ron to Harry . " shall we go down and help your mum with dinner ? " " yeah , all right , " say Ron . the four of them leave Ron 's room and go back downstairs to find Mrs. Weasley alone in the kitchen , look extremely bad-tempered . " we be eat out in the garden , " she say when they come in . " there be just not room for eleven people in here . could you take the plate outside , girl ? Bill and Charlie be set up the table . knife and fork , please , you two , " she say to Ron and Harry , point her wand a little more vigorously than she have intend at a pile of potato in the sink , which shoot out of their skin so fast that they ricochet off the wall and ceiling . " oh for heaven 's sake , " she snap , now direct her wand at a dustpan , which hop off the sideboard and start skate across the floor , scoop up the potato . " those two ! " she burst out savagely , now pull pot and pan out of a cupboard , and Harry know she mean Fred and George . " I do n't know what be go to happen to them , I really do n't . no ambition , unless you count make as much trouble as they possibly can ... " Mrs. Weasley slam a large copper saucepan down on the kitchen table and begin to wave her wand around inside it . a creamy sauce pour from the wand tip as she stir . " it be not as though they have n't get brain , " she continue irritably , take the saucepan over to the stove and light it with a further poke of her wand , " but they be waste them , and unless they pull themselves together soon , they will be in real trouble . I have have more owl from Hogwarts about them than the rest put together . if they carry on the way they be go , they will end up in front of the Improper Use of Magic Office . " Mrs. Weasley jab her wand at the cutlery drawer , which shoot open . Harry and Ron both jump out of the way as several knife soar out of it , fly across the kitchen , and begin chop the potato , which have just be tip back into the sink by the dustpan . " I do n't know where we go wrong with them , " say Mrs. Weasley , put down her wand and start to pull out still more saucepan . " it have be the same for year , one thing after another , and they wo n't listen to -- Oh NOT Again ! " she have pick up her wand from the table , and it have emit a loud squeak and turn into a giant rubber mouse . " one of their fake wand again ! " she shout . " how many time have I tell them not to leave them lie around ? " she grab her real wand and turn around to find that the sauce on the stove be smoke . " C'mon , " Ron say hurriedly to Harry , seize a handful of cutlery from the open drawer , " let be go and help Bill and Charlie . " they leave Mrs. Weasley and head out the back door into the yard . they have only go a few pace when Hermione 's bandy-legged ginger cat , Crookshanks , come pelt out of the garden , bottle-brush tail hold high in the air , chase what look like a muddy potato on leg . Harry recognize it instantly as a gnome . barely ten inch high , its horny little foot patter very fast as it sprint across the yard and dive headlong into one of the Wellington boot that lay scattered around the door . Harry could hear the gnome giggle madly as Crookshanks insert a paw into the boot , try to reach it . meanwhile , a very loud crash noise be come from the other side of the house . the source of the commotion be reveal as they enter the garden , and see that Bill and Charlie both have their wand out , and be make two battered old table fly high above the lawn , smash into each other , each attempt to knock the other be out of the air . Fred and George be cheer , Ginny be laugh , and Hermione be hover near the hedge , apparently tear between amusement and anxiety . Bill 's table catch Charlie 's with a huge bang and knock one of its leg off . there be a clatter from overhead , and they all look up to see Percy 's head poke out of a window on the second floor . " will you keep it down ? ! " he bellow . " sorry , Perce , " say Bill , grin . " how be the cauldron bottom come on ? " " very badly , " say Percy peevishly , and he slam the window shut . chuckle , Bill and Charlie direct the table safely onto the grass , end to end , and then , with a flick of his wand , Bill reattach the table leg and conjure tablecloth from nowhere . by seven o'clock , the two table be groan under dish and dish of Mrs. Weasley 's excellent cooking , and the nine Weasleys , Harry , and Hermione be settle themselves down to eat beneath a clear , deep-blue sky . to somebody who have be live on meal of increasingly stale cake all summer , this be paradise , and at first , Harry listen rather than talk as he help himself to chicken and ham pie , boil potato , and salad . at the far end of the table , Percy be tell his father all about his report on cauldron bottom . " I have tell Mr. Crouch that I will have it ready by Tuesday , " Percy be say pompously . " that be a bit sooner than he expect it , but I like to keep on top of thing . I think he will be grateful I have do it in good time , I mean , it be extremely busy in our department just now , what with all the arrangement for the World Cup . we be just not get the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports . ludo bagman -- " " I like Ludo , " say Mr. Weasley mildly . " he be the one who get us such good ticket for the Cup . I do him a bit of a favor : his brother , Otto , get into a spot of trouble -- a lawnmower with unnatural power -- I smooth the whole thing over . " " oh Bagman 's likable enough , of course , " say Percy dismissively , " but how he ever get to be Head of Department ... when I compare him to Mr. Crouch ! I ca n't see Mr. Crouch lose a member of our department and not try to find out what be happen to them . you realize Bertha Jorkins have be miss for over a month now ? go on holiday to Albania and never come back ? " " yes , I be ask Ludo about that , " say Mr. Weasley , frown . " he say Bertha 's get lost plenty of time before now -- though I must say , if it be someone in my department , I will be worry ... " " oh Bertha 's hopeless , all right , " say Percy . " I hear she have be shunt from department to department for year , much more trouble than she be worth ... but all the same , Bagman ought to be try to find her . Mr. Crouch have be take a personal interest , she work in our department at one time , you know , and I think Mr. Crouch be quite fond of her -- but Bagman just keep laugh and say she probably misread the map and end up in Australia instead of Albania . however " -- Percy heave an impressive sigh and take a deep swig of elderflower wine -- " we have get quite enough on our plate at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without try to find member of other department too . as you know , we have get another big event to organize right after the World Cup . " Percy clear his throat significantly and look down toward the end of the table where Harry , Ron , and Hermione be sit . " you know the one I be talk about , Father . " he raise his voice slightly . " the top-secret one . " Ron roll his eye and mutter to Harry and Hermione , " he have be try to get us to ask what that event be ever since he start work . probably an exhibition of thick-bottomed cauldron . " in the middle of the table , Mrs. Weasley be argue with Bill about his earring , which seem to be a recent acquisition . " ... with a horrible great fang on it . really , Bill , what do they say at the bank ? " " mum , no one at the bank give a damn how I dress as long as I bring home plenty of treasure , " say Bill patiently . " and your hair be get silly , dear , " say Mrs. Weasley , finger her wand lovingly . " I wish you will let me give it a trim ... " " I like it , " say Ginny , who be sit beside Bill . " you be so old-fashioned , Mum . anyway , it be nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore 's ... " next to Mrs. Weasley , Fred , George , and Charlie be all talk spiritedly about the World Cup . " it be get to be Ireland , " say Charlie thickly , through a mouthful of potato . " they flatten Peru in the semifinal . " " Bulgaria have get Viktor Krum , though , " say Fred . " Krum 's one decent player , Ireland have get seven , " say Charlie shortly . " I wish England have get through . that be embarrassing , that be . " " what happen ? " say Harry eagerly , regret more than ever his isolation from the wizarding world when he be stick on Privet Drive . " go down to Transylvania , three hundred and ninety to ten , " say Charlie gloomily . " shocking performance . and Wales lose to Uganda , and Scotland be slaughter by Luxembourg . " Harry have be on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team ever since his first year at Hogwarts and own one of the good racing broom in the world , a Firebolt . Flying come more naturally to Harry than anything else in the magical world , and he play in the position of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team . Mr. Weasley conjure up candle to light the darken garden before they have their homemade strawberry ice cream , and by the time they have finish , moth be flutter low over the table , and the warm air be perfume with the smell of grass and honeysuckle . Harry be feel extremely well feed and at peace with the world as he watch several gnome sprint through the rosebushes , laugh madly and closely pursue by Crookshanks . Ron look carefully up the table to check that the rest of the family be all busy talking , then he say very quietly to Harry , " so -- have you hear from Sirius lately ? " Hermione look around , listen closely . " yeah , " say Harry softly , " twice . he sound okay . I write to him yesterday . he might write back while I be here . " he suddenly remember the reason he have write to Sirius , and for a moment be on the verge of tell Ron and Hermione about his scar hurt again , and about the dream that have awake him ... but he really do n't want to worry them just now , not when he himself be feel so happy and peaceful . " look at the time , " Mrs. Weasley say suddenly , check her wristwatch . " you really should be in bed , the whole lot of you -- you will be up at the crack of dawn to get to the Cup . Harry , if you leave your school list out , I will get your thing for you tomorrow in Diagon Alley . I be get everyone else be . there might not be time after the World Cup , the match go on for five day last time . " " wow -- hope it do this time ! " say Harry enthusiastically . " well , I certainly do n't , " say Percy sanctimoniously . " I shudder to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I be away from work for five day . " " yeah , someone might slip dragon dung in it again , eh , Perce ? " say Fred . " that be a sample of fertilizer from Norway ! " say Percy , go very red in the face . " it be nothing personal ! " " it be , " Fred whisper to Harry as they get up from the table . " we send it . " Chapter @card@ the Portkey Harry feel as though he have barely lie down to sleep in Ron 's room when he be be shake awake by Mrs. Weasley . " time to go , Harry , dear , " she whisper , move away to wake Ron . Harry feel around for his glass , put them on , and sit up . it be still dark outside . Ron mutter indistinctly as his mother rouse him . at the foot of Harry 's mattress he see two large , dishevel shape emerge from tangle of blanket . " ' S ' time already ? " say Fred groggily . they dress in silence , too sleepy to talk , then , yawn and stretch , the four of them head downstairs into the kitchen . Mrs. Weasley be stir the content of a large pot on the stove , while Mr. Weasley be sit at the table , check a sheaf of large parchment ticket . he look up as the boy enter and spread his arm so that they could see his clothes more clearly . he be wear what appear to be a golf sweater and a very old pair of jean , slightly too big for him and hold up with a thick leather belt . " what d'you think ? " he ask anxiously . " we be suppose to go incognito -- do I look like a Muggle , Harry ? " " yeah , " say Harry , smile , " very good . " " where be Bill and Charlie and Per-Per-Percy ? " say George , fail to stifle a huge yawn . " well , they be Apparating , be n't they ? " say Mrs. Weasley , heave the large pot over to the table and start to ladle porridge into bowl . " so they can have a bit of a lie-in . " Harry know that Apparating mean disappear from one place and reappear almost instantly in another , but have never know any Hogwarts student to do it , and understand that it be very difficult . " so they be still in bed ? " say Fred grumpily , pull his bowl of porridge toward him . " why ca n't we Apparate too ? " " because you be not of age and you have n't pass your test , " snap Mrs. Weasley . " and where have those girl get to ? " she bustle out of the kitchen and they hear her climb the stair . " you have to pass a test to Apparate ? " Harry ask . " oh yes , " say Mr. Weasley , tuck the ticket safely into the back pocket of his jean . " the Department of Magical Transportation have to fine a couple of people the other day for Apparating without a license . it be not easy , Apparition , and when it be not do properly it can lead to nasty complication . this pair I be talk about go and splinched themselves . " everyone around the table except Harry wince . " er -- splinched ? " say Harry . " they leave half of themselves behind , " say Mr. Weasley , now spoon large amount of treacle onto his porridge . " so , of course , they be stick . could n't move either way . have to wait for the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad to sort them out . mean a fair old bit of paperwork , I can tell you , what with the Muggles who spot the body part they have leave behind ... " Harry have a sudden vision of a pair of leg and an eyeball lie abandon on the pavement of Privet Drive . " be they okay ? " he ask , startle . " oh yes , " say Mr. Weasley matter-of-factly . " but they get a heavy fine , and I do n't think they will be try it again in a hurry . you do n't mess around with Apparition . there be plenty of adult wizard who do n't bother with it . prefer broom -- slow , but safe . " " but Bill and Charlie and Percy can all do it ? " " Charlie have to take the test twice , " say Fred , grin . " he fail the first time , Apparated five mile south of where he mean to , right on top of some poor old dear do her shopping , remember ? " " yes , well , he pass the second time , " say Mrs. Weasley , march back into the kitchen amid hearty snigger . " Percy only pass two week ago , " say George . " he have be Apparating downstairs every morning since , just to prove he can . " there be footstep down the passageway and Hermione and Ginny come into the kitchen , both look pale and drowsy . " why do we have to be up so early ? " Ginny say , rub her eye and sit down at the table . " we have get a bit of a walk , " say Mr. Weasley . " walk ? " say Harry . " what , be we walk to the World Cup ? " " no , no , that be mile away , " say Mr. Weasley , smile . " we only need to walk a short way . it be just that it be very difficult for a large number of wizard to congregate without attract Muggle attention . we have to be very careful about how we travel at the good of time , and on a huge occasion like the Quidditch World Cup -- " " George ! " say Mrs. Weasley sharply , and they all jump . " what ? " say George , in an innocent tone that deceive nobody . " what be that in your pocket ? " " nothing ! " " do n't you lie to me ! " Mrs. Weasley point her wand at George 's pocket and say , " Accio ! " several small , brightly color object zoom out of George 's pocket ; he make a grab for them but miss , and they speed right into Mrs. Weasley 's outstretch hand . " we tell you to destroy them ! " say Mrs. Weasley furiously , hold up what be unmistakably more Ton-Tongue Toffees . " we tell you to get rid of the lot ! empty your pocket , go on , both of you ! " it be an unpleasant scene ; the twin have evidently be try to smuggle as many toffee out of the house as possible , and it be only by use her Summoning Charm that Mrs. Weasley manage to find them all . " Accio ! Accio ! Accio ! " she shout , and toffee zoom from all sort of unlikely place , include the lining of George 's jacket and the turn-up of Fred 's jean . " we spend six month develop those ! " Fred shout at his mother as she throw the toffee away . " oh a fine way to spend six month ! " she shriek . " no wonder you do n't get more O.W.L.s ! " all in all , the atmosphere be not very friendly as they take their departure . Mrs. Weasley be still glower as she kiss Mr. Weasley on the cheek , though not nearly as much as the twin , who have each hoist their rucksack onto their back and walk out without a word to her . " well , have a lovely time , " say Mrs. Weasley , " and behave yourselves , " she call after the twin ' retreat back , but they do not look back or answer . " I will send Bill , Charlie , and Percy along around midday , " Mrs. Weasley say to Mr. Weasley , as he , Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Ginny set off across the dark yard after Fred and George . it be chilly and the moon be still out . only a dull , greenish tinge along the horizon to their right show that daybreak be draw closer . Harry , have be think about thousand of wizard speed toward the Quidditch World Cup , speed up to walk with Mr. Weasley . " so how do everyone get there without all the Muggles notice ? " he ask . " it have be a massive organizational problem , " sigh Mr. Weasley . " the trouble be , about a hundred thousand wizard turn up at the World Cup , and of course , we just have n't get a magical site big enough to accommodate them all . there be place Muggles ca n't penetrate , but imagine try to pack a hundred thousand wizard into Diagon Alley or platform nine and three-quarter . so we have to find a nice desert moor , and set up as many anti-Muggle precaution as possible . the whole Ministry have be work on it for month . first , of course , we have to stagger the arrival . people with cheap ticket have to arrive two week beforehand . a limited number use Muggle transport , but we ca n't have too many clog up their bus and train -- remember , wizard be come from all over the world . some Apparate , of course , but we have to set up safe point for them to appear , well away from Muggles . I believe there be a handy wood they be use as the Apparition point . for those who do n't want to Apparate , or ca n't , we use Portkeys . they be object that be use to transport wizard from one spot to another at a prearrange time . you can do large group at a time if you need to . there have be two hundred Portkeys place at strategic point around Britain , and the near one to us be up at the top of Stoatshead Hill , so that be where we be head . " Mr. Weasley point ahead of them , where a large black mass rise beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole . " what sort of object be Portkeys ? " say Harry curiously . " well , they can be anything , " say Mr. Weasley . " unobtrusive thing , obviously , so Muggles do n't go pick them up and play with them ... stuff they will just think be litter ... " they trudge down the dark , dank lane toward the village , the silence break only by their footstep . the sky lighten very slowly as they make their way through the village , its inky blackness dilute to deep blue . Harry 's hand and foot be freeze . Mr. Weasley keep check his watch . they do n't have breath to spare for talk as they begin to climb Stoatshead Hill , stumble occasionally in hidden rabbit hole , slip on thick black tuffet of grass . each breath Harry take be sharp in his chest and his leg be start to seize up when , at last , his foot find level ground . " Whew , " pant Mr. Weasley , take off his glass and wipe them on his sweater . " well , we have make good time -- we have get ten minute ... " Hermione come over the crest of the hill last , clutch a stitch in her side . " now we just need the Portkey , " say Mr. Weasley , replace his glass and squint around at the ground . " it wo n't be big ... come on ... " they spread out , search . they have only be at it for a couple of minute , however , when a shout rent the still air . " over here , Arthur ! over here , son , we have get it ! " two tall figure be silhouette against the starry sky on the other side of the hilltop . " Amos ! " say Mr. Weasley , smile as he stride over to the man who have shout . the rest of them follow . Mr. Weasley be shake hand with a ruddy-faced wizard with a scrubby brown beard , who be hold a moldy-looking old boot in his other hand . " this be Amos Diggory , everyone , " say Mr. Weasley . " he work for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures . and I think you know his son , Cedric ? " Cedric Diggory be an extremely handsome boy of around seventeen . he be Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts . " hi , " say Cedric , look around at them all . everybody say hi back except Fred and George , who merely nod . they have never quite forgive Cedric for beat their team , Gryffindor , in the first Quidditch match of the previous year . " long walk , Arthur ? " Cedric 's father ask . " not too bad , " say Mr. Weasley . " we live just on the other side of the village there . you ? " " have to get up at two , do n't we , Ced ? I tell you , I will be glad when he have get his apparition test . still ... not complain ... Quidditch World Cup , would n't miss it for a sackful of Galleons -- and the ticket cost about that . mind you , look like I get off easy ... " Amos Diggory peer good-naturedly around at the three Weasley boy , Harry , Hermione , and Ginny . " all these yours , Arthur ? " " oh no , only the redhead , " say Mr. Weasley , point out his child . " this be Hermione , friend of Ron 's -- and Harry , another friend -- " " Merlin 's beard , " say Amos Diggory , his eye widening . " Harry ? Harry Potter ? " " er -- yeah , " say Harry . Harry be use to people look curiously at him when they meet him , use to the way their eye move at once to the lightning scar on his forehead , but it always make him feel uncomfortable . " Ced be talk about you , of course , " say Amos Diggory . " tell us all about play against you last year ... I say to him , I say -- Ced , that will be something to tell your grandchild , that will ... you beat Harry Potter ! " Harry could n't think of any reply to this , so he remain silent . Fred and George be both scowl again . Cedric look slightly embarrassed . " Harry fall off his broom , Dad , " he mutter . " I tell you ... it be an accident ... " " Yes , but you do n't fall off , do you ? " roar Amos genially , slap his son on his back . " always modest , our Ced , always the gentleman ... but the good man win , I be sure Harry will say the same , would n't you , eh ? one fall off his broom , one stay on , you do n't need to be a genius to tell which one be the good flier ! " " must be nearly time , " say Mr. Weasley quickly , pull out his watch again . " do you know whether we be wait for any more , Amos ? " " no , the Lovegoods have be there for a week already and the Fawcetts could n't get ticket , " say Mr. Diggory . " there be n't any more of us in this area , be there ? " " not that I know of , " say Mr. Weasley . " yes , it be a minute off ... we will well get ready ... " he look around at Harry and Hermione . " you just need to touch the Portkey , that be all , a finger will do -- " with difficulty , owe to their bulky backpack , the nine of them crowd around the old boot hold out by Amos Diggory . they all stand there , in a tight circle , as a chill breeze sweep over the hilltop . nobody speak . it suddenly occur to Harry how odd this would look if a Muggle be to walk up here now ... nine people , two of them grow man , clutch this manky old boot in the semidarkness , wait ... " Three ... " mutter Mr. Weasley , one eye still on his watch , " two ... one ... " it happen immediately : Harry feel as though a hook just behind his navel have be suddenly jerk irresistibly forward . his foot leave the ground ; he could feel Ron and Hermione on either side of him , their shoulder bang into his ; they be all speed forward in a howl of wind and swirling color ; his forefinger be stick to the boot as though it be pull him magnetically onward and then - his foot slam into the ground ; Ron stagger into him and he fall over ; the Portkey hit the ground near his head with a heavy thud . Harry look up . Mr. Weasley , Mr. Diggory , and Cedric be still stand , though look very windswept ; everybody else be on the ground . " seven past five from Stoatshead Hill , " say a voice . Chapter @card@ Bagman and Crouch Harry disentangle himself from Ron and get to his foot . they have arrive on what appear to be a desert stretch of misty moor . in front of them be a pair of tired and grumpy-looking wizard , one of whom be hold a large gold watch , the other a thick roll of parchment and a quill . both be dress as Muggles , though very inexpertly : the man with the watch wear a tweed suit with thigh-length galosh ; his colleague , a kilt and a poncho . " morning , Basil , " say Mr. Weasley , pick up the boot and hand it to the kilted wizard , who throw it into a large box of use Portkeys beside him ; Harry could see an old newspaper , an empty drink can , and a puncture football . " hello there , Arthur , " say Basil wearily . " not on duty , eh ? it be all right for some ... we have be here all night ... you will well get out of the way , we have get a big party come in from the Black Forest at five-fifteen . hang on , I will find your campsite ... Weasley ... Weasley ... " he consult his parchment list . " about a quarter of a mile 's walk over there , first field you come to . site manager have call Mr. Roberts . Diggory ... second field ... ask for Mr. Payne . " " thanks , Basil , " say Mr. Weasley , and he beckon everyone to follow him . they set off across the desert moor , unable to make out much through the mist . after about twenty minute , a small stone cottage next to a gate swim into view . beyond it , Harry could just make out the ghostly shape of hundred and hundred of tent , rise up the gentle slope of a large field toward a dark wood on the horizon . they say good-bye to the Diggorys and approach the cottage door . a man be stand in the doorway , look out at the tent . Harry know at a glance that this be the only real Muggle for several acre . when he hear their footstep , he turn his head to look at them . " morning ! " say Mr. Weasley brightly . " morning , " say the Muggle . " would you be Mr. Roberts ? " " aye , I would , " say Mr. Roberts . " and who be you ? " " Weasley -- two tent , book a couple of day ago ? " " Aye , " say Mr. Roberts , consult a list tack to the door . " you have get a space up by the wood there . just the one night ? " " that be it , " say Mr. Weasley . " you will be pay now , then ? " say Mr. Roberts . " ah -- right -- certainly -- " say Mr. Weasley . he retreat a short distance from the cottage and beckon Harry toward him . " help me , Harry , " he mutter , pull a roll of Muggle money from his pocket and start to peel the note apart . " this one be a -- a -- a ten ? ah yes , I see the little number on it now ... so this be a five ? " " a twenty , " Harry correct him in an undertone , uncomfortably aware of Mr. Roberts try to catch every word . " ah yes , so it be ... I do n't know , these little bit of paper ... " " you foreign ? " say Mr. Roberts as Mr. Weasley return with the correct note . " foreign ? " repeat Mr. Weasley , puzzle . " you be not the first one who have have trouble with money , " say Mr. Roberts , scrutinize Mr. Weasley closely . " I have two try and pay me with great gold coin the size of hubcap ten minute ago . " " do you really ? " say Mr. Weasley nervously . Mr. Roberts rummage around in a tin for some change . " never be this crowded , " he say suddenly , look out over the misty field again . " hundred of pre-bookings . people usually just turn up ... " " be that right ? " say Mr. Weasley , his hand hold out for his change , but Mr. Roberts do n't give it to him . " aye , " he say thoughtfully . " people from all over . load of foreigner . and not just foreigner . weirdo , you know ? there be a bloke walking ' round in a kilt and a poncho . " " should n't he ? " say Mr. Weasley anxiously . " it be like some sort of ... I dunno ... like some sort of rally , " say Mr. Roberts . " they all seem to know each other . like a big party . " at that moment , a wizard in plus-fours appear out of thin air next to Mr. Roberts 's front door . " Obliviate ! " he say sharply , point his wand at Mr. Roberts . instantly , Mr. Roberts 's eye slide out of focus , his brow unknit , and a look of dreamy unconcern fall over his face . Harry recognize the symptom of one who have just have his memory modify . " a map of the campsite for you , " Mr. Roberts say placidly to Mr. Weasley . " and your change . " " thanks very much , " say Mr. Weasley . the wizard in plus-fours accompany them toward the gate to the campsite . he look exhaust : his chin be blue with stubble and there be deep purple shadow under his eye . once out of earshot of Mr. Roberts , he mutter to Mr. Weasley , " Been have a lot of trouble with him . need a Memory Charm ten time a day to keep him happy . and Ludo Bagman be not help . trot around talk about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his voice , not a worry about anti-Muggle security . Blimey , I will be glad when this be over . see you later , Arthur . " he Disapparated . " I think Mr. Bagman be Head of Magical Games and Sports , " say Ginny , look surprise . " he should know well than to talk about Bludgers near Muggles , should n't he ? " " he should , " say Mr. Weasley , smile , and lead them through the gate into the campsite , " but Ludo have always be a bit ... well ... lax about security . you could n't wish for a more enthusiastic head of the sport department though . he play Quidditch for England himself , you know . and he be the good beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever have . " they trudge up the misty field between long row of tent . most look almost ordinary ; their owner have clearly try to make them as Muggle-like as possible , but have slip up by add chimney , or bellpulls , or weather vane . however , here and there be a tent so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be surprise that Mr. Roberts be get suspicious . halfway up the field stand an extravagant confection of striped silk like a miniature palace , with several live peacock tether at the entrance . a little farther on they pass a tent that have three floor and several turret ; and a short way beyond that be a tent that have a front garden attach , complete with birdbath , sundial , and fountain . " always the same , " say Mr. Weasley , smile . " we ca n't resist show off when we get together . ah , here we be , look , this be us . " they have reach the very edge of the wood at the top of the field , and here be an empty space , with a small sign hammer into the ground that read WEEZLY . " could n't have a good spot ! " say Mr. Weasley happily . " the field be just on the other side of the wood there , we be as close as we could be . " he hoist his backpack from his shoulder . " right , " he say excitedly , " no magic allow , strictly speak , not when we be out in these number on Muggle land . we will be put these tent up by hand ! should n't be too difficult ... Muggles do it all the time ... here , Harry , where do you reckon we should start ? " Harry have never be camp in his life ; the Dursley have never take him on any kind of holiday , prefer to leave him with Mrs. Figg , an old neighbor . however , he and Hermione work out where most of the pole and peg should go , and though Mr. Weasley be more of a hindrance than a help , because he get thoroughly overexcited when it come to use the mallet , they finally manage to erect a pair of shabby two-man tent . all of them stand back to admire their handiwork . nobody look at these tent would guess they belong to wizard , Harry think , but the trouble be that once Bill , Charlie , and Percy arrive , they would be a party of ten . Hermione seem to have spot this problem too ; she give Harry a quizzical look as Mr. Weasley drop to his hand and knee and enter the first tent . " we will be a bit cramped , " he call , " but I think we will all squeeze in . come and have a look . " Harry bend down , duck under the tent flap , and feel his jaw drop . he have walk into what look like an old-fashioned , three-room flat , complete with bathroom and kitchen . oddly enough , it be furnish in exactly the same sort of style as Mrs. Figg 's house : there be crochet cover on the mismatch chair and a strong smell of cat . " well , it be not for long , " say Mr. Weasley , mop his bald patch with a handkerchief and peer in at the four bunk bed that stand in the bedroom . " I borrow this from Perkins at the office . do n't camp much anymore , poor fellow , he have get lumbago . " he pick up the dusty kettle and peer inside it . " we will need water ... " " there be a tap mark on this map the Muggle give us , " say Ron , who have follow Harry inside the tent and seem completely unimpressed by its extraordinary inner proportion . " it be on the other side of the field . " " well , why do n't you , Harry , and Hermione go and get us some water then " -- Mr. Weasley hand over the kettle and a couple of saucepan -- " and the rest of us will get some wood for a fire ? " " but we have get an oven , " say Ron . " why ca n't we just -- " " Ron , anti-Muggle security ! " say Mr. Weasley , his face shine with anticipation . " when real Muggles camp , they cook on fire outdoors . I have see them at it ! " after a quick tour of the girl ' tent , which be slightly small than the boy ' , though without the smell of cat , Harry , Ron , and Hermione set off across the campsite with the kettle and saucepan . now , with the sun newly rise and the mist lifting , they could see the city of tent that stretch in every direction . they make their way slowly through the row , stare eagerly around . it be only just dawn on Harry how many witch and wizard there must be in the world ; he have never really think much about those in other country . their fellow camper be start to wake up . first to stir be the family with small child ; Harry have never see witch and wizard this young before . a tiny boy no old than two be crouch outside a large pyramid-shaped tent , hold a wand and poke happily at a slug in the grass , which be swell slowly to the size of a salami . as they draw level with him , his mother come hurry out of the tent . " how many time , Kevin ? you do n't -- touch -- Daddy 's -- wand -- yecchh ! " she have tread on the giant slug , which burst . her scolding carry after them on the still air , mingle with the little boy 's yell -- " you bust slug ! you bust slug ! " a short way farther on , they see two little witch , barely old than Kevin , who be ride toy broomstick that rise only high enough for the girl ' toe to skim the dewy grass . a Ministry wizard have already spot them ; as he hurry past Harry , Ron , and Hermione he mutter distractedly , " in broad daylight ! Parents have a lie-in , I suppose -- " here and there adult wizard and witch be emerge from their tent and start to cook breakfast . some , with furtive look around them , conjure fire with their wand ; other be strike match with dubious look on their face , as though sure this could n't work . three African wizard sit in serious conversation , all of them wear long white robe and roasting what look like a rabbit on a bright purple fire , while a group of middle-aged American witch sit gossip happily beneath a spangle banner stretch between their tent that read : the Salem WITCHES ' institute . Harry catch snatch of conversation in strange language from the inside of tent they pass , and though he could n't understand a word , the tone of every single voice be excite . " er -- be it my eye , or have everything go green ? " say Ron . it be n't just Ron 's eye . they have walk into a patch of tent that be all cover with a thick growth of shamrock , so that it look as though small , oddly shape hillock have sprout out of the earth . grin face could be see under those that have their flap open . then , from behind them , they hear their name . " Harry ! Ron ! Hermione ! " it be Seamus Finnigan , their fellow Gryffindor fourth year . he be sit in front of his own shamrock-covered tent , with a sandy-haired woman who have to be his mother , and his good friend , Dean Thomas , also of Gryffindor . " like the decoration ? " say Seamus , grin . " the Ministry be not too happy . " " ah , why should n't we show our color ? " say Mrs. Finnigan . " you should see what the Bulgarian have get dangle all over their tent . you will be support Ireland , of course ? " she add , eye Harry , Ron , and Hermione beadily . when they have assure her that they be indeed support Ireland , they set off again , though , as Ron say , " like we will say anything else surround by that lot . " " I wonder what the Bulgarian have get dangle all over their tent ? " say Hermione . " let be go and have a look , " say Harry , point to a large patch of tent uphold , where the Bulgarian flag -- white , green , and red -- be flutter in the breeze . the tent here have not be bedeck with plant life , but each and every one of them have the same poster attach to it , a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrow . the picture be , of course , move , but all it do be blink and scowl . " Krum , " say Ron quietly . " what ? " say Hermione . " Krum ! " say Ron . " Viktor Krum , the Bulgarian Seeker ! " " he look really grumpy , " say Hermione , look around at the many Krums blink and scowl at them . " ' really grumpy ' ? " Ron raise his eye to the heaven . " who care what he look like ? he be unbelievable . he be really young too . only just eighteen or something . he be a genius , you wait until tonight , you will see . " there be already a small queue for the tap in the corner of the field . Harry , Ron , and Hermione join it , right behind a pair of man who be have a heated argument . one of them be a very old wizard who be wear a long flowery nightgown . the other be clearly a Ministry wizard ; he be hold out a pair of pinstriped trouser and almost cry with exasperation . " just put them on , Archie , there be a good chap . you ca n't walk around like that , the Muggle at the gate be already get suspicious -- " " I buy this in a Muggle shop , " say the old wizard stubbornly . " Muggles wear them . " " Muggle woman wear them , Archie , not the man , they wear these , " say the Ministry wizard , and he brandish the pinstriped trouser . " I be not put them on , " say old Archie in indignation . " I like a healthy breeze ' around my private , thanks . " Hermione be overcome with such a strong fit of the giggle at this point that she have to duck out of the queue and only return when Archie have collect his water and move away . walk more slowly now , because of the weight of the water , they make their way back through the campsite . here and there , they see more familiar face : other Hogwarts student with their family . Oliver Wood , the old captain of Harry 's House Quidditch team , who have just leave Hogwarts , drag Harry over to his parent ' tent to introduce him , and tell him excitedly that he have just be sign to the Puddlemere United reserve team . next they be hail by Ernie Macmillan , a Hufflepuff fourth year , and a little farther on they see Cho Chang , a very pretty girl who play Seeker on the Ravenclaw team . she wave and smile at Harry , who slop quite a lot of water down his front as he wave back . more to stop Ron from smirk than anything , Harry hurriedly point out a large group of teenager whom he have never see before . " who d'you reckon they be ? " he say . " they do n't go to Hogwarts , do they ? " " ' Spect they go to some foreign school , " say Ron . " I know there be other . never meet anyone who go to one , though . Bill have a penfriend at a school in Brazil ... this be year and year ago ... and he want to go on an exchange trip but Mum and Dad could n't afford it . his penfriend get all offend when he say he be n't go and send him a cursed hat . it make his ear shrivel up . " Harry laugh but do n't voice the amazement he feel at hearing about other wizarding school . he suppose , now that he see representative of so many nationality in the campsite , that he have be stupid never to realize that Hogwarts could n't be the only one . he glance at Hermione , who look utterly unsurprised by the information . no doubt she have run across the news about other wizarding school in some book or other . " you have be age , " say George when they finally get back to the Weasleys ' tent . " meet a few people , " say Ron , set the water down . " you not get that fire start yet ? " " Dad be have fun with the match , " say Fred . Mr. Weasley be have no success at all in light the fire , but it be n't for lack of try . splinter match litter the ground around him , but he look as though he be have the time of his life . " oops ! " he say as he manage to light a match and promptly drop it in surprise . " come here , Mr. Weasley , " say Hermione kindly , take the box from him , and show him how to do it properly . at last they get the fire light , though it be at least another hour before it be hot enough to cook anything . there be plenty to watch while they wait , however . their tent seem to be pitch right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the field , and Ministry member keep hurry up and down it , greet Mr. Weasley cordially as they pass . Mr. Weasley keep up a run commentary , mainly for Harry 's and Hermione 's benefit ; his own child know too much about the Ministry to be greatly interested . " that be Cuthbert Mockridge , Head of the Goblin Liaison Office ... here come Gilbert Wimple ; he be with the Committee on Experimental Charms ; he have have those horn for a while now ... hello , Arnie ... Arnold Peasegood , he be an Obliviator -- member of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad , you know ... and that be Bode and Croaker ... they be Unspeakables ... " " they be what ? " " from the Department of Mysteries , top secret , no idea what they get up to ... " at last , the fire be ready , and they have just start cooking egg and sausage when Bill , Charlie , and Percy come stroll out of the wood toward them . " just Apparated , Dad , " say Percy loudly . " ah , excellent , lunch ! " they be halfway through their plate of egg and sausage when Mr. Weasley jump to his foot , wave and grin at a man who be stride toward them . " Aha ! " he say . " the man of the moment ! ludo ! " ludo Bagman be easily the most noticeable person Harry have see so far , even include old Archie in his flowered nightdress . he be wear long Quidditch robe in thick horizontal stripe of bright yellow and black . an enormous picture of a wasp be splash across his chest . he have the look of a powerfully build man go slightly to seed ; the robe be stretch tightly across a large belly he surely have not have in the day when he have play Quidditch for England . his nose be squash ( probably break by a stray Bludger , Harry think ) , but his round blue eye , short blond hair , and rosy complexion make him look like a very overgrow schoolboy . " Ahoy there ! " bagman call happily . he be walk as though he have spring attach to the ball of his foot and be plainly in a state of wild excitement . " Arthur , old man , " he puff as he reach the campfire , " what a day , eh ? what a day ! could we have ask for more perfect weather ? a cloudless night come ... and hardly a hiccough in the arrangement ... not much for me to do ! " behind him , a group of haggard-looking Ministry wizard rush past , point at the distant evidence of some sort of a magical fire that be send violet spark twenty foot into the air . Percy hurry forward with his hand outstretch . apparently his disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman run his department do not prevent him from want to make a good impression . " ah -- yes , " say Mr. Weasley , grin , " this be my son Percy . he be just start at the Ministry -- and this be Fred -- no , George , sorry -- that be Fred -- Bill , Charlie , Ron -- my daughter , Ginny -- and Ron 's friend , Hermione Granger and Harry Potter . " bagman do the small of double take when he hear Harry 's name , and his eye perform the familiar flick upward to the scar on Harry 's forehead . " everyone , " Mr. Weasley continue , " this be Ludo Bagman , you know who he be , it 's thanks to him we have get such good ticket -- " Bagman beam and wave his hand as if to say it have be nothing . " fancy a flutter on the match , Arthur ? " he say eagerly , jingle what seem to be a large amount of gold in the pocket of his yellow-and-black robe . " I have already get Roddy Pontner bet me Bulgaria will score first -- I offer him nice odd , consider Ireland 's front three be the strong I have see in year -- and little Agatha Timms have put up half share in her eel farm on a week-long match . " " oh ... go on then , " say Mr. Weasley . " let be see ... a Galleon on Ireland to win ? " " a Galleon ? " ludo Bagman look slightly disappointed , but recover himself . " very well , very well ... any other taker ? " " they be a bit young to be gamble , " say Mr. Weasley . " Molly would n't like -- " " we will bet thirty-seven Galleons , fifteen Sickles , three Knuts , " say Fred as he and George quickly pool all their money , " that Ireland win -- but Viktor Krum get the Snitch . oh and we will throw in a fake wand . " " you do n't want to go show Mr. Bagman rubbish like that -- " Percy hiss , but Bagman do n't seem to think the wand be rubbish at all ; on the contrary , his boyish face shine with excitement as he take it from Fred , and when the wand give a loud squawk and turn into a rubber chicken , Bagman roar with laughter . " excellent ! I have n't see one that convince in year ! I will pay five Galleons for that ! " Percy freeze in an attitude of stunned disapproval . " boy , " say Mr. Weasley under his breath , " I do n't want you bet ... that be all your saving ... your mother -- " " do n't be a spoilsport , Arthur ! " boom Ludo Bagman , rattle his pocket excitedly . " they be old enough to know what they want ! you reckon Ireland will win but Krum will get the Snitch ? not a chance , boy , not a chance ... I will give you excellent odd on that one ... we will add five Galleons for the funny wand , then , shall we ... " Mr. Weasley look on helplessly as Ludo Bagman whip out a notebook and quill and begin jot down the twin ' name . " cheer , " say George , take the slip of parchment Bagman hand him and tuck it away carefully . bagman turn most cheerfully back to Mr. Weasley . " could n't do me a brew , I suppose ? I be keep an eye out for Barty Crouch . my Bulgarian opposite number 's make difficulty , and I ca n't understand a word he be say . Barty will be able to sort it out . he speak about a hundred and fifty language . " " Mr. Crouch ? " say Percy , suddenly abandon his look of poker-stiff disapproval and positively writhe with excitement . " he speak over two hundred ! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll ... " " Anyone can speak Troll , " say Fred dismissively . " all you have to do be point and grunt . " Percy throw Fred an extremely nasty look and stoke the fire vigorously to bring the kettle back to the boil . " any news of Bertha Jorkins yet , Ludo ? " Mr. Weasley ask as Bagman settle himself down on the grass beside them all . " not a dicky bird , " say Bagman comfortably . " but she will turn up . poor old Bertha ... memory like a leaky cauldron and no sense of direction . lose , you take my word for it . she will wander back into the office sometime in October , think it be still July . " " you do n't think it might be time to send someone to look for her ? " Mr. Weasley suggest tentatively as Percy hand Bagman his tea . " Barty Crouch keep say that , " say Bagman , his round eye widen innocently , " but we really ca n't spare anyone at the moment . oh -- talk of the devil ! Barty ! " a wizard have just Apparated at their fireside , and he could not have make more of a contrast with Ludo Bagman , sprawl on the grass in his old Wasp robe . Barty Crouch be a stiff , upright , elderly man , dress in an impeccably crisp suit and tie . the parting in his short gray hair be almost unnaturally straight , and his narrow toothbrush mustache look as though he trim it use a slide rule . his shoe be very highly polish . Harry could see at once why Percy idolize him . Percy be a great believer in rigidly follow rule , and Mr. Crouch have comply with the rule about Muggle dress so thoroughly that he could have pass for a bank manager ; Harry doubt even Uncle Vernon would have spot him for what he really be . " pull up a bit of grass , Barty , " say Ludo brightly , pat the ground beside him . " no thank you , Ludo , " say Crouch , and there be a bite of impatience in his voice . " I have be look for you everywhere . the Bulgarian be insist we add another twelve seat to the top Box . " " oh be that what they be after ? " say Bagman . " I think the chap be ask to borrow a pair of tweezers . bit of a strong accent . " " Mr. Crouch ! " say Percy breathlessly , sink into a kind of half-bow that make him look like a hunchback . " would you like a cup of tea ? " " oh , " say Mr. Crouch , look over at Percy in mild surprise . " yes -- thank you , Weatherby " Fred and George choke into their own cup . Percy , very pink around the ear , busy himself with the kettle . " oh and I have be want a word with you too , Arthur , " say Mr. Crouch , his sharp eye fall upon Mr. Weasley . " Ali Bashir 's on the warpath . he want a word with you about your embargo on fly carpet . " Mr. Weasley heave a deep sigh . " I send him an owl about that just last week . if I have tell him once I have tell him a hundred time : carpet be define as a Muggle Artifact by the registry of Proscribed Charmable object , but will he listen ? " " I doubt it , " say Mr. Crouch , accept a cup from Percy . " he be desperate to export here . " " well , they will never replace broom in Britain , will they ? " say Bagman . " Ali think there be a niche in the market for a family vehicle , " say Mr. Crouch . " I remember my grandfather have an Axminster that could seat twelve -- but that be before carpet be ban , of course . " he speak as though he want to leave nobody in any doubt that all his ancestor have abide strictly by the law . " so , be keep busy , Barty ? " say Bagman breezily . " fairly , " say Mr. Crouch dryly . " organize Portkeys across five continent be no mean feat , Ludo . " " I expect you will both be glad when this be over ? " say Mr. Weasley . ludo Bagman look shocked . " glad ! do n't know when I have have more fun ... still , it be not as though we have n't get anything to look forward to , eh , Barty ? Eh ? plenty leave to organize , eh ? " Mr. Crouch raise his eyebrow at Bagman . " we agree not to make the announcement until all the detail -- " " oh detail ! " say Bagman , wave the word away like a cloud of midge . " they have sign , have n't they ? they have agree , have n't they ? I bet you anything these kid will know soon enough anyway . I mean , it be happen at Hogwarts -- " " Ludo , we need to meet the Bulgarian , you know , " say Mr. Crouch sharply , cut Bagman 's remark short . " thank you for the tea , Weatherby . " he push his undrunk tea back at Percy and wait for Ludo to rise ; Bagman struggle to his foot , swig down the last of his tea , the gold in his pocket chink merrily . " see you all later ! " he say . " you will be up in the top Box with me -- I be commentate ! " he wave , Barty Crouch nod curtly , and both of them Disapparated . " what be happen at Hogwarts , Dad ? " say Fred at once . " what be they talk about ? " " you will find out soon enough , " say Mr.Weasley , smile . " it be classified information , until such time as the Ministry decide to release it , " say Percy stiffly . " Mr. Crouch be quite right not to disclose it . " " oh shut up , Weatherby , " say Fred . a sense of excitement rise like a palpable cloud over the campsite as the afternoon wear on . by dusk , the still summer air itself seem to be quiver with anticipation , and as darkness spread like a curtain over the thousand of wait wizard , the last vestige of pretence disappear : the Ministry seem to have bow to the inevitable and stop fight the sign of blatant magic now break out everywhere . salesman be Apparating every few foot , carry tray and push cart full of extraordinary merchandise . there be luminous rosette -- green for Ireland , red for Bulgaria -- which be squeal the name of the player , point green hat bedeck with dance shamrock , Bulgarian scarves adorn with lion that really roar , flag from both country that play their national anthem as they be wave ; there be tiny model of Firebolts that really fly , and collectible figure of famous player , which stroll across the palm of your hand , preen themselves . " be save my pocket money all summer for this , " Ron tell Harry as they and Hermione stroll through the salesman , buy souvenir . though Ron purchase a dancing shamrock hat and a large green rosette , he also buy a small figure of Viktor Krum , the Bulgarian Seeker . the miniature Krum walk backward and forward over Ron 's hand , scowl up at the green rosette above him . " wow , look at these ! " say Harry , hurry over to a cart pile high with what look like brass binoculars , except that they be cover with all sort of weird knob and dial . " Omnioculars , " say the saleswizard eagerly . " you can replay action ... slow everything down ... and they flash up a play-by-play breakdown if you need it . bargain -- ten Galleons each . " " wish I have n't buy this now , " say Ron , gesture at his dancing shamrock hat and gaze longingly at the Omnioculars . " three pair , " say Harry firmly to the wizard . " no -- do n't bother , " say Ron , go red . he be always touchy about the fact that Harry , who have inherit a small fortune from his parent , have much more money than he do . " you wo n't be get anything for Christmas , " Harry tell him , thrust Omnioculars into his and Hermione 's hand . " for about ten year , mind . " " fair enough , " say Ron , grin . " Oooh , thanks , Harry , " say Hermione . " and I will get us some program , look -- " their money bag considerably light , they go back to the tent . Bill , Charlie , and Ginny be all sport green rosette too , and Mr. Weasley be carry an Irish flag . Fred and George have no souvenir as they have give Bagman all their gold . and then a deep , booming gong sound somewhere beyond the wood , and at once , green and red lantern blaze into life in the tree , light a path to the field . " it be time ! " say Mr. Weasley , look as excited as any of them . " come on , let be go ! " Chapter @card@ the Quidditch World Cup Clutching their purchase , Mr. Weasley in the lead , they all hurry into the wood , follow the lantern-lit trail . they could hear the sound of thousand of people move around them , shout and laughter , snatch of singing . the atmosphere of feverish excitement be highly infectious ; Harry could n't stop grin . they walk through the wood for twenty minute , talk and joke loudly , until at last they emerge on the other side and find themselves in the shadow of a gigantic stadium . though Harry could see only a fraction of the immense gold wall surround the field , he could tell that ten cathedral would fit comfortably inside it . " seat a hundred thousand , " say Mr. Weasley , spot the awestruck look on Harry 's face . " Ministry task force of five hundred have be work on it all year . Muggle Repelling Charms on every inch of it . every time Muggles have get anywhere near here all year , they have suddenly remember urgent appointment and have to dash away again ... bless them , " he add fondly , lead the way toward the near entrance , which be already surround by a swarm of shout witch and wizard . " prime seat ! " say the Ministry witch at the entrance when she check their ticket . " top Box ! straight upstairs , Arthur , and as high as you can go . " the stair into the stadium be carpet in rich purple . they clamber upward with the rest of the crowd , which slowly filter away through door into the stand to their left and right . Mr. Weasley 's party keep climb , and at last they reach the top of the staircase and find themselves in a small box , set at the high point of the stadium and situate exactly halfway between the golden goal post . about twenty purple-and-gilt chair stand in two row here , and Harry , filing into the front seat with the Weasleys , look down upon a scene the like of which he could never have imagine . a hundred thousand witch and wizard be take their place in the seat , which rise in level around the long oval field . everything be suffuse with a mysterious golden light , which seem to come from the stadium itself . the field look smooth as velvet from their lofty position . at either end of the field stand three goal hoop , fifty foot high ; right opposite them , almost at Harry 's eye level , be a gigantic blackboard . gold writing keep dash across it as though an invisible giant 's hand be scrawl upon the blackboard and then wipe it off again ; watch it , Harry see that it be flash advertisement across the field . the Bluebottle : a Broom for all the family -- safe , reliable , and with Built-in Anti-Burglar Buzzer ... Mrs. Skower 's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover : no Pain , no Stain ! ... Gladrags Wizardwear -- London , Paris , Hogsmeade ... Harry tear his eye away from the sign and look over his shoulder to see who else be share the box with them . so far it be empty , except for a tiny creature sit in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them . the creature , whose leg be so short they stick out in front of it on the chair , be wear a tea towel drape like a toga , and it have its face hide in its hand . yet those long , batlike ear be oddly familiar ... " Dobby ? " say Harry incredulously . the tiny creature look up and stretch its finger , reveal enormous brown eye and a nose the exact size and shape of a large tomato . it be n't Dobby -- it be , however , unmistakably a house-elf , as Harry 's friend Dobby have be . Harry have set Dobby free from his old owner , the Malfoy family . " do sir just call me Dobby ? " squeak the elf curiously from between its finger . its voice be high even than Dobby 's have be , a teeny , quiver squeak of a voice , and Harry suspect -- though it be very hard to tell with a house-elf -- that this one might just be female . Ron and Hermione spin around in their seat to look . though they have hear a lot about Dobby from Harry , they have never actually meet him . even Mr. Weasley look around in interest . " sorry , " Harry tell the elf , " I just think you be someone I know . " " but I know Dobby too , sir ! " squeak the elf . she be shield her face , as though blind by light , though the Top Box be not brightly light . " my name be Winky , sir -- and you , sir -- " her dark brown eye widen to the size of side plate as they rest upon Harry 's scar . " you be surely Harry Potter ! " " yeah , I be , " say Harry . " but Dobby talk of you all the time , sir ! " she say , lower her hand very slightly and look awestruck . " how be he ? " say Harry . " how be freedom suit him ? " " ah , sir , " say Winky , shake her head , " ah sir , mean no disrespect , sir , but I be not sure you do Dobby a favor , sir , when you be set him free . " " why ? " say Harry , take aback . " what be wrong with him ? " " Freedom be go to Dobby 's head , sir , " say Winky sadly . " idea above his station , sir . can n't get another position , sir . " " why not ? " say Harry . Winky lower her voice by a half-octave and whisper , " he be want pay for his work , sir . " " pay ? " say Harry blankly . " well -- why should n't he be pay ? " Winky look quite horrify at the idea and close her finger slightly so that her face be half-hidden again . " House-elves be not pay , sir ! " she say in a muffle squeak . " no , no , no . I say to Dobby , I say , go find yourself a nice family and settle down , Dobby . he be get up to all sort of high jinks , sir , what be unbecoming to a house-elf . you go racket around like this , Dobby , I say , and next thing I hear you be up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures , like some common goblin . " " well , it be about time he have a bit of fun , " say Harry . " House-elves be not suppose to have fun , Harry Potter , " say Winky firmly , from behind her hand . " House-elves do what they be tell . I be not like height at all , Harry Potter " -- she glance toward the edge of the box and gulp -- " but my master send me to the top Box and I come , sir . " " why be he send you up here , if he know you do n't like height ? " say Harry , frown . " master -- master want me to save him a seat , Harry Potter . he be very busy , " say Winky , tilt her head toward the empty space beside her . " Winky be wish she be back in master 's tent , Harry Potter , but Winky do what she be tell . Winky be a good house-elf . " she give the edge of the box another frightened look and hide her eye completely again . Harry turn back to the other . " so that be a house-elf ? " Ron mutter . " weird thing , be n't they ? " " Dobby be weird , " say Harry fervently . Ron pull out his Omnioculars and start test them , stare down into the crowd on the other side of the stadium . " wild ! " he say , twiddle the replay knob on the side . " I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again ... and again ... and again ... " Hermione , meanwhile , be skim eagerly through her velvet-covered , tassel program . " ' a display from the team mascot will precede the match , ' " she read aloud . " oh that be always worth watch , " say Mr. Weasley . " national team bring creature from their native land , you know , to put on a bit of a show . " the box fill gradually around them over the next half hour . Mr. Weasley keep shake hand with people who be obviously very important wizard . Percy jump to his foot so often that he look as though he be try to sit on a hedgehog . when Cornelius Fudge , the Minister of Magic himself , arrive , Percy bow so low that his glass fall off and shatter . highly embarrassed , he repair them with his wand and thereafter remain in his seat , throw jealous look at Harry , whom Cornelius Fudge have greet like an old friend . they have meet before , and Fudge shake Harry 's hand in a fatherly fashion , ask how he be , and introduce him to the wizard on either side of him . " Harry Potter , you know , " he tell the Bulgarian minister loudly , who be wear splendid robe of black velvet trim with gold and do n't seem to understand a word of English . " Harry Potter ... oh come on now , you know who he be ... the boy who survive You-Know-Who ... you do know who he be -- " the Bulgarian wizard suddenly spot Harry 's scar and start gabble loudly and excitedly , point at it . " know we will get there in the end , " say Fudge wearily to Harry . " I be no great shake at language ; I need Barty Crouch for this sort of thing . ah , I see his house-elf be save him a seat ... good job too , these Bulgarian blighter have be try to cadge all the good place ... ah , and here be Lucius ! " Harry , Ron , and Hermione turn quickly . edge along the second row to three still-empty seat right behind Mr. Weasley be none other than Dobby the house-elf 's former owner : Lucius Malfoy ; his son , Draco ; and a woman Harry suppose must be Draco 's mother . Harry and Draco Malfoy have be enemy ever since their very first journey to Hogwarts . a pale boy with a pointed face and white-blond hair , Draco greatly resemble his father . his mother be blonde too ; tall and slim , she would have be nice-looking if she have n't be wear a look that suggest there be a nasty smell under her nose . " ah , Fudge , " say Mr. Malfoy , hold out his hand as he reach the Minister of Magic . " how be you ? I do n't think you have meet my wife , Narcissa ? or our son , Draco ? " " how do you do , how do you do ? " say Fudge , smile and bow to Mrs. Malfoy . " and allow me to introduce you to Mr. Oblansk -- Obalonsk -- Mr. -- well , he be the Bulgarian Minister of Magic , and he ca n't understand a word I be say anyway , so never mind . and let be see who else -- you know Arthur Weasley , I daresay ? " it be a tense moment . Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy look at each other and Harry vividly recall the last time they have come face-to-face : it have be in Flourish and Blotts ' bookshop , and they have have a fight . Mr. Malfoy 's cold gray eye sweep over Mr. Weasley , and then up and down the row . " good lord , Arthur , " he say softly . " what do you have to sell to get seat in the top Box ? surely your house would n't have fetch this much ? " Fudge , who be n't listen , say , " Lucius have just give a very generous contribution to St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries , Arthur . he be here as my guest . " " how -- how nice , " say Mr. Weasley , with a very strained smile . Mr. Malfoy 's eye have return to Hermione , who go slightly pink , but stare determinedly back at him . Harry know exactly what be make Mr. Malfoy 's lip curl like that . the Malfoys pride themselves on be purebloods ; in other word , they consider anyone of Muggle descent , like Hermione , second-class . however , under the gaze of the Minister of Magic , Mr. Malfoy do n't dare say anything . he nod sneeringly to Mr. Weasley and continue down the line to his seat . Draco shoot Harry , Ron , and Hermione one contemptuous look , then settle himself between his mother and father . " slimy git , " Ron mutter as he , Harry , and Hermione turn to face the field again . next moment , Ludo Bagman charge into the box . " everyone ready ? " he say , his round face gleam like a great , excited Edam . " Minister -- ready to go ? " " ready when you be , Ludo , " say Fudge comfortably . ludo whip out his wand , direct it at his own throat , and say " Sonorus ! " and then speak over the roar of sound that be now fill the packed stadium ; his voice echo over them , booming into every corner of the stand . " lady and gentleman ... welcome ! welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup ! " the spectator scream and clap . thousand of flag wave , add their discordant national anthem to the racket . the huge blackboard opposite them be wipe clear of its last message ( Bertie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans -- a risk with Every Mouthful ! ) and now show Bulgaria : @card@ , Ireland : @card@ . " and now , without further ado , allow me to introduce ... the Bulgarian National Team Mascots ! " the right-hand side of the stand , which be a solid block of scarlet , roar its approval . " I wonder what they have bring , " say Mr. Weasley , lean forward in his seat . " aaah ! " he suddenly whip off his glass and polish them hurriedly on his robe . " Veela ! " " what be veel -- ? " but a hundred veela be now glide out onto the field , and Harry 's question be answer for him . Veela be woman ... the most beautiful woman Harry have ever see ... except that they be n't -- they could n't be -- human . this puzzle Harry for a moment while he try to guess what exactly they could be ; what could make their skin shine moon-bright like that , or their white-gold hair fan out behind them without wind ... but then the music start , and Harry stop worry about them not be human -- in fact , he stop worry about anything at all . the veela have start to dance , and Harry 's mind have go completely and blissfully blank . all that matter in the world be that he keep watch the veela , because if they stop dance , terrible thing would happen ... and as the veela dance faster and faster , wild , half-formed thought start chase through Harry 's daze mind . he want to do something very impressive , right now . jump from the box into the stadium seem a good idea ... but would it be good enough ? " Harry , what be you do ? " say Hermione 's voice from a long way off . the music stop . Harry blink . he be stand up , and one of his leg be rest on the wall of the box . next to him , Ron be freeze in an attitude that look as though he be about to dive from a springboard . Angry yell be fill the stadium . the crowd do n't want the veela to go . Harry be with them ; he would , of course , be support Bulgaria , and he wonder vaguely why he have a large green shamrock pin to his chest . Ron , meanwhile , be absent-mindedly shred the shamrock on his hat . Mr. Weasley , smile slightly , lean over to Ron and tug the hat out of his hand . " you will be want that , " he say , " once Ireland have have their say . " " Huh ? " say Ron , stare openmouthed at the veela , who have now line up along one side of the field . Hermione make a loud tut noise . she reach up and pull Harry back into his seat . " honestly ! " she say . " and now , " roar Ludo Bagman 's voice , " kindly put your wand in the air ... for the Irish National Team Mascots ! " next moment , what seem to be a great green-and-gold comet come zoom into the stadium . it do one circuit of the stadium , then split into two small comet , each hurtle toward the goal post . a rainbow arc suddenly across the field , connect the two ball of light . the crowd oooohed and aaaaahed , as though at a firework display . now the rainbow fade and the ball of light reunite and merge ; they have form a great shimmer shamrock , which rise up into the sky and begin to soar over the stand . something like golden rain seem to be fall from it - " Excellent ! " yell Ron as the shamrock soar over them , and heavy gold coin rain from it , bounce off their head and seat . squint up at the shamrock , Harry realize that it be actually comprise of thousand of tiny little bearded man with red vest , each carry a minute lamp of gold or green . " leprechaun ! " say Mr. Weasley over the tumultuous applause of the crowd , many of whom be still fight and rummage around under their chair to retrieve the gold . " there you go , " Ron yell happily , stuff a fistful of gold coin into Harry 's hand , " for the Omnioculars ! now you have get to buy me a Christmas present , ha ! " the great shamrock dissolve , the leprechaun drift down onto the field on the opposite side from the veela , and settle themselves cross-legged to watch the match . " and now , lady and gentleman , kindly welcome -- the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team ! I give you -- Dimitrov ! " a scarlet-clad figure on a broomstick , move so fast it be blur , shoot out onto the field from an entrance far below , to wild applause from the Bulgarian supporter . " Ivanova ! " a second scarlet-robed player zoom out . " Zograf ! Levski ! Vulchanov ! Volkov ! Aaaaaaand -- Krum ! " " that be him , that be him ! " yell Ron , follow Krum with his Omnioculars . Harry quickly focus his own . Viktor Krum be thin , dark , and sallow-skinned , with a large curve nose and thick black eyebrow . he look like an overgrow bird of prey . it be hard to believe he be only eighteen . " and now , please greet -- the Irish National Quidditch Team ! " yell Bagman . " present -- Connolly ! Ryan ! Troy ! Mullet ! Moran ! Quigley ! Aaaaaand -- Lynch ! " seven green blur sweep onto the field ; Harry spin a small dial on the side of his Omnioculars and slow the player down enough to read the word " Firebolt " on each of their broom and see their name , embroider in silver , upon their back . " and here , all the way from Egypt , our referee , acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch , Hassan Mostafa ! " a small and skinny wizard , completely bald but with a mustache to rival Uncle Vernon 's , wear robe of pure gold to match the stadium , stride out onto the field . a silver whistle be protrude from under the mustache , and he be carry a large wooden crate under one arm , his broomstick under the other . Harry spin the speed dial on his Omnioculars back to normal , watch closely as Mostafa mount his broomstick and kick the crate open -- four ball burst into the air : the scarlet Quaffle , the two black Bludgers , and ( Harry see it for the brief moment , before it speed out of sight ) the minuscule , wing Golden Snitch . with a sharp blast on his whistle , Mostafa shoot into the air after the ball . " Theeeeeeeey be off ! " scream Bagman . " and it be Mullet ! Troy ! Moran ! Dimitrov ! back to Mullet ! Troy ! Levski ! Moran ! " it be Quidditch as Harry have never see it play before . he be press his Omnioculars so hard to his glass that they be cut into the bridge of his nose . the speed of the player be incredible -- the chaser be throw the Quaffle to one another so fast that Bagman only have time to say their name . Harry spin the slow dial on the right of his Omnioculars again , press the play-by-play button on the top , and he be immediately watch in slow motion , while glitter purple lettering flash across the lens and the noise of the crowd pound against his eardrum . Hawkshead Attacking Formation , he read as he watch the three Irish chaser zoom closely together , Troy in the center , slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran , bear down upon the Bulgarian . Porskoff Ploy flash up next , as Troy make as though to dart upward with the Quaffle , draw away the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and drop the Quaffle to Moran . one of the Bulgarian Beaters , Volkov , swing hard at a pass Bludger with his small club , knock it into Moran 's path ; Moran duck to avoid the Bludger and drop the Quaffle ; and Levski , soar beneath , catch it - " Troy SCORES ! " roar Bagman , and the stadium shudder with a roar of applause and cheer . " ten zero to Ireland ! " " what ? " Harry yell , look wildly around through his Omnioculars . " but Levski 's get the Quaffle ! " " Harry , if you be not go to watch at normal speed , you be go to miss thing ! " shout Hermione , who be dance up and down , wave her arm in the air while Troy do a lap of honor around the field . Harry look quickly over the top of his Omni-oculars and see that the leprechaun watch from the sideline have all rise into the air again and form the great , glitter shamrock . across the field , the veela be watch them sulkily . furious with himself , Harry spin his speed dial back to normal as play resume . Harry know enough about Quidditch to see that the Irish chaser be superb . they work as a seamless team , their movement so well coordinate that they appear to be read one another be mind as they position themselves , and the rosette on Harry 's chest keep squeak their name : " Troy -- Mullet -- Moran ! " and within ten minute , Ireland have score twice more , bring their lead to thirty-zero and cause a thunderous tide of roar and applause from the green-clad supporter . the match become still faster , but more brutal . Volkov and Vulchanov , the Bulgarian Beaters , be whack the Bludgers as fiercely as possible at the Irish chaser , and be start to prevent them from use some of their good move ; twice they be force to scatter , and then , finally , Ivanova manage to break through their rank ; dodge the Keeper , Ryan ; and score Bulgaria 's first goal . " finger in your ear ! " bellow Mr. Weasley as the veela start to dance in celebration . Harry screw up his eye too ; he want to keep his mind on the game . after a few second , he chance a glance at the field . the veela have stop dancing , and Bulgaria be again in possession of the Quaffle . " Dimitrov ! Levski ! Dimitrov ! Ivanova -- oh I say ! " roar Bagman . one hundred thousand wizard gasp as the two seeker , Krum and Lynch , plummet through the center of the chaser , so fast that it look as though they have just jump from airplane without parachute . Harry follow their descent through his Omnioculars , squint to see where the Snitch be - " they be go to crash ! " scream Hermione next to Harry . she be half right -- at the very last second , Viktor Krum pull out of the dive and spiral off . Lynch , however , hit the ground with a dull thud that could be hear throughout the stadium . a huge groan rise from the Irish seat . " fool ! " moan Mr. Weasley . " Krum be feint ! " " it be time-out ! " yell Bagman 's voice , " as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch ! " " he will be okay , he only get plough ! " Charlie say reassuringly to Ginny , who be hang over the side of the box , look horror-struck . " which be what Krum be after , of course ... " Harry hastily press the replay and play-by-play button on his Omnioculars , twiddle the speed dial , and put them back up to his eye . he watch as Krum and Lynch dive again in slow motion . Wronski Defensive Feint -- dangerous Seeker diversion read the shine purple lettering across his lens . he see Krum 's face contort with concentration as he pull out of the dive just in time , while Lynch be flatten , and he understand -- Krum have n't see the Snitch at all , he be just make Lynch copy him . Harry have never see anyone fly like that ; Krum hardly look as though he be use a broomstick at all ; he move so easily through the air that he look unsupported and weightless . Harry turn his Omnioculars back to normal and focus them on Krum . he be now circle high above Lynch , who be be revive by mediwizards with cup of potion . Harry , focus still more closely upon Krum 's face , see his dark eye dart all over the ground a hundred foot below . he be use the time while Lynch be revive to look for the Snitch without interference . Lynch get to his foot at last , to loud cheer from the green-clad supporter , mount his Firebolt , and kick back off into the air . his revival seem to give Ireland new heart . when Mostafa blow his whistle again , the chaser move into action with a skill unrivaled by anything Harry have see so far . after fifteen more fast and furious minute , Ireland have pull ahead by ten more goal . they be now lead by one hundred and thirty point to ten , and the game be start to get dirty . as Mullet shoot toward the goal post yet again , clutch the Quaffle tightly under her arm , the Bulgarian Keeper , Zograf , fly out to meet her . whatever happen be over so quickly Harry do n't catch it , but a scream of rage from the Irish crowd , and Mostafa 's long , shrill whistle blast , tell him it have be a foul . " and Mostafa take the Bulgarian keeper to task for cob -- excessive use of elbow ! " bagman inform the roaring spectator . " and -- yes , it be a penalty to Ireland ! " the leprechaun , who have rise angrily into the air like a swarm of glitter hornet when Mullet have be foul , now dart together to form the word " ha , ha , ha ! " the veela on the other side of the field leap to their foot , toss their hair angrily , and start to dance again . as one , the Weasley boy and Harry stuff their finger into their ear , but Hermione , who have n't bother , be soon tug on Harry 's arm . he turn to look at her , and she pull his finger impatiently out of his ear . " look at the referee ! " she say , giggle . Harry look down at the field . Hassan Mostafa have land right in front of the dancing veela , and be act very oddly indeed . he be flex his muscle and smooth his mustache excitedly . " now , we ca n't have that ! " say Ludo Bagman , though he sound highly amused . " somebody slap the referee ! " a mediwizard come tear across the field , his finger stuff into his own ear , and kick Mostafa hard in the shin . Mostafa seem to come to himself ; Harry , watch through the Omnioculars again , see that he look exceptionally embarrass and have start shout at the veela , who have stop dancing and be look mutinous . " and unless I be much mistake , Mostafa be actually attempt to send off the Bulgarian team mascot ! " say Bagman 's voice . " now there be something we have n't see before ... oh this could turn nasty ... " it do : the Bulgarian Beaters , Volkov and Vulchanov , land on either side of Mostafa and begin argue furiously with him , gesticulate toward the leprechaun , who have now gleefully form the word " Hee , Hee , Hee . " Mostafa be not impress by the Bulgarian ' argument , however ; he be jab his finger into the air , clearly tell them to get fly again , and when they refuse , he give two short blast on his whistle . " two penalty for Ireland ! " shout Bagman , and the Bulgarian crowd howl with anger . " and Volkov and Vulchanov have well get back on those broom ... yes ... there they go ... and Troy take the Quaffle ... " Play now reach a level of ferocity beyond anything they have yet see . the Beaters on both side be act without mercy : Volkov and Vulchanov in particular seem not to care whether their club make contact with Bludger or human as they swing them violently through the air . Dimitrov shoot straight at Moran , who have the Quaffle , nearly knock her off her broom . " foul ! " roar the Irish supporter as one , all stand up in a great wave of green . " foul ! " echo Ludo Bagman 's magically magnify voice . " Dimitrov skin Moran -- deliberately fly to collide there -- and it be get to be another penalty -- yes , there be the whistle ! " the leprechaun have rise into the air again , and this time , they form a giant hand , which be make a very rude sign indeed at the veela across the field . at this , the veela lose control . instead of dancing , they launch themselves across the field and begin throw what seem to be handful of fire at the leprechaun . watch through his Omnioculars , Harry see that they do n't look remotely beautiful now . on the contrary , their face be elongate into sharp , cruel-beaked bird head , and long , scaly wing be burst from their shoulder - " and that , boy , " yell Mr. Weasley over the tumult of the crowd below , " be why you should never go for look alone ! " Ministry wizard be flood onto the field to separate the veela and the leprechaun , but with little success ; meanwhile , the pitched battle below be nothing to the one take place above . Harry turn this way and that , stare through his Omnioculars , as the Quaffle change hand with the speed of a bullet . " Levski -- Dimitrov -- Moran -- Troy -- Mullet -- Ivanova -- Moran again -- Moran -- Moran SCORES ! " but the cheer of the Irish supporter be barely hear over the shriek of the veela , the blast now issue from the Ministry member ' wand , and the furious roar of the Bulgarian . the game recommenced immediately ; now Levski have the Quaffle , now Dimitrov - the Irish Beater Quigley swing heavily at a pass Bludger , and hit it as hard as possible toward Krum , who do not duck quickly enough . it hit him full in the face . there be a deafen groan from the crowd ; Krum 's nose look break , there be blood everywhere , but Hassan Mostafa do n't blow his whistle . he have become distract , and Harry could n't blame him ; one of the veela have throw a handful of fire and set his broom tail alight . Harry want someone to realize that Krum be injure ; even though he be support Ireland , Krum be the most exciting player on the field . Ron obviously feel the same . " time-out ! ah , come on , he ca n't play like that , look at him -- " " look at Lynch ! " Harry yell . for the Irish Seeker have suddenly go into a dive , and Harry be quite sure that this be no Wronski Feint ; this be the real thing ... " he be see the Snitch ! " Harry shout . " he have see it ! look at him go ! " half the crowd seem to have realize what be happen ; the Irish supporter rise in another great wave of green , scream their seeker on ... but Krum be on his tail . how he could see where he be go , Harry have no idea ; there be fleck of blood fly through the air behind him , but he be draw level with Lynch now as the pair of them hurtle toward the ground again - " they be go to crash ! " shriek Hermione . " they be not ! " roar Ron . " Lynch be ! " yell Harry . and he be right -- for the second time , Lynch hit the ground with tremendous force and be immediately stampede by a horde of angry veela . " the Snitch , where be the Snitch ? " bellow Charlie , along the row . " he be get it -- Krum 's get it -- it be all over ! " shout Harry . Krum , his red robe shine with blood from his nose , be rise gently into the air , his fist hold high , a glint of gold in his hand . the scoreboard be flash Bulgaria : @card@ , Ireland : @card@ across the crowd , who do n't seem to have realize what have happen . then , slowly , as though a great jumbo jet be rev up , the rumble from the Ireland supporter grow louder and louder and erupt into scream of delight . " Ireland WINS ! " bagman shout , who like the Irish , seem to be take aback by the sudden end of the match . " Krum GETS THE SNITCH -- But Ireland WINS -- good lord , I do n't think any of us be expect that ! " " what do he catch the Snitch for ? " Ron bellow , even as he jump up and down , applaud with his hand over his head . " he end it when Ireland be a hundred and sixty point ahead , the idiot ! " " he know they be never go to catch up ! " Harry shout back over all the noise , also applaud loudly . " the Irish chaser be too good ... he want to end it on his term , that be all ... " " he be very brave , be n't he ? " Hermione say , lean forward to watch Krum land as a swarm of mediwizards blast a path through the battle leprechaun and veela to get to him . " he look a terrible mess ... " Harry put his Omnioculars to his eye again . it be hard to see what be happen below , because leprechaun be zoom delightedly all over the field , but he could just make out Krum , surround by mediwizards . he look surly than ever and refuse to let them mop him up . his team member be around him , shake their head and look dejected ; a short way away , the Irish player be dance gleefully in a shower of gold descend from their mascot . flag be wave all over the stadium , the Irish national anthem blare from all side ; the veela be shrink back into their usual , beautiful self now , though look dispirit and forlorn . " Vell , ve fight bravely , " say a gloomy voice behind Harry . he look around ; it be the Bulgarian Minister of Magic . " you can speak English ! " say Fudge , sound outrage . " and you have be let me mime everything all day ! " " Vell , it vos very funny , " say the Bulgarian minister , shrug . " and as the Irish team perform a lap of honor , flank by their mascot , the Quidditch World Cup itself be bring into the top Box ! " roar Bagman . Harry 's eye be suddenly dazzle by a blind white light , as the Top Box be magically illuminate so that everyone in the stand could see the inside . squint toward the entrance , he see two pant wizard carry a vast golden cup into the box , which they hand to Cornelius Fudge , who be still look very disgruntled that he have be use sign language all day for nothing . " let be have a really loud hand for the gallant loser -- Bulgaria ! " bagman shout . and up the stair into the box come the seven defeat Bulgarian player . the crowd below be applaud appreciatively ; Harry could see thousand and thousand of Omniocular lens flash and wink in their direction . one by one , the Bulgarian file between the row of seat in the box , and Bagman call out the name of each as they shake hand with their own minister and then with Fudge . Krum , who be last in line , look a real mess . two black eye be bloom spectacularly on his bloody face . he be still hold the Snitch . Harry notice that he seem much less coordinate on the ground . he be slightly duck-footed and distinctly round-shouldered . but when Krum 's name be announce , the whole stadium give him a resounding , earsplitting roar . and then come the Irish team . Aidan Lynch be be support by Moran and Connolly ; the second crash seem to have daze him and his eye look strangely unfocused . but he grin happily as Troy and Quigley lift the Cup into the air and the crowd below thunder its approval . Harry 's hand be numb with clap . at last , when the Irish team have leave the box to perform another lap of honor on their broom ( Aidan Lynch on the back of Connolly 's , clutch hard around his waist and still grin in a bemused sort of way ) , Bagman point his wand at his throat and mutter , " Quietus . " " they will be talk about this one for year , " he say hoarsely , " a really unexpected twist , that ... shame it could n't have last longer ... ah yes ... yes , I owe you ... how much ? " for Fred and George have just scramble over the back of their seat and be stand in front of Ludo Bagman with broad grin on their face , their hand outstretch . Chapter @card@ the Dark Mark " do n't tell your mother you have be gamble , " Mr. Weasley implore Fred and George as they all make their way slowly down the purple-carpeted stair . " do n't worry , Dad , " say Fred gleefully , " we have get big plan for this money . we do n't want it confiscate . " Mr. Weasley look for a moment as though he be go to ask what these big plan be , but seem to decide , upon reflection , that he do n't want to know . they be soon catch up in the crowd now flood out of the stadium and back to their campsite . raucous singing be bear toward them on the night air as they retrace their step along the lantern-lit path , and leprechaun keep shoot over their head , cackle and wave their lantern . when they finally reach the tent , nobody feel like sleep at all , and give the level of noise around them , Mr. Weasley agree that they could all have one last cup of cocoa together before turn in . they be soon argue enjoyably about the match ; Mr. Weasley get draw into a disagreement about cob with Charlie , and it be only when Ginny fall asleep right at the tiny table and spill hot chocolate all over the floor that Mr. Weasley call a halt to the verbal replay and insist that everyone go to bed . Hermione and Ginny go into the next tent , and Harry and the rest of the Weasleys change into pajamas and clamber into their bunk . from the other side of the campsite they could still hear much singing and the odd echo bang . " oh I be glad I be not on duty , " mutter Mr. Weasley sleepily . " I would n't fancy have to go and tell the Irish they have get to stop celebrate . " Harry , who be on a top bunk above Ron , lie stare up at the canvas ceiling of the tent , watch the glow of an occasional leprechaun lantern fly overhead , and picture again some of Krum 's more spectacular move . he be itch to get back on his own Firebolt and try out the Wronski Feint ... Somehow Oliver Wood have never manage to convey with all his wriggle diagram what that move be suppose to look like ... Harry see himself in robe that have his name on the back , and imagine the sensation of hear a hundred-thousand-strong crowd roar , as Ludo Bagman 's voice echo throughout the stadium , " I give you ... Potter ! " Harry never know whether or not he have actually drop off to sleep -- his fantasy of fly like Krum might well have slip into actual dream -- all he know be that , quite suddenly , Mr. Weasley be shout . " get up ! Ron -- Harry -- come on now , get up , this be urgent ! " Harry sit up quickly and the top of his head hit canvas . " ' S ' matter ? " he say . dimly , he could tell that something be wrong . the noise in the campsite have change . the singing have stop . he could hear scream , and the sound of people run . he slip down from the bunk and reach for his clothes , but Mr. Weasley , who have pull on his jean over his own pajamas , say , " no time , Harry -- just grab a jacket and get outside -- quickly ! " Harry do as he be tell and hurry out of the tent , Ron at his heel . by the light of the few fire that be still burn , he could see people run away into the wood , flee something that be move across the field toward them , something that be emit odd flash of light and noise like gunfire . loud jeer , roar of laughter , and drunken yell be drift toward them ; then come a burst of strong green light , which illuminate the scene . a crowd of wizard , tightly pack and move together with wand point straight upward , be march slowly across the field . Harry squint at them ... they do n't seem to have face ... then he realize that their head be hood and their face mask . high above them , float along in midair , four struggling figure be be contort into grotesque shape . it be as though the mask wizard on the ground be puppeteer , and the people above them be marionette operate by invisible string that rise from the wand into the air . two of the figure be very small . more wizard be join the march group , laugh and point up at the floating body . tent crumple and fall as the march crowd swell . once or twice Harry see one of the marcher blast a tent out of his way with his wand . several catch fire . the scream grow louder . the floating people be suddenly illuminate as they pass over a burning tent and Harry recognize one of them : Mr. Roberts , the campsite manager . the other three look as though they might be his wife and child . one of the marcher below flip Mrs. Roberts upside down with his wand ; her nightdress fall down to reveal voluminous drawer and she struggle to cover herself up as the crowd below her screech and hoot with glee . " that be sick , " Ron mutter , watch the small Muggle child , who have begin to spin like a top , sixty foot above the ground , his head flop limply from side to side . " that be really sick ... " Hermione and Ginny come hurry toward them , pull coat over their nightdress , with Mr. Weasley right behind them . at the same moment , Bill , Charlie , and Percy emerge from the boy ' tent , fully dress , with their sleeve roll up and their wand out . " we be go to help the Ministry ! " Mr. Weasley shout over all the noise , roll up his own sleeve . " you lot -- get into the wood , and stick together . I will come and fetch you when we have sort this out ! " bill , Charlie , and Percy be already sprint away toward the oncoming marcher ; Mr. Weasley tear after them . Ministry wizard be dash from every direction toward the source of the trouble . the crowd beneath the Roberts family be come ever closer . " C'mon , " say Fred , grab Ginny 's hand and start to pull her toward the wood . Harry , Ron , Hermione , and George follow . they all look back as they reach the tree . the crowd beneath the Roberts family be large than ever ; they could see the Ministry wizard try to get through it to the hooded wizard in the center , but they be have great difficulty . it look as though they be scare to perform any spell that might make the Roberts family fall . the color lantern that have light the path to the stadium have be extinguish . dark figure be blunder through the tree ; child be cry ; anxious shout and panick voice be reverberate around them in the cold night air . Harry feel himself be push hither and thither by people whose face he could not see . then he hear Ron yell with pain . " what happen ? " say Hermione anxiously , stop so abruptly that Harry walk into her . " Ron , where be you ? oh this be stupid -- lumos ! " she illuminate her wand and direct its narrow beam across the path . Ron be lie sprawl on the ground . " trip over a tree root , " he say angrily , get to his foot again . " well , with foot that size , hard not to , " say a drawl voice from behind them . Harry , Ron , and Hermione turn sharply . Draco Malfoy be stand alone nearby , lean against a tree , look utterly relax . his arm fold , he seem to have be watch the scene at the campsite through a gap in the tree . Ron tell Malfoy to do something that Harry know he would never have dare say in front of Mrs. Weasley " Language , Weasley , " say Malfoy , his pale eye glitter . " have n't you well be hurry along , now ? you would n't like her spotted , would you ? " he nod at Hermione , and at the same moment , a blast like a bomb sound from the campsite , and a flash of green light momentarily light the tree around them . " what be that suppose to mean ? " say Hermione defiantly . " Granger , they be after Muggles , " say Malfoy . " D'you want to be show off your knickers in midair ? because if you do , hang around ... they be move this way , and it would give us all a laugh . " " Hermione be a witch , " Harry snarl . " have it your own way , Potter , " say Malfoy , grin maliciously . " if you think they ca n't spot a Mudblood , stay where you be . " " you watch your mouth ! " shout Ron . everybody present know that " Mudblood " be a very offensive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage . " never mind , Ron , " say Hermione quickly , seize Ron 's arm to restrain him as he take a step toward Malfoy . there come a bang from the other side of the tree that be loud than anything they have hear . several people nearby scream . Malfoy chuckle softly . " scare easily , do n't they ? " he say lazily . " I suppose your daddy tell you all to hide ? what be he up to -- try to rescue the Muggles ? " " where be your parent ? " say Harry , his temper rise . " out there wear mask , be they ? " Malfoy turn his face to Harry , still smile . " well ... if they be , I would n't be likely to tell you , would I , Potter ? " " oh come on , " say Hermione , with a disgusted look at Malfoy , " let be go and find the other . " " keep that big bushy head down , Granger , " sneer Malfoy . " come on , " Hermione repeat , and she pull Harry and Ron up the path again . " I will bet you anything his dad be one of that masked lot ! " say Ron hotly . " well , with any luck , the Ministry will catch him ! " say Hermione fervently . " oh I ca n't believe this . where have the other get to ? " Fred , George , and Ginny be nowhere to be see , though the path be pack with plenty of other people , all look nervously over their shoulder toward the commotion back at the campsite . a huddle of teenager in pajamas be argue vociferously a little way along the path . when they see Harry , Ron , and Hermione , a girl with thick curly hair turn and say quickly , " O est Madame Maxime ? nous l'avons perdue -- " " er -- what ? " say Ron . " oh ... " the girl who have speak turn her back on him , and as they walk on they distinctly hear her say , " ' Ogwarts . " " Beauxbatons , " mutter Hermione . " sorry ? " say Harry . " they must go to Beauxbatons , " say Hermione . " you know ... Beauxbatons Academy of Magic ... I read about it in an Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe . " " oh ... yeah ... right , " say Harry . " Fred and George ca n't have go that far , " say Ron , pull out his wand , light it like Hermione 's , and squint up the path . Harry dig in the pocket of his jacket for his own wand -- but it be n't there . the only thing he could find be his Omnioculars . " ah , no , I do n't believe it ... I have lose my wand ! " " you be kid ! " Ron and Hermione raise their wand high enough to spread the narrow beam of light farther on the ground ; Harry look all around him , but his wand be nowhere to be see . " maybe it be back in the tent , " say Ron . " maybe it fall out of your pocket when we be run ? " Hermione suggest anxiously . " yeah , " say Harry , " maybe ... " he usually keep his wand with him at all time in the wizarding world , and find himself without it in the midst of a scene like this make him feel very vulnerable . a rustle noise nearby make all three of them jump . Winky the house-elf be fight her way out of a clump of bush nearby . she be move in a most peculiar fashion , apparently with great difficulty ; it be as though someone invisible be try to hold her back . " there be bad wizard about ! " she squeak distractedly as she lean forward and labor to keep run . " people high -- high in the air ! Winky be get out of the way ! " and she disappear into the tree on the other side of the path , pant and squeak as she fight the force that be restrain her . " what be up with her ? " say Ron , look curiously after Winky . " why ca n't she run properly ? " " bet she do n't ask permission to hide , " say Harry . he be think of Dobby : every time he have try to do something the Malfoys would n't like , the house-elf have be force to start beat himself up . " you know , house-elves get a very raw deal ! " say Hermione indignantly . " it be slavery , that be what it be ! that Mr. Crouch make her go up to the top of the stadium , and she be terrify , and he be get her bewitch so she ca n't even run when they start trample tent ! why do n't anyone do something about it ? " " well , the elf be happy , be n't they ? " Ron say . " you hear old Winky back at the match ... ' House-elves be not suppose to have fun ' ... that be what she like , be boss around ... " " it be people like you , Ron , " Hermione begin hotly , " who prop up rotten and unjust system , just because they be too lazy to -- " another loud bang echo from the edge of the wood . " Let 's just keep move , shall we ? " say Ron , and Harry see him glance edgily at Hermione . perhaps there be truth in what Malfoy have say ; perhaps Hermione be in more danger than they be . they set off again , Harry still search his pocket , even though he know his wand be n't there . they follow the dark path deep into the wood , still keep an eye out for Fred , George , and Ginny . they pass a group of goblin who be cackle over a sack of gold that they have undoubtedly win bet on the match , and who seem quite unperturbed by the trouble at the campsite . farther still along the path , they walk into a patch of silvery light , and when they look through the tree , they see three tall and beautiful veela standing in a clearing , surround by a gaggle of young wizard , all of whom be talk very loudly . " I pull down about a hundred sack of Galleons a year ! " one of them shout . " I be a dragon killer for the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous creature . " " no , you be not ! " yell his friend . " you be a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron ... but I be a vampire hunter , I have kill about ninety so far -- " a third young wizard , whose pimple be visible even by the dim , silvery light of the veela , now cut in , " I be about to become the young ever Minister of Magic , I be . " Harry snort with laughter . he recognize the pimply wizard : his name be Stan Shunpike , and he be in fact a conductor on the triple-decker Knight Bus . he turn to tell Ron this , but Ron 's face have go oddly slack , and next second Ron be yell , " do I tell you I have invent a broomstick that will reach Jupiter ? " " honestly ! " say Hermione , and she and Harry grab Ron firmly by the arm , wheel him around , and march him away . by the time the sound of the veela and their admirer have fade completely , they be in the very heart of the wood . they seem to be alone now ; everything be much quiet . Harry look around . " I reckon we can just wait here , you know . we will hear anyone come a mile off . " the word be hardly out of his mouth , when Ludo Bagman emerge from behind a tree right ahead of them . even by the feeble light of the two wand , Harry could see that a great change have come over Bagman . he no longer look buoyant and rosy-faced ; there be no more spring in his step . he look very white and strained . " who be that ? " he say , blink down at them , try to make out their face . " what be you do in here , all alone ? " they look at one another , surprise . " well -- there be a sort of riot go on , " say Ron . bagman stare at him . " what ? " " at the campsite ... some people have get hold of a family of Muggles ... " Bagman swear loudly . " damn them ! " he say , look quite distract , and without another word , he Disapparated with a small pop ! " not exactly on top of thing , Mr. Bagman , be he ? " say Hermione , frown . " he be a great beater , though , " say Ron , lead the way off the path into a small clearing , and sit down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree . " the Wimbourne Wasps win the league three time in a row while he be with them . " he take his small figure of Krum out of his pocket , set it down on the ground , and watch it walk around . like the real Krum , the model be slightly duck-footed and round-shouldered , much less impressive on his splay foot than on his broomstick . Harry be listen for noise from the campsite . everything seem much quiet ; perhaps the riot be over . " I hope the other be okay , " say Hermione after a while . " they will be fine , " say Ron . " imagine if your dad catch Lucius Malfoy , " say Harry , sit down next to Ron and watch the small figure of Krum slouch over the fall leaf . " he be always say he will like to get something on him . " " that will wipe the smirk off old Draco 's face , all right , " say Ron . " those poor Muggles , though , " say Hermione nervously . " what if they ca n't get them down ? " " they will , " say Ron reassuringly . " they will find a way . " " mad , though , to do something like that when the whole Ministry of Magic 's out here tonight ! " say Hermione . " I mean , how do they expect to get away with it ? do you think they have be drink , or be they just -- " but she break off abruptly and look over her shoulder . Harry and Ron look quickly around too . it sound as though someone be staggering toward their clearing . they wait , listen to the sound of the uneven step behind the dark tree . but the footstep come to a sudden halt . " hello ? " call Harry . there be silence . Harry get to his foot and peer around the tree . it be too dark to see very far , but he could sense somebody standing just beyond the range of his vision . " who be there ? " he say . and then , without warning , the silence be rend by a voice unlike any they have hear in the wood ; and it utter , not a panic shout , but what sound like a spell . " MORSMORDRE ! " and something vast , green , and glitter erupt from the patch of darkness Harry 's eye have be struggle to penetrate ; it fly up over the treetop and into the sky . " what the -- ? " gasp Ron as he spring to his foot again , stare up at the thing that have appear . for a split second , Harry think it be another leprechaun formation . then he realize that it be a colossal skull , comprise of what look like emerald star , with a serpent protrude from its mouth like a tongue . as they watch , it rise high and high , blaze in a haze of greenish smoke , etch against the black sky like a new constellation . suddenly , the wood all around them erupt with scream . Harry do n't understand why , but the only possible cause be the sudden appearance of the skull , which have now rise high enough to illuminate the entire wood like some grisly neon sign . he scan the darkness for the person who have conjure the skull , but he could n't see anyone . " who be there ? " he call again . " Harry , come on , move ! " Hermione have seize the collar of his jacket and be tug him backward . " what be the matter ? " Harry say , startle to see her face so white and terrify . " it be the Dark Mark , Harry ! " Hermione moan , pull him as hard as she could . " You-Know-Who 's sign ! " " Voldemort 's -- ? " " Harry , come on ! " Harry turn -- Ron be hurriedly scoop up his miniature Krum -- the three of them start across the clearing -- but before they have take a few hurried step , a series of pop noise announce the arrival of twenty wizard , appear from thin air , surround them . Harry whirl around , and in an instant , he register one fact : each of these wizard have his wand out , and every wand be point right at himself , Ron , and Hermione . without pause to think , he yell , " Duck ! " he seize the other two and pull them down onto the ground . " stupefy ! " roar twenty voice -- there be a blind series of flash and Harry feel the hair on his head ripple as though a powerful wind have sweep the clearing . raise his head a fraction of an inch he see jet of fiery red light fly over them from the wizard ' wand , cross one another , bounce off tree trunk , rebound into the darkness - " Stop ! " yell a voice he recognize . " stop ! that be my son ! " Harry 's hair stop blow about . he raise his head a little high . the wizard in front of him have lower his wand . he roll over and see Mr. Weasley stride toward them , look terrify . " Ron -- Harry " -- his voice sound shaky -- " Hermione -- be you all right ? " " out of the way , Arthur , " say a cold , curt voice . it be Mr. Crouch . he and the other Ministry wizard be close in on them . Harry get to his foot to face them . Mr. Crouch 's face be taut with rage . " which of you do it ? " he snap , his sharp eye dart between them . " which of you conjure the Dark Mark ? " " we do n't do that ! " say Harry , gesture up at the skull . " we do n't do anything ! " say Ron , who be rub his elbow and look indignantly at his father . " what do you want to attack us for ? " " do not lie , sir ! " shout Mr. Crouch . his wand be still point directly at Ron , and his eye be pop -- he look slightly mad . " you have be discover at the scene of the crime ! " " Barty , " whisper a witch in a long woolen dressing gown , " they be kid , Barty , they will never have be able to -- " " where do the mark come from , you three ? " say Mr. Weasley quickly . " over there , " say Hermione shakily , point at the place where they have hear the voice . " there be someone behind the tree ... they shout word -- an incantation -- " " oh , stand over there , do they ? " say Mr. Crouch , turn his pop eye on Hermione now , disbelief etch all over his face . " say an incantation , do they ? you seem very well inform about how that Mark be summon , missy -- " but none of the Ministry wizard apart from Mr. Crouch seem to think it remotely likely that Harry , Ron , or Hermione have conjure the skull ; on the contrary , at Hermione 's word , they have all raise their wand again and be point in the direction she have indicate , squint through the dark tree . " we be too late , " say the witch in the woolen dressing gown , shake her head . " they will have Disapparated . " " I do n't think so , " say a wizard with a scrubby brown beard . it be Amos Diggory , Cedric 's father . " our stunner go right through those tree ... there be a good chance we get them ... " " Amos , be careful ! " say a few of the wizard warningly as Mr. Diggory square his shoulder , raise his wand , march across the clearing , and disappear into the darkness . Hermione watch him vanish with her hand over her mouth . a few second later , they hear Mr. Diggory shout . " yes ! we get them ! there be someone here ! unconscious ! it be -- but -- blimey ... " " you have get someone ? " shout Mr. Crouch , sound highly disbelieve . " who ? who be it ? " they hear snap twig , the rustle of leaf , and then crunch footstep as Mr. Diggory reemerg from behind the tree . he be carry a tiny , limp figure in his arm . Harry recognize the tea towel at once . it be Winky . Mr. Crouch do not move or speak as Mr. Diggory deposit his elf on the ground at his foot . the other Ministry wizard be all stare at Mr. Crouch . for a few second Crouch remain transfix , his eye blaze in his white face as he stare down at Winky . then he appear to come to life again . " this -- can -- be , " he say jerkily . " no -- " he move quickly around Mr. Diggory and stride off toward the place where he have find Winky . " no point , Mr. Crouch , " Mr. Diggory call after him . " there be no one else there . " but Mr. Crouch do not seem prepare to take his word for it . they could hear him move around and the rustle of leaf as he push the bush aside , search . " bit embarrassing , " Mr. Diggory say grimly , look down at Winky 's unconscious form . " Barty Crouch 's house-elf ... I mean to say ... " " come off it , Amos , " say Mr. Weasley quietly , " you do n't seriously think it be the elf ? the Dark Mark be a wizard 's sign . it require a wand . " " yeah , " say Mr. Diggory , " and she have a wand . " " what ? " say Mr. Weasley . " here , look . " Mr. Diggory hold up a wand and show it to Mr. Weasley . " have it in her hand . so that be clause three of the Code of Wand Use break , for a start . no non-human creature be permit to carry or use a wand . " just then there be another pop , and Ludo Bagman Apparated right next to Mr. Weasley . look breathless and disorientate , he spin on the spot , goggle upward at the emerald-green skull . " the Dark Mark ! " he pant , almost trample Winky as he turn inquiringly to his colleague . " who do it ? do you get them ? Barty ! what be go on ? " Mr. Crouch have return empty-handed . his face be still ghostly white , and his hand and his toothbrush mustache be both twitch . " where have you be , Barty ? " say Bagman . " why be n't you at the match ? your elf be save you a seat too -- gulp gargoyle ! " bagman have just notice Winky lie at his foot . " what happen to her ? " " I have be busy , Ludo , " say Mr. Crouch , still talk in the same jerky fashion , barely move his lip . " and my elf have be stun . " " stun ? by you lot , you mean ? but why -- ? " comprehension dawn suddenly on Bagman 's round , shiny face ; he look up at the skull , down at Winky , and then at Mr. Crouch . " no ! " he say . " Winky ? conjure the Dark Mark ? she would n't know how ! she will need a wand , for a start ! " " and she have one , " say Mr. Diggory . " I find her holding one , Ludo . if it be all right with you , Mr. Crouch , I think we should hear what she be get to say for herself . " Crouch give no sign that he have hear Mr. Diggory , but Mr. Diggory seem to take his silence for assent . he raise his own wand , point it at Winky , and say , " Rennervate ! " Winky stir feebly . her great brown eye open and she blink several time in a bemused sort of way . watch by the silent wizard , she raise herself shakily into a sit position . she catch sight of Mr. Diggory 's foot , and slowly , tremulously , raise her eye to stare up into his face ; then , more slowly still , she look up into the sky . Harry could see the floating skull reflect twice in her enormous , glassy eye . she give a gasp , look wildly around the crowded clearing , and burst into terrify sob . " Elf ! " say Mr. Diggory sternly . " do you know who I be ? I be a member of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures ! " Winky begin to rock backward and forward on the ground , her breath come in sharp burst . Harry be remind forcibly of Dobby in his moment of terrify disobedience . " as you see , elf , the Dark Mark be conjure here a short while ago , " say Mr. Diggory . " and you be discover moment later , right beneath it ! an explanation , if you please ! " " I -- I -- I be not do it , sir ! " Winky gasp . " I be not know how , sir ! " " you be find with a wand in your hand ! " bark Mr. Diggory , brandish it in front of her . and as the wand catch the green light that be fill the clearing from the skull above , Harry recognize it . " hey -- that be mine ! " he say . everyone in the clearing look at him . " excuse me ? " say Mr. Diggory , incredulously . " that be my wand ! " say Harry . " I drop it ! " " you drop it ? " repeat Mr. Diggory in disbelief . " be this a confession ? you throw it aside after you conjure the Mark ? " " Amos , think who you be talk to ! " say Mr. Weasley , very angrily . " be Harry Potter likely to conjure the Dark Mark ? " " er -- of course not , " mumble Mr. Diggory . " sorry ... carry away ... " " I do n't drop it there , anyway , " say Harry , jerk his thumb toward the tree beneath the skull . " I miss it right after we get into the wood . " " so , " say Mr. Diggory , his eye harden as he turn to look at Winky again , cower at his foot . " you find this wand , eh , elf ? and you pick it up and think you will have some fun with it , do you ? " " I be not do magic with it , sir ! " squeal Winky , tear stream down the side of her squash and bulbous nose . " I be ... I be ... I be just pick it up , sir ! I be not make the Dark Mark , sir , I be not know how ! " " it be n't her ! " say Hermione . she look very nervous , speak up in front of all these Ministry wizard , yet determine all the same . " Winky 's get a squeaky little voice , and the voice we hear do the incantation be much deep ! " she look around at Harry and Ron , appeal for their support . " it do n't sound anything like Winky , do it ? " " no , " say Harry , shake his head . " it definitely do n't sound like an elf . " " yeah , it be a human voice , " say Ron . " well , we will soon see , " growl Mr. Diggory , look unimpressed . " there be a simple way of discover the last spell a wand perform , elf , do you know that ? " Winky tremble and shake her head frantically , her ear flap , as Mr. Diggory raise his own wand again and place it tip to tip with Harry 's . " prior Incantato ! " roar Mr. Diggory . Harry hear Hermione gasp , horrify , as a gigantic serpent-tongued skull erupt from the point where the two wand meet , but it be a mere shadow of the green skull high above them ; it look as though it be make of thick gray smoke : the ghost of a spell . " Deletrius ! " Mr. Diggory shout , and the smoky skull vanish in a wisp of smoke . " so , " say Mr. Diggory with a kind of savage triumph , look down upon Winky , who be still shake convulsively . " I be not do it ! " she squeal , her eye roll in terror . " I be not , I be not , I be not know how ! I be a good elf , I be n't use wand , I be n't know how ! " " you have be catch red-handed , elf ! " Mr. Diggory roar . " catch with the guilty wand in your hand ! " " Amos , " say Mr. Weasley loudly , " think about it ... precious few wizard know how to do that spell ... where would she have learn it ? " " perhaps Amos be suggest , " say Mr. Crouch , cold anger in every syllable , " that I routinely teach my servant to conjure the Dark Mark ? " there be a deeply unpleasant silence . Amos Diggory look horrify . " Mr. Crouch ... not ... not at all ... " " you have now come very close to accuse the two people in this clearing who be least likely to conjure that Mark ! " bark Mr. Crouch . " Harry Potter -- and myself ! I suppose you be familiar with the boy 's story , Amos ? " " of course -- everyone know -- " mutter Mr. Diggory , look highly discomfort . " and I trust you remember the many proof I have give , over a long career , that I despise and detest the Dark Art and those who practice them ? " Mr. Crouch shout , his eye bulge again . " Mr. Crouch , I -- I never suggest you have anything to do with it ! " Amos Diggory mutter again , now redden behind his scrubby brown beard . " if you accuse my elf , you accuse me , Diggory ! " shout Mr. Crouch . " where else would she have learn to conjure it ? " " she -- she might have pick it up anywhere -- " " Precisely , Amos , " say Mr. Weasley . " she might have pick it up anywhere ... Winky ? " he say kindly , turn to the elf , but she flinch as though he too be shout at her . " where exactly do you find Harry 's wand ? " Winky be twist the hem of her tea towel so violently that it be fray beneath her finger . " I -- I be find it ... find it there , sir ... " she whisper , " there ... in the tree , sir ... " " you see , Amos ? " say Mr. Weasley . " whoever conjure the Mark could have Disapparated right after they have do it , leave Harry 's wand behind . a clever thing to do , not use their own wand , which could have betray them . and Winky here have the misfortune to come across the wand moment later and pick it up . " but then , she will have be only a few foot away from the real culprit ! " say Mr. Diggory impatiently . " Elf ? do you see anyone ? " Winky begin to tremble bad than ever . her giant eye flicker from Mr. Diggory , to Ludo Bagman , and onto Mr. Crouch . then she gulp and say , " I be see no one , sir ... no one ... " " Amos , " say Mr. Crouch curtly , " I be fully aware that , in the ordinary course of event , you would want to take Winky into your department for question . I ask you , however , to allow me to deal with her . " Mr. Diggory look as though he do n't think much of this suggestion at all , but it be clear to Harry that Mr. Crouch be such an important member of the Ministry that he do not dare refuse him . " you may rest assured that she will be punish , " Mr. Crouch add coldly . " M-m-master ... " Winky stammer , look up at Mr. Crouch , her eye brim with tear . " M-m-master , p-p-please ... " Mr. Crouch stare back , his face somehow sharpen , each line upon it more deeply etch . there be no pity in his gaze . " Winky have behave tonight in a manner I would not have believe possible , " he say slowly . " I tell her to remain in the tent . I tell her to stay there while I go to sort out the trouble . and I find that she disobey me . this mean clothes . " " no ! " shriek Winky , prostrate herself at Mr. Crouch 's foot . " no , master ! not clothes , not clothes ! " Harry know that the only way to turn a house-elf free be to present it with proper garment . it be pitiful to see the way Winky clutch at her tea towel as she sob over Mr. Crouch 's foot . " but she be frighten ! " Hermione burst out angrily , glaring at Mr. Crouch . " your elf be scare of height , and those wizard in mask be levitate people ! you ca n't blame her for want to get out of their way ! " Mr. Crouch take a step backward , free himself from contact with the elf , whom he be survey as though she be something filthy and rotten that be contaminate his over-shined shoe . " I have no use for a house-elf who disobey me , " he say coldly , look over at Hermione . " I have no use for a servant who forget what be due to her master , and to her master 's reputation . " Winky be cry so hard that her sob echo around the clearing . there be a very nasty silence , which be end by Mr. Weasley , who say quietly , " well , I think I will take my lot back to the tent , if nobody be get any objection . Amos , that wand have tell us all it can -- if Harry could have it back , please -- " Mr. Diggory hand Harry his wand and Harry pocket it . " come on , you three , " Mr. Weasley say quietly . but Hermione do n't seem to want to move ; her eye be still upon the sob elf . " Hermione ! " Mr. Weasley say , more urgently . she turn and follow Harry and Ron out of the clearing and off through the tree . " what be go to happen to Winky ? " say Hermione , the moment they have leave the clearing . " I do n't know , " say Mr. Weasley . " the way they be treat her ! " say Hermione furiously . " Mr. Diggory , call her ' elf ' all the time ... and Mr. Crouch ! he know she do n't do it and he be still go to sack her ! he do n't care how frightened she have be , or how upset she be -- it be like she be n't even human ! " " well , she be not , " say Ron . Hermione round on him . " that do n't mean she have n't get feeling , Ron . it be disgust the way -- " " Hermione , I agree with you , " say Mr. Weasley quickly , beckon her on , " but now be not the time to discuss elf right . I want to get back to the tent as fast as we can . what happen to the other ? " " we lose them in the dark , " say Ron . " Dad , why be everyone so uptight about that skull thing ? " " I will explain everything back at the tent , " say Mr. Weasley tensely . but when they reach the edge of the wood , their progress be impede . a large crowd of frightened-looking witch and wizard be congregate there , and when they see Mr. Weasley come toward them , many of them surge forward . " what be go on in there ? " " who conjure it ? " " Arthur -- it be not -- Him ? " " of course it be not Him , " say Mr. Weasley impatiently . " we do n't know who it be ; it look like they Disapparated . now excuse me , please , I want to get to bed . " he lead Harry , Ron , and Hermione through the crowd and back into the campsite . all be quiet now ; there be no sign of the masked wizard , though several ruin tent be still smoke . Charlie 's head be poke out of the boy ' tent . " Dad , what be go on ? " he call through the dark . " Fred , George , and Ginny get back okay , but the other -- " " I have get them here , " say Mr. Weasley , bend down and enter the tent . Harry , Ron , and Hermione enter after him . bill be sit at the small kitchen table , hold a bedsheet to his arm , which be bleed profusely . Charlie have a large rip in his shirt , and Percy be sport a bloody nose . Fred , George , and Ginny look unhurt , though shake . " do you get them , Dad ? " say Bill sharply . " the person who conjure the Mark ? " " no , " say Mr. Weasley . " we find Barty Crouch 's elf hold Harry 's wand , but we be none the wise about who actually conjure the Mark . " " what ? " say Bill , Charlie , and Percy together . " Harry 's wand ? " say Fred . " Mr. Crouch 's elf ? " say Percy , sound thunderstruck . with some assistance from Harry , Ron , and Hermione , Mr. Weasley explain what have happen in the wood . when they have finish their story , Percy swell indignantly . " well , Mr. Crouch be quite right to get rid of an elf like that ! " he say . " run away when he have expressly tell her not to ... embarrass him in front of the whole Ministry ... how would that have look , if she have be bring up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control -- " " she do n't do anything -- she be just in the wrong place at the wrong time ! " Hermione snap at Percy , who look very take aback . Hermione have always get on fairly well with Percy -- well , indeed , than any of the other . " Hermione , a wizard in Mr. Crouch 's position ca n't afford a house-elf who be go to run amok with a wand ! " say Percy pompously , recover himself . " she do n't run amok ! " shout Hermione . " she just pick it up off the ground ! " " look , can someone just explain what that skull thing be ? " say Ron impatiently . " it be n't hurt anyone ... why be it such a big deal ? " " I tell you , it be You-Know-Who 's symbol , Ron , " say Hermione , before anyone else could answer . " I read about it in the rise and fall of the dark art . " " and it have n't be see for thirteen year , " say Mr. Weasley quietly . " of course people panick ... it be almost like see You-Know-Who back again . " " I do n't get it , " say Ron , frown . " I mean ... it be still only a shape in the sky ... " " Ron , You-Know-Who and his follower send the dark mark into the air whenever they kill , " say Mr. Weasley . " the terror it inspire ... you have no idea , you be too young . just picture come home and find the Dark Mark hover over your house , and know what you be about to find inside ... " Mr. Weasley wince . " everyone 's bad fear ... the very bad ... " there be silence for a moment . then Bill , remove the sheet from his arm to check on his cut , say , " well , it do n't help us tonight , whoever conjure it . it scare the Death Eaters away the moment they see it . they all Disapparated before we have get near enough to unmask any of them . we catch the Robertses before they hit the ground , though . they be have their memory modify right now . " " death eater ? " say Harry . " what be death eater ? " " it be what You-Know-Who 's supporter call themselves , " say Bill . " I think we see what be leave of them tonight -- the one who manage to keep themselves out of Azkaban , anyway . " " we ca n't prove it be them , Bill , " say Mr. Weasley . " though it probably be , " he add hopelessly . " yeah , I bet it be ! " say Ron suddenly . " Dad , we meet Draco Malfoy in the wood , and he as good as tell us his dad be one of those nutter in mask ! and we all know the Malfoys be right in with You-Know-Who ! " " but what be Voldemort 's supporter -- " Harry begin . everybody flinch -- like most of the wizarding world , the Weasleys always avoid say Voldemort 's name . " sorry , " say Harry quickly . " what be You-Know-Who 's supporter up to , levitate Muggles ? I mean , what be the point ? " " the point ? " say Mr. Weasley with a hollow laugh . " Harry , that be their idea of fun . half the Muggle killing back when You-Know-Who be in power be do for fun . I suppose they have a few drink tonight and could n't resist remind us all that lot of them be still at large . a nice little reunion for them , " he finish disgustedly . " but if they be the Death Eaters , why do they Disapparate when they see the Dark Mark ? " say Ron . " they will have be please to see it , would n't they ? " " use your brain , Ron , " say Bill . " if they really be Death Eaters , they work very hard to keep out of Azkaban when You-Know-Who lose power , and tell all sort of lie about him force them to kill and torture people . I bet they will be even more frightened than the rest of us to see him come back . they deny they have ever be involve with him when he lose his power , and go back to their daily life ... I do n't reckon he will be over-pleased with them , do you ? " " so ... whoever conjure the dark mark ... " say Hermione slowly , " be they do it to show support for the Death Eaters , or to scare them away ? " " your guess be as good as ours , Hermione , " say Mr. Weasley . " but I will tell you this ... it be only the Death Eaters who ever know how to conjure it . I will be very surprise if the person who do it have n't be a Death Eater once , even if they be not now ... Listen , it be very late , and if your mother hear what have happen she will be worry sick . we will get a few more hour sleep and then try and get an early Portkey out of here . " Harry get back into his bunk with his head buzz . he know he ought to feel exhaust : it be nearly three in the morning , but he feel wide-awake -- wide-awake , and worry . three day ago -- it feel like much long , but it have only be three day -- he have awake with his scar burning . and tonight , for the first time in thirteen year , Lord Voldemort 's mark have appear in the sky . what do these thing mean ? he think of the letter he have write to Sirius before leave Privet Drive . would Sirius have get it yet ? when would he reply ? Harry lie look up at the canvas , but no fly fantasy come to him now to ease him to sleep , and it be a long time after Charlie 's snore fill the tent that Harry finally doze off . Chapter @card@ Mayhem at the Ministry Mr. Weasley wake them after only a few hour sleep . he use magic to pack up the tent , and they leave the campsite as quickly as possible , pass Mr. Roberts at the door of his cottage . Mr. Roberts have a strange , daze look about him , and he wave them off with a vague " Merry Christmas . " " he will be all right , " say Mr. Weasley quietly as they march off onto the moor . " sometimes , when a person 's memory be modify , it make him a bit disorientate for a while ... and that be a big thing they have to make him forget . " they hear urgent voice as they approach the spot where the Portkeys lay , and when they reach it , they find a great number of witch and wizard gather around Basil , the keeper of the Portkeys , all clamor to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible . Mr. Weasley have a hurried discussion with Basil ; they join the queue , and be able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun have really rise . they walk back through Ottery St. Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light , talk very little because they be so exhaust , and think longingly of their breakfast . as they round the corner and the Burrow come into view , a cry echo along the lane . " oh thank goodness , thank goodness ! " Mrs. Weasley , who have evidently be wait for them in the front yard , come run toward them , still wear her bedroom slipper , her face pale and strained , a rolled-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutch in her hand . " Arthur -- I have be so worry -- so worry -- " she fling her arm around Mr. Weasley 's neck , and the Daily Prophet fall out of her limp hand onto the ground . look down , Harry see the headline : scene of TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH World Cup , complete with a twinkle black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetop . " you be all right , " Mrs. Weasley mutter distractedly , release Mr. Weasley and stare around at them all with red eye , " you be alive ... oh boy ... " and to everybody 's surprise , she seize Fred and George and pull them both into such a tight hug that their head bang together . " ouch ! mum -- you be strangle us -- " " I shout at you before you leave ! " Mrs. Weasley say , start to sob . " it be all I have be think about ! what if You-Know-Who have get you , and the last thing I ever say to you be that you do n't get enough O.W.L.s ? Oh Fred ... George ... " " come on , now , Molly , we be all perfectly okay , " say Mr. Weasley soothingly , prise her off the twin and lead her back toward the house . " bill , " he add in an undertone , " pick up that paper , I want to see what it say ... " when they be all cram into the tiny kitchen , and Hermione have make Mrs. Weasley a cup of very strong tea , into which Mr. Weasley insist on pour a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey , Bill hand his father the newspaper . Mr. Weasley scan the front page while Percy look over his shoulder . " I know it , " say Mr. Weasley heavily . " Ministry blunder ... culprit not apprehend ... lax security ... dark wizard run unchecked ... national disgrace ... who write this ? ah ... of course ... Rita Skeeter . " " that woman have get it in for the Ministry of Magic ! " say Percy furiously . " last week she be say we be waste our time quibbling about cauldron thickness , when we should be stamp out vampire ! as if it be n't specifically state in paragraph twelve of the guideline for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans -- " " do us a favor , Perce , " say Bill , yawn , " and shut up . " " I be mention , " say Mr. Weasley , his eye widen behind his glass as he reach the bottom of the Daily Prophet article . " where ? " splutter Mrs. Weasley , choke on her tea and whiskey . " if I have see that , I will have know you be alive ! " " not by name , " say Mr. Weasley . " listen to this : ' if the terrify wizard and witch who wait breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expect reassurance from the Ministry of Magic , they be sadly disappoint . a Ministry official emerge some time after the appearance of the Dark Mark allege that nobody have be hurt , but refuse to give any more information . whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumor that several body be remove from the wood an hour later , remain to be see . ' oh really , " say Mr. Weasley in exasperation , hand the paper to Percy . " nobody be hurt . what be I suppose to say ? rumor that several body be remove from the wood ... well , there certainly will be rumor now she be print that . " he heave a deep sigh . " Molly , I be go to have to go into the office ; this be go to take some smooth over . " " I will come with you , Father , " say Percy importantly . " Mr. Crouch will need all hand on deck . and I can give him my cauldron report in person . " he bustle out of the kitchen . Mrs. Weasley look most upset . " Arthur , you be suppose to be on holiday ! this have n't get anything to do with your office ; surely they can handle this without you ? " " I have get to go , Molly , " say Mr. Weasley . " I have make thing worse . I will just change into my robe and I will be off ... " " Mrs. Weasley , " say Harry suddenly , unable to contain himself , " Hedwig have n't arrive with a letter for me , have she ? " " Hedwig , dear ? " say Mrs. Weasley distractedly . " no ... no , there have n't be any post at all . " Ron and Hermione look curiously at Harry . with a meaningful look at both of them he say , " all right if I go and dump my stuff in your room , Ron ? " " yeah ... think I will too , " say Ron at once . " Hermione ? " " yes , " she say quickly , and the three of them march out of the kitchen and up the stair . " what be up , Harry ? " say Ron , the moment they have close the door of the attic room behind them . " there be something I have n't tell you , " Harry say . " on Saturday morning , I wake up with my scar hurt again . " Ron 's and Hermione 's reaction be almost exactly as Harry have imagine them back in his bedroom on Privet Drive . Hermione gasp and start make suggestion at once , mention a number of reference book , and everybody from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey , the Hogwarts nurse . Ron simply look dumbstruck . " but -- he be n't there , be he ? You-Know-Who ? I mean -- last time your scar keep hurt , he be at Hogwarts , be n't he ? " " I be sure he be n't on Privet Drive , " say Harry . " but I be dream about him ... him and Peter -- you know , Wormtail . I ca n't remember all of it now , but they be plot to kill ... someone . " he have teeter for a moment on the verge of say " me , " but could n't bring himself to make Hermione look any more horrify than she already do . " it be only a dream , " say Ron bracingly . " just a nightmare . " " yeah , but be it , though ? " say Harry , turn to look out of the window at the brighten sky . " it be weird , be n't it ? ... my scar hurt , and three day later the death eater be on the march , and Voldemort 's sign be up in the sky again . " " do n't -- say -- his -- name ! " Ron hiss through grit tooth . " and remember what Professor Trelawney say ? " Harry go on , ignore Ron . " at the end of last year ? " Professor Trelawney be their divination teacher at Hogwarts . Hermione 's terrify look vanish as she let out a derisive snort . " Oh Harry , you be n't go to pay attention to anything that old fraud say ? " " you be n't there , " say Harry . " you do n't hear her . this time be different . I tell you , she go into a trance -- a real one . and she say the Dark Lord would rise again ... great and more terrible than ever before ... and he will manage it because his servant be go to go back to him ... and that night Wormtail escape . " there be a silence in which Ron fidget absentmindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread . " why be you asking if Hedwig have come , Harry ? " Hermione ask . " be you expect a letter ? " " I tell Sirius about my scar , " say Harry , shrug . " I be wait for his answer . " " good thinking ! " say Ron , his expression clearing . " I bet Sirius will know what to do ! " " I hope he will get back to me quickly , " say Harry . " but we do n't know where Sirius be ... he could be in Africa or somewhere , could n't he ? " say Hermione reasonably . " Hedwig be not go to manage that journey in a few day . " " yeah , I know , " say Harry , but there be a leaden feeling in his stomach as he look out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky . " come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard , Harry , " say Ron . " come on -- three on three , Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play ... you can try out the Wronski feint ... " " Ron , " say Hermione , in an I-don't-think-you're-being-very-sensitive sort of voice , " Harry do n't want to play Quidditch right now ... he be worry , and he be tired ... we all need to go to bed ... " " Yeah , I want to play Quidditch , " say Harry suddenly . " hang on , I will get my Firebolt . " Hermione leave the room , mutter something that sound very much like " boy . " * * * Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy be at home much over the follow week . both leave the house each morning before the rest of the family get up , and return well after dinner every night . " it have be an absolute uproar , " Percy tell them importantly the Sunday evening before they be due to return to Hogwarts . " I have be put out fire all week . people keep send howler , and of course , if you do n't open a Howler straight away , it explode . scorch mark all over my desk and my good quill reduce to cinder . " " why be they all send howler ? " ask Ginny , who be mend her copy of one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of the live room fire . " complain about security at the World Cup , " say Percy . " they want compensation for their ruin property . Mundungus Fletcher 's put in a claim for a twelve-bedroomed tent with en-suite Jacuzzi , but I have get his number . I know for a fact he be sleep under a cloak prop on stick . " Mrs. Weasley glance at the grandfather clock in the corner . Harry like this clock . it be completely useless if you want to know the time , but otherwise very informative . it have nine golden hand , and each of them be engrave with one of the Weasley family 's name . there be no numeral around the face , but description of where each family member might be . " home , " " school , " and " work " be there , but there be also " travel , " " lose , " " hospital , " " prison , " and , in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock , " mortal peril . " eight of the hand be currently point to the " home " position , but Mr. Weasley 's , which be the long , be still point to " work . " Mrs. Weasley sigh . " your father have n't have to go into the office on weekend since the day of You-Know-Who , " she say . " they be work him far too hard . his dinner be go to be ruin if he do n't come home soon . " " well , Father feel he be get to make up for his mistake at the match , do n't he ? " say Percy . " if truth be tell , he be a tad unwise to make a public statement without clear it with his Head of Department first -- " " do n't you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman write ! " say Mrs. Weasley , flare up at once . " if Dad have n't say anything , old Rita would just have say it be disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry have comment , " say Bill , who be play chess with Ron . " Rita Skeeter never make anyone look good . remember , she interview all the Gringotts ' Charm Breakers once , and call me ' a long-haired pillock ' ? " " well , it be a bit long , dear , " say Mrs. Weasley gently . " if you will just let me -- " " no , Mum . " rain lash against the live room window . Hermione be immerse in the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ , copy of which Mrs. Weasley have buy for her , Harry , and Ron in Diagon Alley . Charlie be darn a fireproof balaclava . Harry be polish his Firebolt , the broomstick servicing kit Hermione have give him for his thirteenth birthday open at his foot . Fred and George be sit in a far corner , quill out , talk in whisper , their head bend over a piece of parchment . " what be you two up to ? " say Mrs. Weasley sharply , her eye on the twin . " homework , " say Fred vaguely . " do n't be ridiculous , you be still on holiday , " say Mrs. Weasley . " yeah , we have leave it a bit late , " say George . " you be not by any chance write out a new order form , be you ? " say Mrs. Weasley shrewdly . " you would n't be think of restart Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes , by any chance ? " " now , Mum , " say Fred , look up at her , a pained look on his face . " if the Hogwarts Express crash tomorrow , and George and I die , how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever hear from you be an unfounded accusation ? " everyone laugh , even Mrs. Weasley . " oh your father be come ! " she say suddenly , look up at the clock again . Mr. Weasley 's hand have suddenly spin from " work " to " travel " ; a second later it have shudder to a halt on " home " with the other , and they hear him call from the kitchen . " come , Arthur ! " call Mrs. Weasley , hurry out of the room . a few moment later , Mr. Weasley come into the warm living room carry his dinner on a tray . he look completely exhaust . " well , the fat be really in the fire now , " he tell Mrs. Weasley as he sit down in an armchair near the hearth and toy unenthusiastically with his somewhat shrivel cauliflower . " Rita Skeeter have be ferret around all week , look for more Ministry mess-up to report . and now she be find out about poor old Bertha go missing , so that will be the headline in the Prophet tomorrow . I tell Bagman he should have send someone to look for her age ago . " " Mr. Crouch have be say it for week and week , " say Percy swiftly . " crouch be very lucky Rita have n't find out about Winky , " say Mr. Weasley irritably . " there will be a week 's worth of headline in his house-elf be catch hold the wand that conjure the Dark Mark . " " I think we be all agree that that elf , while irresponsible , do not conjure the Mark ? " say Percy hotly . " if you ask me , Mr. Crouch be very lucky no one at the Daily Prophet know how mean he be to elf ! " say Hermione angrily . " now look here , Hermione ! " say Percy . " a high-ranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch deserve unswerving obedience from his servant -- " " his slave , you mean ! " say Hermione , her voice rise passionately , " because he do n't pay Winky , do he ? " " I think you will all well go upstairs and check that you have pack properly ! " say Mrs. Weasley , break up the argument . " come on now , all of you ... " Harry repacked his broomstick servicing kit , put his Firebolt over his shoulder , and go back upstairs with Ron . the rain sound even louder at the top of the house , accompany by loud whistling and moan from the wind , not to mention sporadic howl from the ghoul who live in the attic . Pigwidgeon begin twitter and zoom around his cage when they enter . the sight of the half-packed trunk seem to have send him into a frenzy of excitement . " bung him some Owl Treats , " say Ron , throw a packet across to Harry . " it might shut him up . " Harry poke a few Owl Treats through the bar of Pigwidgeon 's cage , then turn to his trunk . Hedwig 's cage stand next to it , still empty . " it have be over a week , " Harry say , look at Hedwig 's desert perch . " Ron , you do n't reckon Sirius have be catch , do you ? " " Nah , it would have be in the Daily Prophet , " say Ron . " the Ministry would want to show they have catch someone , would n't they ? " " yeah , I suppose ... " " look , here be the stuff Mum get for you in Diagon Alley . and she have get some gold out of your vault for you ... and she be wash all your sock . " he heave a pile of parcel onto Harry 's camp bed and drop the money bag and a load of sock next to it . Harry start unwrap the shopping . apart from the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ , by Miranda Goshawk , he have a handful of new quill , a dozen roll of parchment , and refill for his potion-making kit -- he have be run low on spine of lionfish and essence of belladonna . he be just pile underwear into his cauldron when Ron make a loud noise of disgust behind him . " what be that suppose to be ? " he be hold up something that look to Harry like a long , maroon velvet dress . it have a moldy-looking lace frill at the collar and match lace cuff . there be a knock on the door , and Mrs. Weasley enter , carry an armful of freshly launder Hogwarts robe . " here you be , " she say , sort them into two pile . " now , mind you pack them properly so they do n't crease . " " mum , you have give me Ginny 's new dress , " say Ron , hand it out to her . " of course I have n't , " say Mrs. Weasley . " that be for you . dress robe . " " what ? " say Ron , look horror-struck . " dress robe ! " repeat Mrs. Weasley . " it say on your school list that you be suppose to have dress robe this year ... robe for formal occasion . " " you have get to be kid , " say Ron in disbelief . " I be not wear that , no way . " " everyone wear them , Ron ! " say Mrs. Weasley crossly . " they be all like that ! your father be get some for smart party ! " " I will go starkers before I put that on , " say Ron stubbornly . " do n't be so silly , " say Mrs. Weasley . " you have get to have dress robe , they be on your list ! I get some for Harry too ... show him , Harry ... " in some trepidation , Harry open the last parcel on his camp bed . it be n't as bad as he have expect , however ; his dress robe do n't have any lace on them at all -- in fact , they be more or less the same as his school one , except that they be bottle green instead of black . " I think they will bring out the color of your eye , dear , " say Mrs. Weasley fondly . " well , they be okay ! " say Ron angrily , look at Harry 's robe . " why could n't I have some like that ? " " because ... well , I have to get yours secondhand , and there be n't a lot of choice ! " say Mrs. Weasley , flush . Harry look away . he would willingly have split all the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys , but he know they would never take it . " I be never wear them , " Ron be say stubbornly . " never . " " fine , " snap Mrs. Weasley . " go naked . and , Harry , make sure you get a picture of him . goodness know I could do with a laugh . " she leave the room , slam the door behind her . there be a funny splutter noise from behind them . Pigwidgeon be choke on an overlarge Owl Treat . " why be everything I own rubbish ? " say Ron furiously , stride across the room to unstick Pigwidgeon 's beak . Chapter @card@ Aboard the Hogwarts Express there be a definite end-of-the-holidays gloom in the air when Harry awake next morning . heavy rain be still splatter against the window as he get dress in jean and a sweatshirt ; they would change into their school robe on the Hogwarts Express . he , Ron , Fred , and George have just reach the first-floor landing on their way down to breakfast , when Mrs. Weasley appear at the foot of the stair , look harass . " Arthur ! " she call up the staircase . " Arthur ! urgent message from the Ministry ! " Harry flatten himself against the wall as Mr. Weasley come clatter past with his robe on back-to-front and hurtle out of sight . when Harry and the other enter the kitchen , they see Mrs. Weasley rummage anxiously in the drawers -- " I have get a quill here somewhere ! " -- and Mr. Weasley bend over the fire , talk to - Harry shut his eye hard and open them again to make sure that they be work properly . Amos Diggory 's head be sit in the middle of the flame like a large , bearded egg . it be talk very fast , completely unperturbed by the spark fly around it and the flame lick its ear . " ... Muggle neighbor hear bang and shouting , so they go and call those what-d'you-call-'ems -- please-men . Arthur , you have get to get over there -- " " here ! " say Mrs. Weasley breathlessly , push a piece of parchment , a bottle of ink , and a crumpled quill into Mr. Weasley 's hand . " - it be a real stroke of luck I hear about it , " say Mr. Diggory 's head . " I have to come into the office early to send a couple of owl , and I find the Improper Use of Magic lot all set off -- if Rita Skeeter get hold of this one , Arthur -- " " what do Mad-Eye say happen ? " ask Mr. Weasley , unscrew the ink bottle , load up his quill , and prepare to take note . Mr. Diggory 's head roll its eye . " say he hear an intruder in his yard . say he be creep toward the house , but be ambush by his dustbin . " " what do the dustbin do ? " ask Mr. Weasley , scribble frantically . " make one hell of a noise and fire rubbish everywhere , as far as I can tell , " say Mr. Diggory . " apparently one of them be still rocket around when the please-men turn up -- " Mr. Weasley groan . " and what about the intruder ? " " Arthur , you know Mad-Eye , " say Mr. Diggory 's head , roll its eye again . " someone creep into his yard in the dead of night ? more likely there be a very shell-shocked cat wander around somewhere , cover in potato peeling . but if the Improper Use of Magic lot get their hand on Mad-Eye , he have have it -- think of his record -- we have get to get him off on a minor charge , something in your department -- what be explode dustbin worth ? " " might be a caution , " say Mr. Weasley , still write very fast , his brow furrow . " Mad-Eye do n't use his wand ? he do n't actually attack anyone ? " " I will bet he leap out of bed and start jinx everything he could reach through the window , " say Mr. Diggory , " but they will have a job prove it , there be n't any casualty . " " all right , I be off , " Mr. Weasley say , and he stuff the parchment with his note on it into his pocket and dash out of the kitchen again . Mr. Diggory 's head look around at Mrs. Weasley . " sorry about this , Molly , " it say , more calmly , " bother you so early and everything ... but Arthur be the only one who can get Mad-Eye off , and Mad-Eye be suppose to be start his new job today . why he have to choose last night ... " " never mind , Amos , " say Mrs. Weasley . " sure you wo n't have a bit of toast or anything before you go ? " " oh go on , then , " say Mr. Diggory . Mrs. Weasley take a piece of butter toast from a stack on the kitchen table , put it into the fire tong , and transfer it into Mr. Diggory 's mouth . " Fanks , " he say in a muffle voice , and then , with a small pop , vanish . Harry could hear Mr. Weasley call hurried good-byes to Bill , Charlie , Percy , and the girl . within five minute , he be back in the kitchen , his robe on the right way now , drag a comb through his hair . " I will well hurry -- you have a good term , boy , " say Mr. Weasley to Harry , Ron , and the twin , fasten a cloak over his shoulder and prepare to Disapparate . " Molly , be you go to be all right take the kid to King 's Cross ? " " of course I will , " she say . " you just look after Mad-Eye , we will be fine . " as Mr. Weasley vanish , Bill and Charlie enter the kitchen . " do someone say Mad-Eye ? " Bill ask . " what have he be up to now ? " he say someone try to break into his house last night , " say Mrs. Weasley . " Mad-Eye Moody ? " say George thoughtfully , spread marmalade on his toast . " be n't he that nutter -- " " your father think very highly of Mad-Eye Moody , " say Mrs. Weasley sternly . " yeah , well , Dad collect plug , do n't he ? " say Fred quietly as Mrs. Weasley leave the room . " bird of a feather ... " " Moody be a great wizard in his time , " say Bill . " he be an old friend of Dumbledore 's , be n't he ? " say Charlie . " Dumbledore be not what you will call normal , though , be he ? " say Fred . " I mean , I know he be a genius and everything ... " " who be Mad-Eye ? " ask Harry . " he be retire , use to work at the Ministry , " say Charlie . " I meet him once when Dad take me into work with him . he be an Auror -- one of the good ... a dark wizard catcher , " he add , see Harry 's blank look . " half the cell in Azkaban be full because of him . he make himself load of enemy , though ... the family of people he catch , mainly ... and I hear he have be get really paranoid in his old age . do n't trust anyone anymore . see dark wizard everywhere . " Bill and Charlie decide to come and see everyone off at King 's Cross station , but Percy , apologize most profusely , say that he really need to get to work . " I just ca n't justify take more time off at the moment , " he tell them . " Mr. Crouch be really start to rely on me . " " yeah , you know what , Percy ? " say George seriously . " I reckon he will know your name soon . " Mrs. Weasley have brave the telephone in the village post office to order three ordinary Muggle taxi to take them into London . " Arthur try to borrow Ministry car for us , " Mrs. Weasley whisper to Harry as they stand in the rain-washed yard , watch the taxi driver heave six heavy Hogwarts trunk into their car . " but there be n't any to spare ... oh dear , they do n't look happy , do they ? " Harry do n't like to tell Mrs. Weasley that Muggle taxi driver rarely transport overexcited owl , and Pigwidgeon be make an earsplitting racket . nor do it help that a number of Filibuster 's Fabulous Wet-Start , No-Heat Fireworks go off unexpectedly when Fred 's trunk spring open , cause the driver carry it to yell with fright and pain as Crookshanks claw his way up the man 's leg . the journey be uncomfortable , owe to the fact that they be jam in the back of the taxis with their trunk . Crookshanks take quite a while to recover from the firework , and by the time they enter London , Harry , Ron , and Hermione be all severely scratch . they be very relieve to get out at King 's Cross , even though the rain be come down harder than ever , and they get soak carry their trunk across the busy road and into the station . Harry be use to get onto platform nine and three-quarter by now . it be a simple matter of walk straight through the apparently solid barrier divide platform nine and ten . the only tricky part be do this in an unobtrusive way , so as to avoid attract Muggle attention . they do it in group today ; Harry , Ron , and Hermione ( the most conspicuous , since they be accompany by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks ) go first ; they lean casually against the barrier , chat unconcernedly , and slide sideways through it ... and as they do so , platform nine and three-quarter materialize in front of them . the Hogwarts Express , a gleam scarlet steam engine , be already there , cloud of steam billow from it , through which the many Hogwarts student and parent on the platform appear like dark ghost . Pigwidgeon become noisy than ever in response to the hoot of many owl through the mist . Harry , Ron , and Hermione set off to find seat , and be soon stow their luggage in a compartment halfway along the train . they then hop back down onto the platform to say good-bye to Mrs. Weasley , Bill , and Charlie . " I might be see you all sooner than you think , " say Charlie , grin , as he hug Ginny good-bye . " why ? " say Fred keenly . " you will see , " say Charlie . " just do n't tell Percy I mention it ... it be ' classified information , until such time as the Ministry see fit to release it , ' after all . " " yeah , I sort of wish I be back at Hogwarts this year , " say Bill , hand in his pocket , look almost wistfully at the train . " why ? " say George impatiently . " you be go to have an interesting year , " say Bill , his eye twinkling . " I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it ... " " a bit of what ? " say Ron . but at that moment , the whistle blow , and Mrs. Weasley chivvy them toward the train door . " thanks for have us to stay , Mrs. Weasley , " say Hermione as they climb on board , close the door , and lean out of the window to talk to her . " yeah , thanks for everything , Mrs. Weasley , " say Harry . " oh it be my pleasure , dear , " say Mrs. Weasley . " I will invite you for Christmas , but ... well , I expect you be all go to want to stay at Hogwarts , what with ... one thing and another . " " mum ! " say Ron irritably . " what d'you three know that we do n't ? " " you will find out this evening , I expect , " say Mrs. Weasley , smile . " it be go to be very exciting -- mind you , I be very glad they have change the rule -- " " what rule ? " say Harry , Ron , Fred , and George together . " I be sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you ... now , behave , wo n't you ? wo n't you , Fred ? and you , George ? " the piston hiss loudly and the train begin to move . " tell us what be happen at Hogwarts ! " Fred bellow out of the window as Mrs. Weasley , Bill , and Charlie speed away from them . " what rule be they change ? " but Mrs. Weasley only smile and wave . before the train have round the corner , she , Bill , and Charlie have Disapparated . Harry , Ron , and Hermione go back to their compartment . the thick rain splatter the window make it very difficult to see out of them . Ron undo his trunk , pull out his maroon dress robe , and fling them over Pigwidgeon 's cage to muffle his hoot . " bagman want to tell us what be happen at Hogwarts , " he say grumpily , sit down next to Harry . " at the World Cup , remember ? but my own mother wo n't say . wonder what -- " " Shh ! " Hermione whisper suddenly , press her finger to her lip and point toward the compartment next to theirs . Harry and Ron listen , and hear a familiar drawl voice drift in through the open door . " ... Father actually consider send me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts , you know . he know the headmaster , you see . well , you know his opinion of Dumbledore -- the man be such a Mudblood-lover -- and Durmstrang do n't admit that sort of riffraff . but Mother do n't like the idea of me go to school so far away . father say Durmstrang take a far more sensible line than Hogwarts about the dark art . Durmstrang student actually learn them , not just the defense rubbish we do ... " Hermione get up , tiptoe to the compartment door , and slide it shut , block out Malfoy 's voice . " so he think Durmstrang would have suit him , do he ? " she say angrily . " I wish he have go , then we would n't have to put up with him . " " Durmstrang be another wizarding school ? " say Harry . " yes , " say Hermione sniffily , " and it have get a horrible reputation . accord to an Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe , it put a lot of emphasis on the dark art . " " I think I have hear of it , " say Ron vaguely . " where be it ? what country ? " " well , nobody know , do they ? " say Hermione , raise her eyebrow . " er -- why not ? " say Harry . " there be traditionally be a lot of rivalry between all the magic school . Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to conceal their whereabouts so nobody can steal their secret , " say Hermione matter-of-factly . " come off it , " say Ron , start to laugh . " Durmstrang be get to be about the same size as Hogwarts -- how be you go to hide a great big castle ? " " but Hogwarts be hide , " say Hermione , in surprise . " everyone know that ... well , everyone who have read Hogwarts , a history , anyway . " " just you , then , " say Ron . " so go on -- how d'you hide a place like Hogwarts ? " " it be bewitch , " say Hermione . " if a Muggle look at it , all they see be a molder old ruin with a sign over the entrance say Danger , do NOT Enter , UNSAFE . " " so Durmstrang will just look like a ruin to an outsider too ? " " maybe , " say Hermione , shrug , " or it might have Muggle-repelling charm on it , like the World Cup stadium . and to keep foreign wizard from find it , they will have make it Unplottable -- " " come again ? " " well , you can enchant a building so it be impossible to plot on a map , ca n't you ? " " er ... if you say so , " say Harry . " but I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the far north , " say Hermione thoughtfully . " somewhere very cold , because they have get fur cape as part of their uniform . " " ah , think of the possibility , " say Ron dreamily . " it would have be so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident ... Shame his mother like him ... " the rain become heavy and heavy as the train move farther north . the sky be so dark and the window so steamy that the lantern be light by midday . the lunch trolley come rattle along the corridor , and Harry buy a large stack of Cauldron Cakes for them to share . several of their friend look in on them as the afternoon progress , include Seamus Finnigan , Dean Thomas , and Neville Longbottom , a round-faced , extremely forgetful boy who have be bring up by his formidable witch of a grandmother . Seamus be still wear his Ireland rosette . some of its magic seem to be wear off now ; it be still squeak " Troy -- Mullet -- Moran ! " but in a very feeble and exhaust sort of way . after half an hour or so , Hermione , grow tired of the endless Quidditch talk , bury herself once more in the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ , and start try to learn a Summoning Charm . Neville listen jealously to the other ' conversation as they relive the Cup match . " Gran do n't want to go , " he say miserably . " would n't buy ticket . it sound amaze though . " " it be , " say Ron . " look at this , Neville ... " he rummage in his trunk up in the luggage rack and pull out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum . " oh wow , " say Neville enviously as Ron tip Krum onto his pudgy hand . " we see him right up close , as well , " say Ron . " we be in the top Box -- " " for the first and last time in your life , Weasley . " Draco Malfoy have appear in the doorway . behind him stand Crabbe and Goyle , his enormous , thuggish crony , both of whom appear to have grow at least a foot during the summer . evidently they have overhear the conversation through the compartment door , which Dean and Seamus have leave ajar . " do n't remember ask you to join us , Malfoy , " say Harry coolly . " Weasley ... what be that ? " say Malfoy , point at Pigwidgeon 's cage . a sleeve of Ron 's dress robe be dangle from it , sway with the motion of the train , the moldy lace cuff very obvious . Ron make to stuff the robe out of sight , but Malfoy be too quick for him ; he seize the sleeve and pull . " look at this ! " say Malfoy in ecstasy , hold up Ron 's robe and show Crabbe and Goyle , " Weasley , you be n't think of wear these , be you ? I mean -- they be very fashionable in about eighteen ninety ... " " Eat dung , Malfoy ! " say Ron , the same color as the dress robe as he snatch them back out of Malfoy 's grip . Malfoy howl with derisive laughter ; Crabbe and Goyle guffaw stupidly . " so ... go to enter , Weasley ? go to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name ? there be money involve as well , you know ... you will be able to afford some decent robe if you win ... " " what be you talk about ? " snap Ron . " be you go to enter ? " Malfoy repeat . " I suppose you will , Potter ? you never miss a chance to show off , do you ? " " either explain what you be on about or go away , Malfoy , " say Hermione testily , over the top of the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ . a gleeful smile spread across Malfoy 's pale face . " do n't tell me you do n't know ? " he say delightedly . " you have get a father and brother at the Ministry and you do n't even know ? My God , my father tell me about it age ago ... hear it from Cornelius Fudge . but then , Father 's always associate with the top people at the Ministry ... maybe your father be too junior to know about it , Weasley ... yes ... they probably do n't talk about important stuff in front of him ... " laugh once more , Malfoy beckon to Crabbe and Goyle , and the three of them disappear . Ron get to his foot and slam the slide compartment door so hard behind them that the glass shatter . " Ron ! " say Hermione reproachfully , and she pull out her wand , mutter " Reparo ! " and the glass shard fly back into a single pane and back into the door . " well ... make it look like he know everything and we do n't ... " Ron snarl . " ' Father 's always associate with the top people at the Ministry . ' ... Dad could have get a promotion any time ... he just like it where he be ... " " of course he do , " say Hermione quietly . " do n't let Malfoy get to you , Ron -- " " Him ! get to me ! ? as if ! " say Ron , pick up one of the remain Cauldron cake and squash it into a pulp . Ron 's bad mood continue for the rest of the journey . he do n't talk much as they change into their school robe , and be still glower when the Hogwarts Express slow down at last and finally stop in the pitch-darkness of Hogsmeade station . as the train door open , there be a rumble of thunder overhead . Hermione bundle up Crookshanks in her cloak and Ron leave his dress robe over Pigwidgeon as they leave the train , head bent and eye narrow against the downpour . the rain be now come down so thick and fast that it be as though bucket of ice-cold water be be empty repeatedly over their head . " hi , Hagrid ! " Harry yell , see a gigantic silhouette at the far end of the platform . " all righ ' , Harry ? " Hagrid bellow back , wave . " see yeh at the feast if we don ' drown ! " first year traditionally reach Hogwarts Castle by sail across the lake with Hagrid . " Oooh , I would n't fancy cross the lake in this weather , " say Hermione fervently , shiver as they inch slowly along the dark platform with the rest of the crowd . a hundred horseless carriage stand wait for them outside the station . Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Neville climb gratefully into one of them , the door shut with a snap , and a few moment later , with a great lurch , the long procession of carriage be rumble and splash its way up the track toward Hogwarts Castle . Chapter @card@ the Triwizard Tournament through the gate , flank with statue of wing boar , and up the sweeping drive the carriage trundle , sway dangerously in what be fast become a gale . lean against the window , Harry could see Hogwarts come near , its many lighted window blur and shimmer behind the thick curtain of rain . lightning flash across the sky as their carriage come to a halt before the great oak front door , which stand at the top of a flight of stone step . people who have occupy the carriage in front be already hurry up the stone step into the castle . Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Neville jump down from their carriage and dash up the step too , look up only when they be safely inside the cavernous , torch-lit entrance hall , with its magnificent marble staircase . " Blimey , " say Ron , shake his head and send water everywhere , " if that keep up the lake be go to overflow . I be soak -- Arrgh ! " a large , red , water-filled balloon have drop from out of the ceiling onto Ron 's head and explode . drench and sputter , Ron stagger sideways into Harry , just as a second water bomb drop -- narrowly miss Hermione , it burst at Harry 's foot , send a wave of cold water over his sneakers into his sock . people all around them shriek and start push one another in their effort to get out of the line of fire . Harry look up and see , float twenty foot above them , Peeves the Poltergeist , a little man in a bell-covered hat and orange bow tie , his wide , malicious face contort with concentration as he take aim again . " peeve ! " yell an angry voice . " peeve , come down here at once ! " Professor McGonagall , Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House , have come dash out of the Great Hall ; she skid on the wet floor and grab Hermione around the neck to stop herself from fall . " ouch -- sorry , Miss Granger -- " " that be all right , Professor ! " Hermione gasp , massage her throat . " peeve , get down here now ! " bark Professor McGonagall , straighten her pointed hat and glare upward through her square-rimmed spectacle . " not do nothing ! " cackle Peeves , lob a water bomb at several fifth-year girl , who scream and dive into the Great Hall . " already wet , be n't they ? little squirt ! Wheeeeeeeeee ! " and he aim another bomb at a group of second year who have just arrive . " I shall call the headmaster ! " shout Professor McGonagall . " I be warn you , Peeves -- " Peeves stick out his tongue , throw the last of his water bomb into the air , and zoom off up the marble staircase , cackle insanely . " well , move along , then ! " say Professor McGonagall sharply to the bedraggled crowd . " into the Great Hall , come on ! " Harry , Ron , and Hermione slip and slide across the entrance hall and through the double door on the right , Ron mutter furiously under his breath as he push his sopping hair off his face . the Great Hall look its usual splendid self , decorate for the start-of-term feast . golden plate and goblet gleam by the light of hundred and hundred of candle , float over the table in midair . the four long House table be pack with chatter student ; at the top of the Hall , the staff sit along one side of a fifth table , face their pupil . it be much warm in here . Harry , Ron , and Hermione walk past the Slytherins , the Ravenclaws , and the Hufflepuffs , and sit down with the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Hall , next to nearly headless Nick , the Gryffindor ghost . pearly white and semitransparent , Nick be dress tonight in his usual doublet , but with a particularly large ruff , which serve the dual purpose of look extra-festive , and insure that his head do n't wobble too much on his partially sever neck . " good evening , " he say , beam at them . " say who ? " say Harry , take off his sneakers and empty them of water . " hope they hurry up with the Sorting . I be starve . " the Sorting of the new student into house take place at the start of every school year , but by an unlucky combination of circumstance , Harry have n't be present at one since his own . he be quite look forward to it . just then , a highly excited , breathless voice call down the table . " Hiya , Harry ! " it be Colin Creevey , a third year to whom Harry be something of a hero . " hi , Colin , " say Harry warily . " Harry , guess what ? guess what , Harry ? my brother be start ! my brother Dennis ! " " er -- good , " say Harry . " he be really excite ! " say Colin , practically bounce up and down in his seat . " I just hope he be in Gryffindor ! keep your finger cross , eh , Harry ? " " er -- yeah , all right , " say Harry . he turn back to Hermione , Ron , and nearly Headless Nick . " brother and sister usually go in the same house , do n't they ? " he say . he be judge by the Weasleys , all seven of whom have be put into Gryffindor . " oh no , not necessarily , " say Hermione . " Parvati Patil 's twin be in Ravenclaw , and they be identical . you will think they will be together , would n't you ? " Harry look up at the staff table . there seem to be rather more empty seat there than usual . Hagrid , of course , be still fight his way across the lake with the first year ; Professor McGonagall be presumably supervise the dry of the entrance hall floor , but there be another empty chair too , and Harry could n't think who else be miss . " where be the new defense against the Dark Arts teacher ? " say Hermione , who be also look up at the teacher . they have never yet have a defense against the Dark Arts teacher who have last more than three term . Harry 's favorite by far have be Professor Lupin , who have resign last year . he look up and down the staff table . there be definitely no new face there . " maybe they could n't get anyone ! " say Hermione , look anxious . Harry scan the table more carefully . tiny little Professor Flitwick , the Charms teacher , be sit on a large pile of cushion beside Professor Sprout , the Herbology teacher , whose hat be askew over her flyaway gray hair . she be talk to Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department . on Professor Sinistra 's other side be the sallow-faced , hook-nosed , greasy-haired potion master , Snape -- Harry 's least favorite person at Hogwarts . Harry 's loathing of Snape be match only by Snape 's hatred of him , a hatred which have , if possible , intensified last year , when Harry have help Sirius escape right under Snape 's overlarge nose -- Snape and Sirius have be enemy since their own school day . on Snape 's other side be an empty seat , which Harry guess be Professor McGonagall 's . next to it , and in the very center of the table , sit Professor Dumbledore , the headmaster , his sweeping silver hair and beard shine in the candlelight , his magnificent deep green robe embroider with many star and moon . the tip of Dumbledore 's long , thin finger be together and he be rest his chin upon them , stare up at the ceiling through his half-moon spectacle as though lose in thought . Harry glance up at the ceiling too . it be enchant to look like the sky outside , and he have never see it look this stormy . Black and purple cloud be swirl across it , and as another thunderclap sound outside , a fork of lightning flash across it . " oh hurry up , " Ron moan , beside Harry , " I could eat a hippogriff . " the word be no sooner out of his mouth than the door of the Great Hall open and silence fall . Professor McGonagall be lead a long line of first year up to the top of the Hall . if Harry , Ron , and Hermione be wet , it be nothing to how these first year look . they appear to have swim across the lake rather than sail . all of them be shiver with a combination of cold and nerve as they file along the staff table and come to a halt in a line face the rest of the school -- all of them except the small of the lot , a boy with mousy hair , who be wrap in what Harry recognize as Hagrid 's moleskin overcoat . the coat be so big for him that it look as though he be drape in a furry black circus tent . his small face protrude from over the collar , look almost painfully excite . when he have line up with his terrified-looking peer , he catch Colin Creevey 's eye , give a double thumbs-up , and mouth , I fall in the lake ! he look positively delighted about it . Professor McGonagall now place a three-legged stool on the ground before the first year and , on top of it , an extremely old , dirty , patched wizard 's hat . the first year stare at it . so do everyone else . for a moment , there be silence . then a long tear near the brim open wide like a mouth , and the hat break into song : a thousand year or more ago , when I be newly sew , there live four wizard of renown , Whose name be still well know : bold Gryffindor , from wild moor , Fair Ravenclaw , from glen , Sweet Hufflepuff , from valley broad , Shrewd Slytherin , from fen . they share a wish , a hope , a dream , they hatch a daring plan to educate young sorcerer thus Hogwarts School begin . now each of these four founder form their own house , for each do value different virtue in the one they have to teach . by Gryffindor , the brave be prize far beyond the rest ; for Ravenclaw , the clever Would always be the good ; for Hufflepuff , hard worker be most worthy of admission ; and power-hungry Slytherin Loved those of great ambition . while still alive they do divide their favorite from the throng , yet how to pick the worthy one when they be dead and go ? ' Twas Gryffindor who find the way , he whip me off his head the founder put some brain in me so I could choose instead ! now slip me snug about your ear , I have never yet be wrong , I will have a look inside your mind and tell where you belong ! the Great Hall ring with applause as the Sorting Hat finish . " that be not the song it sing when it sort us , " say Harry , clap along with everyone else . " sing a different one every year , " say Ron . " it be get to be a pretty boring life , have n't it , be a hat ? I suppose it spend all year make up the next one . " Professor McGonagall be now unroll a large scroll of parchment . " when I call out your name , you will put on the hat and sit on the stool , " she tell the first year . " when the hat announce your house , you will go and sit at the appropriate table . " Ackerley , Stewart ! " a boy walk forward , visibly tremble from head to foot , pick up the Sorting Hat , put it on , and sit down on the stool . " RAVENCLAW ! " shout the hat . Stewart Ackerley take off the hat and hurry into a seat at the Ravenclaw table , where everyone be applaud him . Harry catch a glimpse of Cho , the Ravenclaw Seeker , cheer Stewart Ackerley as he sit down . for a fleeting second , Harry have a strange desire to join the Ravenclaw table too . " Baddock , Malcolm ! " " SLYTHERIN ! " the table on the other side of the hall erupt with cheer ; Harry could see Malfoy clap as Baddock join the Slytherins . Harry wonder whether Baddock know that Slytherin House have turn out more dark witch and wizard than any other . Fred and George hiss Malcolm Baddock as he sit down . " Branstone , Eleanor ! " " HUFFLEPUFF ! " " Cauldwell , Owen ! " " HUFFLEPUFF ! " " Creevey , Dennis ! " Tiny Dennis Creevey stagger forward , trip over Hagrid 's moleskin , just as Hagrid himself sidle into the Hall through a door behind the teacher ' table . about twice as tall as a normal man , and at least three time as broad , Hagrid , with his long , wild , tangled black hair and beard , look slightly alarming -- a mislead impression , for Harry , Ron , and Hermione know Hagrid to possess a very kind nature . he wink at them as he sit down at the end of the staff table and watch Dennis Creevey put on the Sorting Hat . the rip at the brim open wide - " GRYFFINDOR ! " the hat shout . Hagrid clap along with the Gryffindors as Dennis Creevey , beam widely , take off the hat , place it back on the stool , and hurry over to join his brother . " Colin , I fall in ! " he say shrilly , throw himself into an empty seat . " it be brilliant ! and something in the water grab me and push me back in the boat ! " " cool ! " say Colin , just as excitedly . " it be probably the giant squid , Dennis ! " " wow ! " say Dennis , as though nobody in their wild dream could hope for more than be throw into a storm-tossed , fathoms-deep lake , and push out of it again by a giant sea monster . " Dennis ! Dennis ! see that boy down there ? the one with the black hair and glass ? see him ? know who he be , Dennis ? " Harry look away , stare very hard at the Sorting Hat , now Sorting Emma Dobbs . the Sorting continue ; boy and girl with vary degree of fright on their face move one by one to the three-legged stool , the line dwindle slowly as Professor McGonagall pass the L 's . " oh hurry up , " Ron moan , massage his stomach . " now , Ron , the Sorting be much more important than food , " say nearly Headless Nick as " Madley , Laura ! " become a Hufflepuff . " ' Course it be , if you be dead , " snap Ron . " I do hope this year 's batch of Gryffindors be up to scratch , " say nearly Headless Nick , applaud as " McDonald , Natalie ! " join the Gryffindor table . " we do n't want to break our winning streak , do we ? " Gryffindor have win the Inter-House Championship for the last three year in a row . " Pritchard , Graham ! " " SLYTHERIN ! " " Quirke , Orla ! " " RAVENCLAW ! " and finally , with " Whitby , Kevin ! " ( " HUFFLEPUFF ! " ) , the Sorting end . Professor McGonagall pick up the hat and the stool and carry them away . " about time , " say Ron , seize his knife and fork and look expectantly at his golden plate . Professor Dumbledore have get to his foot . he be smile around at the student , his arm open wide in welcome . " I have only two word to say to you , " he tell them , his deep voice echo around the Hall . " tuck in . " " hear , hear ! " say Harry and Ron loudly as the empty dish fill magically before their eye . nearly Headless Nick watch mournfully as Harry , Ron , and Hermione load their own plate . " aaah , ' at be be'er , " say Ron , with his mouth full of mash potato . " you be lucky there be a feast at all tonight , you know , " say nearly Headless Nick . " there be trouble in the kitchen earlier . " " why ? Wha ' ' appened ? " say Harry , through a sizable chunk of steak . " peeve , of course , " say nearly Headless Nick , shake his head , which wobble dangerously . he pull his ruff a little high up on his neck . " the usual argument , you know . he want to attend the feast -- well , it be quite out of the question , you know what he be like , utterly uncivilized , ca n't see a plate of food without throw it . we hold a ghost 's council -- the Fat Friar be all for give him the chance -- but most wisely , in my opinion , the Bloody Baron put his foot down . " the Bloody Baron be the Slytherin ghost , a gaunt and silent specter cover in silver bloodstain . he be the only person at Hogwarts who could really control Peeves . " yeah , we think Peeves seem hack off about something , " say Ron darkly . " so what do he do in the kitchen ? " " oh the usual , " say nearly Headless Nick , shrug . " wreak havoc and mayhem . pot and pan everywhere . place swimming in soup . terrify the house-elves out of their wit -- " Clang . Hermione have knock over her golden goblet . pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth , stain several foot of white linen orange , but Hermione pay no attention . " there be house-elves here ? " she say , stare , horror-struck , at nearly headless Nick . " here at Hogwarts ? " " certainly , " say nearly Headless Nick , look surprised at her reaction . " the large number in any dwelling in Britain , I believe . over a hundred . " " I have never see one ! " say Hermione . " well , they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day , do they ? " say nearly Headless Nick . " they come out at night to do a bit of cleaning ... see to the fire and so on ... I mean , you be not suppose to see them , be you ? that be the mark of a good house-elf , be n't it , that you do n't know it be there ? " Hermione stare at him . " but they get pay ? " she say . " they get holiday , do n't they ? and -- and sick leave , and pension , and everything ? " nearly Headless Nick chortle so much that his ruff slip and his head flop off , dangle on the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attach it to his neck . " sick leave and pension ? " he say , push his head back onto his shoulder and secure it once more with his ruff . " House-elves do n't want sick leave and pension ! " Hermione look down at her hardly touch plate of food , then put her knife and fork down upon it and push it away from her . " oh c'mon , ' Er-my-knee , " say Ron , accidentally spray Harry with bit of Yorkshire pudding . " oops -- sorry , ' Arry -- " he swallow . " you wo n't get them sick leave by starve yourself ! " " slave labor , " say Hermione , breathe hard through her nose . " that be what make this dinner . slave labor . " and she refuse to eat another bite . the rain be still drum heavily against the high , dark glass . another clap of thunder shake the window , and the stormy ceiling flash , illuminate the golden plate as the remain of the first course vanish and be replace , instantly , with pudding . " treacle tart , Hermione ! " say Ron , deliberately waft its smell toward her . " spotted dick , look ! chocolate gateau ! " but Hermione give him a look so reminiscent of Professor McGonagall that he give up . when the pudding too have be demolish , and the last crumb have fade off the plate , leave them sparkling clean , Albus Dumbledore get to his foot again . the buzz of chatter fill the Hall cease almost at once , so that only the howl wind and pound rain could be hear . " so ! " say Dumbledore , smile around at them all . " now that we be all feed and water , " ( " Hmph ! " say Hermione ) " I must once more ask for your attention , while I give out a few notice . " Mr. Filch , the caretaker , have ask me to tell you that the list of object forbid inside the castle have this year be extend to include Screaming Yo-yos , fanged Frisbee , and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs . the full list comprise some four hundred and thirty-seven item , I believe , and can be view in Mr. Filch 's office , if anybody would like to check it . " the corner of Dumbledore 's mouth twitch . he continue , " as ever , I would like to remind you all that the forest on the ground be out-of-bound to student , as be the village of Hogs meade to all below third year . " it be also my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year . " " what ? " Harry gasp . he look around at Fred and George , his fellow member of the Quidditch team . they be mouth soundlessly at Dumbledore , apparently too appall to speak . Dumbledore go on , " this be due to an event that will be start in October , and continue throughout the school year , take up much of the teacher ' time and energy -- but I be sure you will all enjoy it immensely . I have great pleasure in announce that this year at Hogwarts -- " but at that moment , there be a deafen rumble of thunder and the door of the Great Hall bang open . a man stand in the doorway , lean upon a long staff , shroud in a black travel cloak . every head in the Great Hall swivel toward the stranger , suddenly brightly illuminate by a fork of lightning that flash across the ceiling . he lower his hood , shake out a long mane of grizzled , dark gray hair , then begin to walk up toward the teacher ' table . a dull clunk echo through the Hall on his every other step . he reach the end of the top table , turn right , and limp heavily toward Dumbledore . another flash of lightning cross the ceiling . Hermione gasp . the lightning have throw the man 's face into sharp relief , and it be a face unlike any Harry have ever see . it look as though it have be carve out of weathered wood by someone who have only the vague idea of what human face be suppose to look like , and be none too skilled with a chisel . every inch of skin seem to be scar . the mouth look like a diagonal gash , and a large chunk of the nose be miss . but it be the man 's eye that make him frightening . one of them be small , dark , and beady . the other be large , round as a coin , and a vivid , electric blue . the blue eye be move ceaselessly , without blink , and be roll up , down , and from side to side , quite independently of the normal eye -- and then it roll right over , point into the back of the man 's head , so that all they could see be whiteness . the stranger reach Dumbledore . he stretch out a hand that be as badly scar as his face , and Dumbledore shake it , mutter word Harry could n't hear . he seem to be make some inquiry of the stranger , who shake his head unsmilingly and reply in an undertone . Dumbledore nod and gesture the man to the empty seat on his right-hand side . the stranger sit down , shake his mane of dark gray hair out of his face , pull a plate of sausage toward him , raise it to what be leave of his nose , and sniff it . he then take a small knife out of his pocket , spear a sausage on the end of it , and begin to eat . his normal eye be fix upon the sausage , but the blue eye be still dart restlessly around in its socket , take in the Hall and the student . " may I introduce our new defense against the Dark Arts teacher ? " say Dumbledore brightly into the silence . " Professor Moody . " it be usual for new staff member to be greet with applause , but none of the staff or student clap except Dumbledore and Hagrid , who both put their hand together and applaud , but the sound echo dismally into the silence , and they stop fairly quickly . everyone else seem too transfix by Moody 's bizarre appearance to do more than stare at him . " moody ? " Harry mutter to Ron . " Mad-Eye Moody ? the one your dad go to help this morning ? " " must be , " say Ron in a low , awe voice . " what happen to him ? " Hermione whisper . " what happen to his face ? " " dunno , " Ron whisper back , watch moody with fascination . Moody seem totally indifferent to his less-than-warm welcome . ignore the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him , he reach again into his travel cloak , pull out a hip flask , and take a long draught from it . as he lift his arm to drink , his cloak be pull a few inch from the ground , and Harry see , below the table , several inch of carve wooden leg , end in a claw foot . Dumbledore clear his throat . " as I be say , " he say , smile at the sea of student before him , all of whom be still gaze transfix at Mad-Eye Moody , " we be to have the honor of host a very exciting event over the come month , an event that have not be hold for over a century . it be my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be take place at Hogwarts this year . " " you be JOKING ! " say Fred Weasley loudly . the tension that have fill the Hall ever since Moody 's arrival suddenly break . nearly everyone laugh , and Dumbledore chuckle appreciatively . " I be not joke , Mr. Weasley , " he say , " though now that you mention it , I do hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll , a hag , and a leprechaun who all go into a bar ... " Professor McGonagall clear her throat loudly . " er -- but maybe this be not the time ... no ... " say Dumbledore , " where be I ? ah yes , the Triwizard Tournament ... well , some of you will not know what this tournament involve , so I hope those who do know will forgive me for give a short explanation , and allow their attention to wander freely . " the Triwizard Tournament be first establish some seven hundred year ago as a friendly competition between the three large European school of wizardry : Hogwarts , Beauxbatons , and Durmstrang . a champion be select to represent each school , and the three champion compete in three magical task . the school take it in turn to host the tournament once every five year , and it be generally agree to be a most excellent way of establish tie between young witch and wizard of different nationality -- until , that be , the death toll mount so high that the tournament be discontinue . " " death toll ? " Hermione whisper , look alarm . but her anxiety do not seem to be share by the majority of student in the Hall ; many of them be whisper excitedly to one another , and Harry himself be far more interested in hearing about the tournament than in worry about death that have happen hundred of year ago . " there have be several attempt over the century to reinstate the tournament , " Dumbledore continue , " none of which have be very successful . however , our own department of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decide the time be ripe for another attempt . we have work hard over the summer to ensure that this time , no champion will find himself or herself in mortal danger . " the head of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arrive with their short-list contender in October , and the selection of the three champion will take place at Halloween . an impartial judge will decide which student be most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup , the glory of their school , and a thousand Galleons personal prize money . " " I be go for it ! " Fred Weasley hiss down the table , his face light with enthusiasm at the prospect of such glory and rich . he be not the only person who seem to be visualize himself as the Hogwarts champion . at every House table , Harry could see people either gaze raptly at Dumbledore , or else whisper fervently to their neighbor . but then Dumbledore speak again , and the Hall quiet once more . " eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts , " he say , " the head of the participate school , along with the Ministry of Magic , have agree to impose an age restriction on contender this year . only student who be of age -- that be to say , seventeen year or old -- will be allow to put forward their name for consideration . this " -- Dumbledore raise his voice slightly , for several people have make noise of outrage at these word , and the Weasley twin be suddenly look furious -- " be a measure we feel be necessary , give that the tournament task will still be difficult and dangerous , whatever precaution we take , and it be highly unlikely that student below sixth and seventh year will be able to cope with them . I will personally be ensure that no underage student hoodwink our impartial judge into make them Hogwarts champion . " his light blue eye twinkle as they flicker over Fred 's and George 's mutinous face . " I therefore beg you not to waste your time submit yourself if you be under seventeen . " the delegation from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arrive in October and remain with us for the great part of this year . I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our foreign guest while they be with us , and will give your whole-hearted support to the Hogwarts champion when he or she be select . and now , it be late , and I know how important it be to you all to be alert and rest as you enter your lesson tomorrow morning . bedtime ! chop chop ! " Dumbledore sit down again and turn to talk to Mad-Eye Moody . there be a great scrape and bang as all the student get to their foot and swarm toward the double door into the entrance hall . " they ca n't do that ! " say George Weasley , who have not join the crowd move toward the door , but be stand up and glare at Dumbledore . " we be seventeen in April , why ca n't we have a shot ? " " they be not stop me enter , " say Fred stubbornly , also scowl at the top table . " the champion will get to do all sort of stuff you will never be allow to do normally . and a thousand Galleons prize money ! " " yeah , " say Ron , a faraway look on his face . " yeah , a thousand Galleons ... " " come on , " say Hermione , " we will be the only one leave here if you do n't move . " Harry , Ron , Hermione , Fred , and George set off for the entrance hall , Fred and George debate the way in which Dumbledore might stop those who be under seventeen from enter the tournament . " who be this impartial judge who be go to decide who the champion be ? " say Harry . " dunno , " say Fred , " but it be them we will have to fool . I reckon a couple of drop of Aging Potion might do it , George ... " " Dumbledore know you be not of age , though , " say Ron . " yeah , but he be not the one who decide who the champion be , be he ? " say Fred shrewdly . " sound to me like once this judge know who want to enter , he will choose the good from each school and never mind how old they be . Dumbledore be try to stop us give our name . " " people have die , though ! " say Hermione in a worried voice as they walk through a door conceal behind a tapestry and start up another , narrow staircase . " yeah , " say Fred airily , " but that be year ago , be n't it ? anyway , where be the fun without a bit of risk ? hey , Ron , what if we find out how to get ' around Dumbledore ? fancy enter ? " " what d'you reckon ? " Ron ask Harry . " be cool to enter , would n't it ? but I s'pose they might want someone old ... dunno if we have learn enough ... " " I definitely have n't , " come Neville 's gloomy voice from behind Fred and George . " I expect my gran will want me to try , though . she be always go on about how I should be uphold the family honor . I will just have to -- oops ... " Neville 's foot have sink right through a step halfway up the staircase . there be many of these trick stair at Hogwarts ; it be second nature to most of the old student to jump this particular step , but Neville 's memory be notoriously poor . Harry and Ron seize him under the armpit and pull him out , while a suit of armor at the top of the stair creak and clank , laugh wheezily . " shut it , you , " say Ron , bang down its visor as they pass . they make their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower , which be conceal behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress . " password ? " she say as they approach . " balderdash , " say George , " a prefect downstairs tell me . " the portrait swing forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climb . a crackling fire warm the circular common room , which be full of squashy armchair and table . Hermione cast the merrily dance flame a dark look , and Harry distinctly hear her mutter " Slave labor , " before bid them good night and disappear through the doorway to the girl ' dormitory . Harry , Ron , and Neville climb up the last , spiral staircase until they reach their own dormitory , which be situate at the top of the tower . five four-poster bed with deep crimson hanging stand against the wall , each with its owner 's trunk at the foot . Dean and Seamus be already get into bed ; Seamus have pin his Ireland rosette to his headboard , and Dean have tack up a poster of Viktor Krum over his bedside table . his old poster of the West Ham football team be pin right next to it . " mental , " Ron sigh , shake his head at the completely stationary soccer player . Harry , Ron , and Neville get into their pajamas and into bed . someone -- a house-elf , no doubt -- have place warming pan between the sheet . it be extremely comfortable , lie there in bed and listen to the storm rage outside . " I might go in for it , you know , " Ron say sleepily through the darkness , " if Fred and George find out how to ... the tournament ... you never know , do you ? " " S'pose not ... " Harry roll over in bed , a series of dazzling new picture form in his mind 's eye ... he have hoodwink the impartial judge into believe he be seventeen ... he have become Hogwarts champion ... he be stand on the ground , his arm raise in triumph in front of the whole school , all of whom be applaud and scream ... he have just win the Triwizard Tournament ... Cho 's face stand out particularly clearly in the blur crowd , her face glow with admiration ... Harry grin into his pillow , exceptionally glad that Ron could n't see what he could . Chapter @card@ Mad-Eye Moody the storm have blow itself out by the follow morning , though the ceiling in the Great Hall be still gloomy ; heavy cloud of pewter gray swirl overhead as Harry , Ron , and Hermione examine their new course schedule at breakfast . a few seat along , Fred , George , and Lee Jordan be discuss magical method of age themselves and bluff their way into the Triwizard Tournament . " today be not bad ... outside all morning , " say Ron , who be run his finger down the Monday column of his schedule . " Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures ... damn it , we be still with the Slytherins ... " " Double Divination this afternoon , " Harry groan , look down . divination be his least favorite subject , apart from potion . Professor Trelawney keep predict Harry 's death , which he find extremely annoy . " you should have give it up like me , should n't you ? " say Hermione briskly , butter herself some toast . " then you will be do something sensible like Arithmancy . " " you be eat again , I notice , " say Ron , watch Hermione add liberal amount of jam to her toast too . " I have decide there be good way of make a stand about elf right , " say Hermione haughtily . " yeah ... and you be hungry , " say Ron , grin . there be a sudden rustle noise above them , and a hundred owl come soar through the open window carry the morning mail . instinctively , Harry look up , but there be no sign of white among the mass of brown and gray . the owl circle the table , look for the people to whom their letter and package be address . a large tawny owl soar down to Neville Longbottom and deposit a parcel into his lap -- Neville almost always forget to pack something . on the other side of the Hall Draco Malfoy 's eagle owl have land on his shoulder , carry what look like his usual supply of sweet and cake from home . try to ignore the sink feeling of disappointment in his stomach , Harry return to his porridge . be it possible that something have happen to Hedwig , and that Sirius have n't even get his letter ? his preoccupation last all the way across the sodden vegetable patch until they arrive in greenhouse three , but here he be distract by Professor Sprout show the class the ugly plant Harry have ever see . indeed , they look less like plant than thick , black , giant slug , protrude vertically out of the soil . each be squirm slightly and have a number of large , shiny swelling upon it , which appear to be full of liquid . " Bubotubers , " Professor Sprout tell them briskly . " they need squeeze . you will collect the pus -- " " the what ? " say Seamus Finnigan , sound revolt . " pus , Finnigan , pus , " say Professor Sprout , " and it be extremely valuable , so do n't waste it . you will collect the pus , I say , in these bottle . wear your dragon-hide glove ; it can do funny thing to the skin when undiluted , bubotuber pus . " squeeze the bubotubers be disgusting , but oddly satisfying . as each swell be pop , a large amount of thick yellowish-green liquid burst forth , which smell strongly of petrol . they catch it in the bottle as Professor Sprout have indicate , and by the end of the lesson have collect several pint . " this will keep Madam Pomfrey happy , " say Professor Sprout , stopper the last bottle with a cork . " an excellent remedy for the more stubborn form of acne , bubotuber pus . should stop student resort to desperate measure to rid themselves of pimple . " " like poor Eloise Midgen , " say Hannah Abbott , a Hufflepuff , in a hush voice . " she try to curse hers off . " " silly girl , " say Professor Sprout , shake her head . " but Madam Pomfrey fix her nose back on in the end . " a booming bell echo from the castle across the wet ground , signal the end of the lesson , and the class separate ; the Hufflepuffs climb the stone step for transfiguration , and the Gryffindors head in the other direction , down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid 's small wooden cabin , which stand on the edge of the Forbidden Forest . Hagrid be stand outside his hut , one hand on the collar of his enormous black boarhound , Fang . there be several open wooden crate on the ground at his foot , and Fang be whimper and strain at his collar , apparently keen to investigate the content more closely . as they draw near , an odd rattle noise reach their ear , punctuate by what sound like minor explosion . " Mornin ' ! " Hagrid say , grin at Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " Be'er wait fer the Slytherins , they win ' want ter miss this -- Blast-Ended Skrewts ! " " come again ? " say Ron . Hagrid point down into the crate . " Eurgh ! " squeal Lavender Brown , jump backward . " Eurgh " just about sum up the Blast-Ended Skrewts in Harry 's opinion . they look like deformed , shell-less lobster , horribly pale and slimy-looking , with leg stick out in very odd place and no visible head . there be about a hundred of them in each crate , each about six inch long , crawl over one another , bump blindly into the side of the box . they be give off a very powerful smell of rot fish . every now and then , spark would fly out of the end of a skrewt , and with a small phut , it would be propel forward several inch . " On'y jus ' hatch , " say Hagrid proudly , " so Yeh will be able ter raise ' em yerselves ! think we will make a bit of a project of it ! " " and why would we want to raise them ? " say a cold voice . the Slytherins have arrive . the speaker be Draco Malfoy . Crabbe and Goyle be chuckle appreciatively at his word . Hagrid look stump at the question . " I mean , what do they do ? " ask Malfoy . " what be the point of them ? " Hagrid open his mouth , apparently think hard ; there be a few second ' pause , then he say roughly , " tha 's next lesson , Malfoy . Yer jus ' feedin ' ' em today . now , yeh will wan ' ter try ' em on a few diff'rent thing -- I have never have ' em before , not sure what they will go fer -- I get ant egg an ' frog liver an ' a bit o ' grass snake -- just try ' em out with a bit of each . " " first pus and now this , " mutter Seamus . nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have make Harry , Ron , and Hermione pick up squelchy handful of frog liver and lower them into the crate to tempt the Blast-Ended Skrewts . Harry could n't suppress the suspicion that the whole thing be entirely pointless , because the skrewts do n't seem to have mouth . " ouch ! " yell Dean Thomas after about ten minute . " it get me ! Hagrid hurry over to him , look anxious . " its end explode ! " say Dean angrily , show Hagrid a burn on his hand . " ah , yeah , that can happen when they blast off , " say Hagrid , nod . " Eurgh ! " say Lavender Brown again . " Eurgh , Hagrid , what be that pointy thing on it ? " " ah , some of ' em have get sting , " say Hagrid enthusiastically ( Lavender quickly withdraw her hand from the box ) . " I reckon they be the male ... the female have get sorta sucker thing on their belly ... I think they might be ter suck blood . " " well , I can certainly see why we be try to keep them alive , " say Malfoy sarcastically . " who would n't want pet that can burn , sting , and bite all at once ? " " just because they be not very pretty , it do n't mean they be not useful , " Hermione snap . " Dragon blood be amazingly magical , but you would n't want a dragon for a pet , would you ? " Harry and Ron grin at Hagrid , who give them a furtive smile from behind his bushy beard . Hagrid would have like nothing good than a pet dragon , as Harry , Ron , and Hermione know only too well -- he have own one for a brief period during their first year , a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of Norbert . Hagrid simply love monstrous creature , the more lethal , the well . " well , at least the skrewts be small , " say Ron as they make their way back up to the castle for lunch an hour later . " they be now , " say Hermione in an exasperate voice , " but once Hagrid 's find out what they eat , I expect they will be six foot long . " " well , that wo n't matter if they turn out to cure seasickness or something , will it ? " say Ron , grin slyly at her . " you know perfectly well I only say that to shut Malfoy up , " say Hermione . " as a matter of fact I think he be right . the good thing to do would be to stamp on the lot of them before they start attack us all . " they sit down at the Gryffindor table and help themselves to lamb chop and potato . Hermione begin to eat so fast that Harry and Ron stare at her . " er -- be this the new stand on elf right ? " say Ron . " you be go to make yourself puke instead ? " " no , " say Hermione , with as much dignity as she could muster with her mouth bulge with sprout . " I just want to get to the library . " " what ? " say Ron in disbelief . " Hermione -- it be the first day back ! we have n't even get homework yet ! " Hermione shrug and continue to shovel down her food as though she have not eat for day . then she leap to her foot , say , " see you at dinner ! " and depart at high speed . when the bell ring to signal the start of afternoon lesson , Harry and Ron set off for North Tower where , at the top of a tightly spiraling staircase , a silver stepladder lead to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling , and the room where Professor Trelawney live . the familiar sweet perfume spread from the fire meet their nostril as they emerge at the top of the stepladder . as ever , the curtain be all close ; the circular room be bath in a dim reddish light cast by the many lamp , which be all drape with scarves and shawl . Harry and Ron walk through the mass of occupied chintz chair and pouf that clutter the room , and sit down at the same small circular table . " good day , " say the misty voice of Professor Trelawney right behind Harry , make him jump . a very thin woman with enormous glass that make her eye appear far too large for her face , Professor Trelawney be peer down at Harry with the tragic expression she always wear whenever she see him . the usual large amount of bead , chain , and bangle glitter upon her person in the firelight . " you be preoccupy , my dear , " she say mournfully to Harry . " my inner eye see past your brave face to the troubled soul within . and I regret to say that your worry be not baseless . I see difficult time ahead for you , alas ... most difficult ... I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass ... and perhaps sooner than you think ... " her voice drop almost to a whisper . Ron roll his eye at Harry , who look stonily back . Professor Trelawney sweep past them and seat herself in a large wing armchair before the fire , face the class . Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil , who deeply admire Professor Trelawney , be sit on pouf very close to her . " my dear , it be time for us to consider the star , " she say . " the movement of the planet and the mysterious portent they reveal only to those who understand the step of the celestial dance . human destiny may be decipher by the planetary ray , which intermingle ... " but Harry 's thought have drift . the perfume fire always make him feel sleepy and dull-witted , and Professor Trelawney 's ramble talk on fortune-telling never hold him exactly spellbound -- though he could n't help think about what she have just say to him . " ' I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass ... ' " but Hermione be right , Harry think irritably , Professor Trelawney really be an old fraud . he be n't dread anything at the moment at all ... well , unless you count his fear that Sirius have be catch ... but what do Professor Trelawney know ? he have long since come to the conclusion that her brand of fortune-telling be really no more than lucky guesswork and a spooky manner . except , of course , for that time at the end of last term , when she have make the prediction about Voldemort rise again ... and Dumbledore himself have say that he think that trance have be genuine , when Harry have describe it to him ... " Harry ! " Ron mutter . " what ? " Harry look around ; the whole class be stare at him . he sit up straight ; he have be almost doze off , lose in the heat and his thought . " I be say , my dear , that you be clearly bear under the baleful influence of Saturn , " say Professor Trelawney , a faint note of resentment in her voice at the fact that he have obviously not be hang on her word . " bear under -- what , sorry ? " say Harry . " Saturn , dear , the planet Saturn ! " say Professor Trelawney , sound definitely irritated that he be n't rivet by this news . " I be say that Saturn be surely in a position of power in the heaven at the moment of your birth ... your dark hair ... your mean stature ... tragic loss so young in life ... I think I be right in say , my dear , that you be bear in midwinter ? " " no , " say Harry , " I be bear in July . " Ron hastily turn his laugh into a hacking cough . half an hour later , each of them have be give a complicated circular chart , and be attempt to fill in the position of the planet at their moment of birth . it be dull work , require much consultation of timetable and calculation of angle . " I have get two Neptune here , " say Harry after a while , frown down at his piece of parchment , " that ca n't be right , can it ? " " Aaaaah , " say Ron , imitate Professor Trelawney 's mystical whisper , " when two Neptune appear in the sky , it be a sure sign that a midget in glass be be bear , Harry ... " Seamus and Dean , who be work nearby , snigger loudly , though not loudly enough to mask the excited squeal from Lavender Brown -- " oh Professor , look ! I think I have get an unaspected planet ! Oooh , which one be that , Professor ? " " it be Uranus , my dear , " say Professor Trelawney , peer down at the chart . " can I have a look at Uranus too , Lavender ? " say Ron . most unfortunately , Professor Trelawney hear him , and it be this , perhaps , that make her give them so much homework at the end of the class . " a detailed analysis of the way the planetary movement in the come month will affect you , with reference to your personal chart , " she snap , sound much more like Professor McGonagall than her usual airy-fairy self . " I want it ready to hand in next Monday , and no excuse ! " " miserable old bat , " say Ron bitterly as they join the crowd descend the staircase back to the Great Hall and dinner . " that will take all weekend , that will ... " " Lots of homework ? " say Hermione brightly , catch up with them . " Professor Vector do n't give us any at all ! " " well , bully for Professor Vector , " say Ron moodily . they reach the entrance hall , which be pack with people queue for dinner . they have just join the end of the line , when a loud voice ring out behind them . " Weasley ! hey , Weasley ! " Harry , Ron , and Hermione turn . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be stand there , each look thoroughly pleased about something . " what ? " say Ron shortly . " your dad be in the paper , Weasley ! " say Malfoy , brandish a copy of the Daily Prophet and speak very loudly , so that everyone in the packed entrance hall could hear . " listen to this ! further MISTAKES AT THE Ministry of Magic it seem as though the Ministry of Magic 's trouble be not yet at an end , write Rita Skeeter , special Correspondent . recently under fire for its poor crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup , and still unable to account for the disappearance of one of its witch , the Ministry be plunge into fresh embarrassment yesterday by the antic of Arnold Weasley , of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office . " Malfoy look up . " imagine them not even get his name right , Weasley . it be almost as though he be a complete nonentity , be n't it ? " he crow . everyone in the entrance hall be listen now . Malfoy straighten the paper with a flourish and read on : Arnold Weasley , who be charge with possession of a fly car two year ago , be yesterday involve in a tussle with several Muggle law-keepers ( " policeman " ) over a number of highly aggressive dustbin . Mr. Weasley appear to have rush to the aid of " Mad-Eye " Moody , the age ex-Auror who retire from the Ministry when no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and attempted murder . unsurprisingly , Mr. Weasley find , upon arrival at Mr. Moody 's heavily guard house , that Mr. Moody have once again raise a false alarm . Mr. Weasley be force to modify several memory before he could escape from the policeman , but refuse to answer Daily Prophet question about why he have involve the Ministry in such an undignified and potentially embarrassing scene . " and there be a picture , Weasley ! " say Malfoy , flip the paper over and hold it up . " a picture of your parent outside their house -- if you can call it a house ! your mother could do with lose a bit of weight , could n't she ? " Ron be shake with fury . everyone be stare at him . " get stuff , Malfoy , " say Harry . " C'mon , Ron ... " " oh yeah , you be stay with them this summer , be n't you , Potter ? " sneer Malfoy . " so tell me , be his mother really that porky , or be it just the picture ? " " you know your mother , Malfoy ? " say Harry -- both he and Hermione have grab the back of Ron 's robe to stop him from launch himself at Malfoy -- " that expression she be get , like she have get dung under her nose ? have she always look like that , or be it just because you be with her ? " Malfoy 's pale face go slightly pink . " do n't you dare insult my mother , Potter . " " keep your fat mouth shut , then , " say Harry , turn away . bang ! several people scream -- Harry feel something white-hot graze the side of his face -- he plunge his hand into his robe for his wand , but before he have even touch it , he hear a second loud Bang , and a roar that echo through the entrance hall . " oh No you do N'T , LADDIE ! " Harry spin around . Professor Moody be limp down the marble staircase . his wand be out and it be point right at a pure white ferret , which be shiver on the stone-flagged floor , exactly where Malfoy have be stand . there be a terrify silence in the entrance hall . nobody but Moody be move a muscle . Moody turn to look at Harry -- at least , his normal eye be look at Harry ; the other one be point into the back of his head . " do he get you ? " Moody growl . his voice be low and gravelly . " no , " say Harry , " miss . " " leave it ! " Moody shout . " leave -- what ? " Harry say , bewilder . " not you -- him ! " Moody growl , jerk his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe , who have just freeze , about to pick up the white ferret . it seem that Moody 's rolling eye be magical and could see out of the back of his head . Moody start to limp toward Crabbe , Goyle , and the ferret , which give a terrify squeak and take off , streak toward the dungeon . " I do n't think so ! " roar Moody , point his wand at the ferret again -- it fly ten foot into the air , fall with a smack to the floor , and then bounce upward once more . " I do n't like people who attack when their opponent 's back be turn , " growl Moody as the ferret bounce high and high , squeal in pain . " stinking , cowardly , scummy thing to do ... " the ferret fly through the air , its leg and tail flail helplessly . " never -- do -- that -- again -- " say Moody , speak each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and bounce upward again . " Professor Moody ! " say a shocked voice . Professor McGonagall be come down the marble staircase with her arm full of book . " hello , Professor McGonagall , " say Moody calmly , bounce the ferret still high . " what -- what be you do ? " say Professor McGonagall , her eye follow the bounce ferret 's progress through the air . " teaching , " say Moody . " teach -- Moody , be that a student ? " shriek Professor McGonagall , the book spill out of her arm . " Yep , " say Moody . " no ! " cry Professor McGonagall , run down the stair and pull out her wand ; a moment later , with a loud snap noise , Draco Malfoy have reappear , lie in a heap on the floor with his sleek blond hair all over his now brilliantly pink face . he get to his foot , wince . " moody , we never use transfiguration as a punishment ! " say Professor McGonagall weakly . " surely Professor Dumbledore tell you that ? " " he might have mention it , yeah , " say Moody , scratch his chin unconcernedly , " but I think a good sharp shock -- " " we give detention , Moody ! or speak to the offender 's Head of House ! " " I will do that , then , " say Moody , stare at Malfoy with great dislike . Malfoy , whose pale eye be still water with pain and humiliation , look malevolently up at moody and mutter something in which the word " my father " be distinguishable . " oh yeah ? " say Moody quietly , limp forward a few step , the dull clunk of his wooden leg echo around the hall . " well , I know your father of old , boy ... you tell him Moody be keep a close eye on his son ... you tell him that from me ... now , your Head of House will be Snape , will it ? " " yes , " say Malfoy resentfully . " another old friend , " growl Moody . " I have be look forward to a chat with old Snape ... come on , you ... " and he seize Malfoy 's upper arm and march him off toward the dungeon . Professor McGonagall stare anxiously after them for a few moment , then wave her wand at her fallen book , cause them to soar up into the air and back into her arm . " do n't talk to me , " Ron say quietly to Harry and Hermione as they sit down at the Gryffindor table a few minute later , surround by excited talk on all side about what have just happen . " why not ? " say Hermione in surprise . " because I want to fix that in my memory forever , " say Ron , his eye close and an uplift expression on his face . " Draco Malfoy , the amazing bounce ferret ... " Harry and Hermione both laugh , and Hermione begin dole beef casserole onto each of their plate . " he could have really hurt Malfoy , though , " she say . " it be good , really , that Professor McGonagall stop it -- " " Hermione ! " say Ron furiously , his eye snap open again , " you be ruin the good moment of my life ! " Hermione make an impatient noise and begin to eat at top speed again . " do n't tell me you be go back to the library this evening ? " say Harry , watch her . " get to , " say Hermione thickly . " load to do . " " but you tell us Professor Vector -- " " it be not schoolwork , " she say . within five minute , she have clear her plate and depart . no sooner have she go than her seat be take by Fred Weasley . " moody ! " he say . " how cool be he ? " " beyond cool , " say George , sit down opposite Fred . " supercool , " say the twin ' good friend , Lee Jordan , slide into the seat beside George . " we have him this afternoon , " he tell Harry and Ron . " what be it like ? " say Harry eagerly . Fred , George , and Lee exchange look full of meaning . " never have a lesson like it , " say Fred . " he know , man , " say Lee . " know what ? " say Ron , lean forward . " know what it be like to be out there do it , " say George impressively . " do what ? " say Harry . " fight the dark art , " say Fred . " he have see it all , " say George . " ' Mazing , " say Lee . Ron dive into his bag for his schedule . " we have n't get him till Thursday ! " he say in a disappointed voice . Chapter @card@ the unforgivable curse the next two day pass without great incident , unless you count Neville melt his sixth cauldron in potion . Professor Snape , who seem to have attain new level of vindictiveness over the summer , give Neville detention , and Neville return from it in a state of nervous collapse , have be make to disembowel a barrel full of horned toad . " you know why Snape be in such a foul mood , do n't you ? " say Ron to Harry as they watch Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog gut from under his fingernail . " yeah , " say Harry . " moody . " it be common knowledge that Snape really want the dark Arts job , and he have now fail to get it for the fourth year running . Snape have dislike all of their previous dark art teacher , and show it -- but he seem strangely wary of display overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody . indeed , whenever Harry see the two of them together -- at mealtime , or when they pass in the corridor -- he have the distinct impression that Snape be avoid Moody 's eye , whether magical or normal . " I reckon Snape be a bit scare of him , you know , " Harry say thoughtfully . " imagine if Moody turn Snape into a horned toad , " say Ron , his eye mist over , " and bounce him all around his dungeon ... " the Gryffindor fourth year be look forward to Moody 's first lesson so much that they arrive early on Thursday lunchtime and queue up outside his classroom before the bell have even ring . the only person miss be Hermione , who turn up just in time for the lesson . " be in the -- " " Library . " Harry finish her sentence for her . " C'mon , quick , or we wo n't get decent seat . " they hurry into three chair right in front of the teacher 's desk , take out their copy of the Dark Forces : a Guide to Self-Protection , and wait , unusually quiet . soon they hear Moody 's distinctive clunk footstep come down the corridor , and he enter the room , look as strange and frightening as ever . they could just see his claw , wooden foot protrude from underneath his robe . " you can put those away , " he growl , stump over to his desk and sit down , " those book . you wo n't need them . " they return the book to their bag , Ron look excited . Moody take out a register , shake his long mane of grizzled gray hair out of his twisted and scar face , and begin to call out name , his normal eye move steadily down the list while his magical eye swivel around , fix upon each student as he or she answer . " right then , " he say , when the last person have declare themselves present , " I have have a letter from Professor Lupin about this class . seem you have have a pretty thorough grounding in tackle dark creature -- you have cover boggart , Red Caps , hinkypunks , grindylows , Kappas , and werewolf , be that right ? " there be a general murmur of assent . " but you be behind -- very behind -- on deal with curse , " say Moody . " so I be here to bring you up to scratch on what wizard can do to each other . I have get one year to teach you how to deal with Dark -- " " what , be n't you stay ? " Ron blurt out . Moody 's magical eye spin around to stare at Ron ; Ron look extremely apprehensive , but after a moment Moody smile -- the first time Harry have see him do so . the effect be to make his heavily scar face look more twist and contort than ever , but it be nevertheless good to know that he ever do anything as friendly as smile . Ron look deeply relieve . " you will be Arthur Weasley 's son , eh ? " Moody say . " your father get me out of a very tight corner a few day ago ... Yeah , I be stay just the one year . special favor to Dumbledore ... one year , and then back to my quiet retirement . " he give a harsh laugh , and then clap his gnarled hand together . " so -- straight into it . curse . they come in many strength and form . now , accord to the Ministry of Magic , I be suppose to teach you countercurses and leave it at that . I be not suppose to show you what illegal dark curse look like until you be in the sixth year . you be not suppose to be old enough to deal with it till then . but Professor Dumbledore 's get a high opinion of your nerve , he reckon you can cope , and I say , the sooner you know what you be up against , the well . how be you suppose to defend yourself against something you have never see ? a wizard who be about to put an illegal curse on you be n't go to tell you what he be about to do . he be not go to do it nice and polite to your face . you need to be prepare . you need to be alert and watchful . you need to put that away , Miss Brown , when I be talk . " Lavender jump and blush . she have be show Parvati her complete horoscope under the desk . apparently Moody 's magical eye could see through solid wood , as well as out of the back of his head . " so ... do any of you know which curse be most heavily punish by wizarding law ? " several hand rise tentatively into the air , include Ron 's and Hermione 's . Moody point at Ron , though his magical eye be still fix on Lavender . " er , " say Ron tentatively , " my dad tell me about one ... be it call the Imperius Curse , or something ? " " ah , yes , " say Moody appreciatively . " your father would know that one . give the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time , the Imperius Curse . " Moody get heavily to his mismatch foot , open his desk drawer , and take out a glass jar . three large black spider be scuttle around inside it . Harry feel Ron recoil slightly next to him -- Ron hate spider . Moody reach into the jar , catch one of the spider , and hold it in the palm of his hand so that they could all see it . he then point his wand at it and mutter , " Imperio ! " the spider leap from Moody 's hand on a fine thread of silk and begin to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze . it stretch out its leg rigidly , then do a back flip , break the thread and landing on the desk , where it begin to cartwheel in circle . Moody jerk his wand , and the spider rise onto two of its hind leg and go into what be unmistakably a tap dance . everyone be laughing -- everyone except Moody . " think it be funny , do you ? " he growl . " you will like it , would you , if I do it to you ? " the laughter die away almost instantly . " total control , " say Moody quietly as the spider ball itself up and begin to roll over and over . " I could make it jump out of the window , drown itself , throw itself down one of your throat ... " Ron give an involuntary shudder . " year back , there be a lot of witch and wizard be control by the Imperius Curse , " say Moody , and Harry know he be talk about the day in which Voldemort have be all-powerful . " some job for the Ministry , try to sort out who be be force to act , and who be act of their own free will . " the Imperius Curse can be fight , and I will be teach you how , but it take real strength of character , and not everyone have get it . well avoid be hit with it if you can . constant vigilance ! " he bark , and everyone jump . Moody pick up the somersault spider and throw it back into the jar . " anyone else know one ? another illegal curse ? " Hermione 's hand fly into the air again and so , to Harry 's slight surprise , do Neville 's . the only class in which Neville usually volunteer information be Herbology , which be easily his good subject . Neville look surprised at his own daring . " yes ? " say Moody , his magical eye roll right over to fix on Neville . " there be one -- the Cruciatus Curse , " say Neville in a small but distinct voice . Moody be look very intently at Neville , this time with both eye . " your name 's Longbottom ? " he say , his magical eye swoop down to check the register again . Neville nod nervously , but Moody make no further inquiry . turn back to the class at large , he reach into the jar for the next spider and place it upon the desktop , where it remain motionless , apparently too scare to move . " the Cruciatus Curse , " say Moody . " need to be a bit big for you to get the idea , " he say , point his wand at the spider . " Engorgio ! " the spider swell . it be now large than a tarantula . abandon all pretense , Ron push his chair backward , as far away from Moody 's desk as possible . Moody raise his wand again , point it at the spider , and mutter , " Crucio ! " at once , the spider 's leg bend in upon its body ; it roll over and begin to twitch horribly , rock from side to side . no sound come from it , but Harry be sure that if it could have give voice , it would have be scream . Moody do not remove his wand , and the spider start to shudder and jerk more violently - " stop it ! " Hermione say shrilly . Harry look around at her . she be look , not at the spider , but at Neville , and Harry , follow her gaze , see that Neville 's hand be clench upon the desk in front of him , his knuckle white , his eye wide and horrify . Moody raise his wand . the spider 's leg relax , but it continue to twitch . " Reducio , " Moody mutter , and the spider shrink back to its proper size . he put it back into the jar . " pain , " say Moody softly . " you do n't need thumbscrew or knife to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse ... that one be very popular once too . " right ... anyone know any other ? " Harry look around . from the look on everyone 's face , he guess they be all wonder what be go to happen to the last spider . Hermione 's hand shake slightly as , for the third time , she raise it into the air . " yes ? " say Moody , look at her . " Avada Kedavra , " Hermione whisper . several people look uneasily around at her , include Ron . " ah , " say Moody , another slight smile twist his lopsided mouth . " yes , the last and bad . Avada Kedavra ... the Killing Curse . " he put his hand into the glass jar , and almost as though it know what be come , the third spider scuttle frantically around the bottom of the jar , try to evade Moody 's finger , but he trap it , and place it upon the desktop . it start to scuttle frantically across the wooden surface . Moody raise his wand , and Harry feel a sudden thrill of foreboding . " Avada Kedavra ! " Moody roar . there be a flash of blind green light and a rush sound , as though a vast , invisible something be soar through the air -- instantaneously the spider roll over onto its back , unmarked , but unmistakably dead . several of the student stifle cry ; Ron have throw himself backward and almost topple off his seat as the spider skid toward him . Moody sweep the dead spider off the desk onto the floor . " not nice , " he say calmly . " not pleasant . and there be no countercurse . there be no block it . only one known person have ever survive it , and he be sit right in front of me . " Harry feel his face redden as Moody 's eye ( both of them ) look into his own . he could feel everyone else look around at him too . Harry stare at the blank blackboard as though fascinate by it , but not really see it at all ... so that be how his parent have die ... exactly like that spider . have they be unblemished and unmarked too ? have they simply see the flash of green light and hear the rush of speed death , before life be wipe from their body ? Harry have be picture his parent ' death over and over again for three year now , ever since he have find out they have be murder , ever since he have find out what have happen that night : Wormtail have betray his parent ' whereabouts to Voldemort , who have come to find them at their cottage . how Voldemort have kill Harry 's father first . how James Potter have try to hold him off , while he shout at his wife to take Harry and run ... Voldemort have advance on Lily Potter , tell her to move aside so that he could kill Harry ... how she have beg him to kill her instead , refuse to stop shield her son ... and so Voldemort have murder her too , before turn his wand on Harry ... Harry know these detail because he have hear his parent ' voice when he have fight the dementors last year -- for that be the terrible power of the dementors : to force their victim to relive the bad memory of their life , and drown , powerless , in their own despair ... Moody be speak again , from a great distance , it seem to Harry . with a massive effort , he pull himself back to the present and listen to what Moody be say . " Avada Kedavra be a curse that need a powerful bit of magic behind it -- you could all get your wand out now and point them at me and say the word , and I doubt I will get so much as a nosebleed . but that do n't matter . I be not here to teach you how to do it . " now , if there be no countercurse , why be I show you ? because you have get to know . you have get to appreciate what the bad be . you do n't want to find yourself in a situation where you be face it . constant vigilance ! " he roar , and the whole class jump again . " now ... those three curse -- Avada Kedavra , Imperius , and Cruciatus -- be know as the unforgivable curse . the use of any one of them on a fellow human being be enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban . that be what you be up against . that be what I have get to teach you to fight . you need prepare . you need arming . but most of all , you need to practice constant , never-ceasing vigilance . get out your quill ... copy this down ... " they spend the rest of the lesson take note on each of the unforgivable curse . no one speak until the bell ring -- but when Moody have dismiss them and they have leave the classroom , a torrent of talk burst forth . most people be discuss the curse in awe voice -- " do you see it twitch ? " " - and when he kill it -- just like that ! " they be talk about the lesson , Harry think , as though it have be some sort of spectacular show , but he have n't find it very entertaining -- and nor , it seem , have Hermione . " hurry up , " she say tensely to Harry and Ron . " not the ruddy library again ? " say Ron . " no , " say Hermione curtly , point up a side passage . " Neville . " Neville be stand alone , halfway up the passage , stare at the stone wall opposite him with the same horrify , wide-eyed look he have wear when Moody have demonstrate the Cruciatus Curse . " Neville ? " Hermione say gently . Neville look around . " oh hello , " he say , his voice much high than usual . " interesting lesson , be n't it ? I wonder what be for dinner , I be -- I be starve , be n't you ? " " Neville , be you all right ? " say Hermione . " oh yes , I be fine , " Neville gabble in the same unnaturally high voice . " very interesting dinner -- I mean lesson -- what be for eat ? " Ron give Harry a startle look . " Neville , what -- ? " but an odd clunk noise sound behind them , and they turn to see Professor Moody limp toward them . all four of them fall silent , watch him apprehensively , but when he speak , it be in a much low and gentle growl than they have yet hear . " it be all right , sonny , " he say to Neville . " why do n't you come up to my office ? come on ... we can have a cup of tea ... " Neville look even more frightened at the prospect of tea with Moody . he neither move nor speak . Moody turn his magical eye upon Harry . " you all right , be you , Potter ? " " yes , " say Harry , almost defiantly . Moody 's blue eye quiver slightly in its socket as it survey Harry . then he say , " you have get to know . it seem harsh , maybe , but you have get to know . no point pretend ... well ... come on , Longbottom , I have get some book that might interest you . " Neville look pleadingly at Harry , Ron , and Hermione , but they do n't say anything , so Neville have no choice but to allow himself to be steer away , one of Moody 's gnarled hand on his shoulder . " what be that about ? " say Ron , watch Neville and Moody turn the corner . " I do n't know , " say Hermione , look pensive . " some lesson , though , eh ? " say Ron to Harry as they set off for the Great Hall . " Fred and George be right , be n't they ? he really know his stuff , Moody , do n't he ? when he do Avada Kedavra , the way that spider just die , just snuff it right -- " but Ron fall suddenly silent at the look on Harry 's face and do n't speak again until they reach the Great Hall , when he say he suppose they have well make a start on Professor Trelawney 's prediction tonight , since they would take hour . Hermione do not join in with Harry and Ron 's conversation during dinner , but eat furiously fast , and then leave for the library again . Harry and Ron walk back to Gryffindor Tower , and Harry , who have be think of nothing else all through dinner , now raise the subject of the unforgivable curse himself . " would n't moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Ministry if they know we have see the curse ? " Harry ask as they approach the Fat Lady . " yeah , probably , " say Ron . " but Dumbledore 's always do thing his way , have n't he , and Moody have be get in trouble for year , I reckon . attack first and ask question later -- look at his dustbin . balderdash . " the Fat Lady swing forward to reveal the entrance hole , and they climb into the Gryffindor common room , which be crowd and noisy . " shall we get our divination stuff , then ? " say Harry . " I s'pose , " Ron groan . they go up to the dormitory to fetch their book and chart , to find Neville there alone , sit on his bed , reading . he look a good deal calm than at the end of Moody 's lesson , though still not entirely normal . his eye be rather red . " you all right , Neville ? " Harry ask him . " oh yes , " say Neville , " I be fine , thanks . just read this book Professor Moody lend me ... " he hold up the book : magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean . " apparently , Professor Sprout tell Professor Moody I be really good at Herbology , " Neville say . there be a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry have rarely hear there before . " he think I will like this . " telling Neville what Professor Sprout have say , Harry think , have be a very tactful way of cheer Neville up , for Neville very rarely hear that he be good at anything . it be the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have do . Harry and Ron take their copy of Unfogging the future back down to the common room , find a table , and set to work on their prediction for the come month . an hour later , they have make very little progress , though their table be litter with bit of parchment bearing sum and symbol , and Harry 's brain be as fog as though it have be fill with the fume from Professor Trelawney 's fire . " I have n't get a clue what this lot be suppose to mean , " he say , stare down at a long list of calculation . " you know , " say Ron , whose hair be on end because of all the time he have run his finger through it in frustration , " I think it be back to the old divination standby . " " what -- make it up ? " " yeah , " say Ron , sweep the jumble of scrawl note off the table , dip his pen into some ink , and start to write . " Next Monday , " he say as he scribble , " I be likely to develop a cough , owe to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter . " he look up at Harry . " you know her -- just put in load of misery , she will lap it up . " " right , " say Harry , crumple up his first attempt and lob it over the head of a group of chatter first year into the fire . " okay ... on Monday , I will be in danger of -- er -- burn . " " yeah , you will be , " say Ron darkly , " we be see the skrewts again on Monday . okay , Tuesday , I will ... erm ... " " Lose a treasure possession , " say Harry , who be flick through Unfogging the future for idea . " good one , " say Ron , copy it down . " because of ... erm ... Mercury . why do n't you get stab in the back by someone you think be a friend ? " " yeah ... cool ... " say Harry , scribble it down , " because ... Venus be in the twelfth house . " " and on Wednesday , I think I will come off bad in a fight . " " aaah , I be go to have a fight . okay , I will lose a bet . " " yeah , you will be bet I will win my fight ... " they continue to make up prediction ( which grow steadily more tragic ) for another hour , while the common room around them slowly empty as people go up to bed . Crookshanks wander over to them , leap lightly into an empty chair , and stare inscrutably at Harry , rather as Hermione might look if she know they be n't do their homework properly . stare around the room , try to think of a kind of misfortune he have n't yet use , Harry see Fred and George sit together against the opposite wall , head together , quill out , pore over a single piece of parchment . it be most unusual to see Fred and George hide away in a corner and work silently ; they usually like to be in the thick of thing and the noisy center of attention . there be something secretive about the way they be work on the piece of parchment , and Harry be remind of how they have sit together write something back at the Burrow . he have think then that it be another order form for Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes , but it do n't look like that this time ; if it have be , they would surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke . he wonder whether it have anything to do with enter the Triwizard Tournament . as Harry watch , George shake his head at Fred , scratch out something with his quill , and say , in a very quiet voice that nevertheless carry across the almost desert room , " no -- that sound like we be accuse him . get to be careful ... " then George look over and see Harry watch him . Harry grin and quickly return to his prediction -- he do n't want George to think he be eavesdrop . shortly after that , the twin roll up their parchment , say good night , and go off to bed . Fred and George have be go ten minute or so when the portrait hole open and Hermione climb into the common room carry a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose content rattle as she walk in the other . Crookshanks arch his back , purr . " hello , " she say , " I have just finish ! " " so have I ! " say Ron triumphantly , throw down his quill . Hermione sit down , lay the thing she be carry in an empty armchair , and pull Ron 's prediction toward her . " not go to have a very good month , be you ? " she say sardonically as Crookshanks curl up in her lap . " ah well , at least I be forewarn , " Ron yawn . " you seem to be drown twice , " say Hermione . " oh be I ? " say Ron , peer down at his prediction . " I will well change one of them to get trampled by a rampage hippogriff . " " do n't you think it be a bit obvious you have make these up ? " say Hermione . " how dare you ! " say Ron , in mock outrage . " we have be work like house-elves here ! " Hermione raise her eyebrow . " it be just an expression , " say Ron hastily . Harry lay down his quill too , have just finish predict his own death by decapitation . " what be in the box ? " he ask , point at it . " funny you should ask , " say Hermione , with a nasty look at Ron . she take off the lid and show them the content . inside be about fifty badge , all of different color , but all bear the same letter : S.P.E.W. " ' Spew ' ? " say Harry , pick up a badge and look at it . " what be this about ? " " not spew , " say Hermione impatiently . " it be S-P-E-W . stand for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare . " " never hear of it , " say Ron . " well , of course you have n't , " say Hermione briskly , " I have only just start it . " " yeah ? " say Ron in mild surprise . " how many member have you get ? " " well -- if you two join -- three , " say Hermione . " and you think we want to walk around wear badge say ' spew , ' do you ? " say Ron . " S-P-E-W ! " say Hermione hotly . " I be go to put stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in their Legal Status -- but it would n't fit . so that be the head of our manifesto . " she brandish the sheaf of parchment at them . " I have be research it thoroughly in the library . Elf enslavement go back century . I ca n't believe no one have do anything about it before now . " " Hermione -- open your ear , " say Ron loudly . " they . like . it . they like be enslave ! " " our short-term aim , " say Hermione , speak even more loudly than Ron , and act as though she have n't hear a word , " be to secure house-elves fair wage and work condition . our long-term aim include change the law about non-wand use , and try to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures , because they be shockingly underrepresent . " " and how do we do all this ? " Harry ask . " we start by recruit member , " say Hermione happily . " I think two Sickles to join -- that buy a badge -- and the proceed can fund our leaflet campaign . you be treasurer , Ron -- I have get you a collect tin upstairs -- and Harry , you be secretary , so you might want to write down everything I be say now , as a record of our first meeting . " there be a pause in which Hermione beam at the pair of them , and Harry sit , tear between exasperation at Hermione and amusement at the look on Ron 's face . the silence be break , not by Ron , who in any case look as though he be temporarily dumbstruck , but by a soft tap , tap on the window . Harry look across the now empty common room and saw , illuminate by the moonlight , a snowy owl perch on the windowsill . " Hedwig ! " he shout , and he launch himself out of his chair and across the room to pull open the window . Hedwig fly inside , soar across the room , and land on the table on top of Harry 's prediction . " about time ! " say Harry , hurry after her . " she be get an answer ! " say Ron excitedly , point at the grubby piece of parchment tie to Hedwig 's leg . Harry hastily untie it and sit down to read , whereupon Hedwig flutter onto his knee , hoot softly . " what do it say ? " Hermione ask breathlessly . the letter be very short , and look as though it have be scrawl in a great hurry . Harry read it aloud : Harry - I be fly north immediately . this news about your scar be the late in a series of strange rumor that have reach me here . if it hurt again , go straight to Dumbledore -- they be say he 's get Mad-Eye out of retirement , which mean he be read the sign , even if no one else be . I will be in touch soon . my good to Ron and Hermione . keep your eye open , Harry . Sirius Harry look up at Ron and Hermione , who stare back at him . " he be fly north ? " Hermione whisper . " he be come back ? " " Dumbledore 's read what sign ? " say Ron , look perplex . " Harry -- what be up ? " for Harry have just hit himself in the forehead with his fist , jolt Hedwig out of his lap . " I should n't have tell him ! " Harry say furiously . " what be you on about ? " say Ron in surprise . " it have make him think he be get to come back ! " say Harry , now slam his fist on the table so that Hedwig land on the back of Ron 's chair , hoot indignantly . " come back , because he think I be in trouble ! and there be nothing wrong with me ! and I have n't get anything for you , " Harry snap at Hedwig , who be click her beak expectantly , " you will have to go up to the Owlery if you want food . " Hedwig give him an extremely offend look and take off for the open window , cuff him around the head with her outstretch wing as she go . " Harry , " Hermione begin , in a pacify sort of voice . " I be go to bed , " say Harry shortly . " see you in the morning . " upstairs in the dormitory he pull on his pajamas and get into his four-poster , but he do n't feel remotely tired . if Sirius come back and get catch , it would be his , Harry 's , fault . why have n't he keep his mouth shut ? a few second ' pain and he have have to blab ... if he have just have the sense to keep it to himself ... he hear Ron come up into the dormitory a short while later , but do not speak to him . for a long time , Harry lie stare up at the dark canopy of his bed . the dormitory be completely silent , and , have he be less preoccupy , Harry would have realize that the absence of Neville 's usual snore mean that he be not the only one lie awake . Chapter @card@ Beauxbatons and Durmstrang Early next morning , Harry wake with a plan fully form in his mind , as though his sleeping brain have be work on it all night . he get up , dress in the pale dawn light , leave the dormitory without wake Ron , and go back down to the desert common room . here he take a piece of parchment from the table upon which his divination homework still lie and write the follow letter : Dear Sirius , I reckon I just imagine my scar hurt , I be half asleep when I write to you last time . there be no point come back , everything 's fine here . do n't worry about me , my head feel completely normal . Harry he then climb out of the portrait hole , up through the silent castle ( hold up only briefly by Peeves , who try to overturn a large vase on him halfway along the fourth-floor corridor ) , finally arrive at the Owlery , which be situate at the top of West Tower . the Owlery be a circular stone room , rather cold and drafty , because none of the window have glass in them . the floor be entirely cover in straw , owl droppings , and the regurgitate skeleton of mouse and vole . hundred upon hundred of owl of every breed imaginable be nestle here on perch that rise right up to the top of the tower , nearly all of them asleep , though here and there a round amber eye glare at Harry . he spot Hedwig nestle between a barn owl and a tawny , and hurry over to her , slide a little on the dropping-strewn floor . it take him a while to persuade her to wake up and then to look at him , as she keep shuffle around on her perch , show him her tail . she be evidently still furious about his lack of gratitude the previous night . in the end , it be Harry suggest she might be too tired , and that perhaps he would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon , that make her stick out her leg and allow him to tie the letter to it . " just find him , all right ? " Harry say , stroke her back as he carry her on his arm to one of the hole in the wall . " before the dementors do . " she nip his finger , perhaps rather hard than she would ordinarily have do , but hoot softly in a reassuring sort of way all the same . then she spread her wing and take off into the sunrise . Harry watch her fly out of sight with the familiar feeling of unease back in his stomach . he have be so sure that Sirius 's reply would alleviate his worry rather than increase them . " that be a lie , Harry , " say Hermione sharply over breakfast , when he tell her and Ron what he have do . " you do n't imagine your scar hurt and you know it . " " so what ? " say Harry . " he be not go back to Azkaban because of me . " " drop it , " say Ron sharply to Hermione as she open her mouth to argue some more , and for once , Hermione heed him , and fall silent . Harry do his well not to worry about Sirius over the next couple of week . true , he could not stop himself from look anxiously around every morning when the post owl arrive , nor , late at night before he go to sleep , prevent himself from see horrible vision of Sirius , corner by dementors down some dark London street , but betweentimes he try to keep his mind off his godfather . he wish he still have Quidditch to distract him ; nothing work so well on a troubled mind as a good , hard training session . on the other hand , their lesson be become more difficult and demand than ever before , particularly Moody 's defense against the Dark Arts . to their surprise , Professor Moody have announce that he would be put the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn , to demonstrate its power and to see whether they could resist its effect . " but -- but you say it be illegal , Professor , " say Hermione uncertainly as Moody clear away the desk with a sweep of his wand , leave a large clear space in the middle of the room . " you say -- to use it against another human be -- " " Dumbledore want you teach what it feel like , " say Moody , his magical eye swivel onto Hermione and fix her with an eerie , unblinking stare . " if you will rather learn the hard way -- when someone be put it on you so they can control you completely -- fine by me . you be excuse . off you go . " he point one gnarled finger toward the door . Hermione go very pink and mutter something about not mean that she want to leave . Harry and Ron grin at each other . they know Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an important lesson . Moody begin to beckon student forward in turn and put the Imperius Curse upon them . Harry watch as , one by one , his classmate do the most extraordinary thing under its influence . Dean Thomas hop three time around the room , sing the national anthem . Lavender Brown imitate a squirrel . Neville perform a series of quite astonishing gymnastics he would certainly not have be capable of in his normal state . not one of them seem to be able to fight off the curse , and each of them recover only when Moody have remove it . " Potter , " Moody growl , " you next . " Harry move forward into the middle of the classroom , into the space that Moody have clear of desk . Moody raise his wand , point it at Harry , and say , " Imperio ! " it be the most wonderful feeling . Harry feel a floating sensation as every thought and worry in his head be wipe gently away , leave nothing but a vague , untraceable happiness . he stand there feel immensely relax , only dimly aware of everyone watch him . and then he hear Mad-Eye Moody 's voice , echo in some distant chamber of his empty brain : jump onto the desk ... jump onto the desk ... Harry bend his knee obediently , prepare to spring . jump onto the desk ... why , though ? another voice have awake in the back of his brain . stupid thing to do , really , say the voice . jump onto the desk ... no , I do n't think I will , thanks , say the other voice , a little more firmly ... no , I do n't really want to ... Jump ! now ! the next thing Harry feel be considerable pain . he have both jump and try to prevent himself from jump -- the result be that he have smash headlong into the desk , knock it over , and , by the feeling in his leg , fracture both his kneecap . " now , that be more like it ! " growl Moody 's voice , and suddenly , Harry feel the empty , echo feeling in his head disappear . he remember exactly what be happen , and the pain in his knee seem to double . " look at that , you lot ... Potter fight ! he fight it , and he damn near beat it ! we will try that again , Potter , and the rest of you , pay attention -- watch his eye , that be where you see it -- very good , Potter , very good indeed ! they will have trouble control you ! " " the way he talk , " Harry mutter as he hobble out of the defense against the Dark Art class an hour later ( Moody have insist on put Harry through his pace four time in a row , until Harry could throw off the curse entirely ) , " you will think we be all go to be attack any second . " " yeah , I know , " say Ron , who be skip on every alternate step . he have have much more difficulty with the curse than Harry , though Moody assure him the effect would wear off by lunch-time . " talk about paranoid ... " Ron glance nervously over his shoulder to check that Moody be definitely out of earshot and go on . " no wonder they be glad to get shot of him at the Ministry . do you hear him tell Seamus what he do to that witch who shout ' Boo ' behind him on April Fools ' day ? and when be we suppose to read up on resist the Imperius Curse with everything else we have get to do ? " all the fourth year have notice a definite increase in the amount of work they be require to do this term . Professor McGonagall explain why , when the class give a particularly loud groan at the amount of transfiguration homework she have assign . " you be now enter a most important phase of your magical education ! " she tell them , her eye glint dangerously behind her square spectacle . " your Ordinary Wizarding Levels be draw closer -- " " we do n't take O.W.L.s till fifth year ! " say Dean Thomas indignantly . " maybe not , Thomas , but believe me , you need all the preparation you can get ! Miss Granger remain the only person in this class who have manage to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion . I might remind you that your pincushion , Thomas , still curl up in fright if anyone approach it with a pin ! " Hermione , who have turn rather pink again , seem to be try not to look too pleased with herself . Harry and Ron be deeply amuse when Professor Trelawney tell them that they have receive top mark for their homework in their next divination class . she read out large portion of their prediction , commend them for their unflinching acceptance of the horror in store for them -- but they be less amuse when she ask them to do the same thing for the month after next ; both of them be run out of idea for catastrophe . meanwhile Professor Binns , the ghost who teach history of Magic , have them write weekly essay on the goblin rebellion of the eighteenth century . Professor Snape be force them to research antidote . they take this one seriously , as he have hint that he might be poison one of them before Christmas to see if their antidote work . Professor Flitwick have ask them to read three extra book in preparation for their lesson on Summoning Charms . even Hagrid be add to their workload . the Blast-Ended Skrewts be grow at a remarkable pace give that nobody have yet discover what they eat . Hagrid be delight , and as part of their " project , " suggest that they come down to his hut on alternate evening to observe the skrewts and make note on their extraordinary behavior . " I will not , " say Draco Malfoy flatly when Hagrid have propose this with the air of Father Christmas pull an extra-large toy out of his sack . " I see enough of these foul thing during lesson , thanks . " Hagrid 's smile fade off his face . " Yeh will do Wha ' yer tell , " he growl , " or I will be takin ' a leaf outta Professor Moody 's book ... I hear yeh make a good ferret , Malfoy . " the Gryffindors roar with laughter . Malfoy flush with anger , but apparently the memory of Moody 's punishment be still sufficiently painful to stop him from retort . Harry , Ron , and Hermione return to the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirit ; see Hagrid put down Malfoy be particularly satisfying , especially because Malfoy have do his very well to get Hagrid sack the previous year . when they arrive in the entrance hall , they find themselves unable to proceed owe to the large crowd of student congregate there , all milling around a large sign that have be erect at the foot of the marble staircase . Ron , the tall of the three , stand on tiptoe to see over the head in front of them and read the sign aloud to the other two : TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT the delegation from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arrive at @card@ o'clock on Friday the 30th of October . lesson will end half an hour early - " Brilliant ! " say Harry . " it be potion last thing on Friday ! Snape wo n't have time to poison us all ! " student will return their bag and book to their dormitory and assemble in front of the castle to greet our guest before the Welcoming Feast . " only a week away ! " say Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff , emerge from the crowd , his eye gleam . " I wonder if Cedric know ? think I will go and tell him ... " " Cedric ? " say Ron blankly as Ernie hurry off . " Diggory , " say Harry . " he must be enter the tournament . " " that idiot , Hogwarts champion ? " say Ron as they push their way through the chatter crowd toward the staircase . " he be not an idiot . you just do n't like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch , " say Hermione . " I have hear he be a really good student -- and he be a prefect . " she speak as though this settle the matter . " you only like him because he be handsome , " say Ron scathingly . " excuse me , I do n't like people just because they be handsome ! " say Hermione indignantly . Ron give a loud false cough , which sound oddly like " Lockhart ! " the appearance of the sign in the entrance hall have a marked effect upon the inhabitant of the castle . during the follow week , there seem to be only one topic of conversation , no matter where Harry go : the Triwizard Tournament . rumor be fly from student to student like highly contagious germ : who be go to try for Hogwarts champion , what the tournament would involve , how the student from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differ from themselves . Harry notice too that the castle seem to be undergo an extra-thorough cleaning . several grimy portrait have be scrub , much to the displeasure of their subject , who sit huddle in their frame mutter darkly and wince as they feel their raw pink face . the suit of armor be suddenly gleam and move without squeak , and Argus Filch , the caretaker , be behave so ferociously to any student who forget to wipe their shoe that he terrify a pair of first-year girl into hysteric . other member of the staff seem oddly tense too . " Longbottom , kindly do not reveal that you ca n't even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang ! " Professor McGonagall bark at the end of one particularly difficult lesson , during which Neville have accidentally transplant his own ear onto a cactus . when they go down to breakfast on the morning of the thirtieth of October , they find that the Great Hall have be decorate overnight . enormous silk banner hang from the wall , each of them represent a Hogwarts House : red with a gold lion for Gryffindor , blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw , yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff , and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin . behind the teacher ' table , the large banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arm : lion , eagle , badger , and snake unite around a large letter H. Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit down beside Fred and George at the Gryffindor table . once again , and most unusually , they be sit apart from everyone else and converse in low voice . Ron lead the way over to them . " it be a bummer , all right , " George be say gloomily to Fred . " but if he wo n't talk to us in person , we will have to send him the letter after all . or we will stuff it into his hand . he ca n't avoid us forever . " " who be avoid you ? " say Ron , sit down next to them . " wish you would , " say Fred , look irritated at the interruption . " what be a bummer ? " Ron ask George . " have a nosy git like you for a brother , " say George . " you two get any idea on the Triwizard tournament yet ? " Harry ask . " think any more about try to enter ? " " I ask McGonagall how the champion be choose but she be n't tell , " say George bitterly . " she just tell me to shut up and get on with transfigure my raccoon . " " wonder what the task be go to be ? " say Ron thoughtfully . " you know , I bet we could do them , Harry . we have do dangerous stuff before ... " " not in front of a panel of judge , you have n't , " say Fred . " McGonagall say the champion get award point accord to how well they have do the task . " " who be the judge ? " Harry ask . " well , the Heads of the participate school be always on the panel , " say Hermione , and everyone look around at her , rather surprise , " because all three of them be injure during the tournament of @card@ , when a cockatrice the champion be suppose to be catch go on the rampage . " she notice them all look at her and say , with her usual air of impatience that nobody else have read all the book she have , " it be all in Hogwarts , a history . though , of course , that book be not entirely reliable . a revise history of Hogwarts would be a more accurate title . or a Highly Biased and selective history of Hogwarts , which gloss over the Nastier Aspects of the School . " " what be you on about ? " say Ron , though Harry think he know what be come . " House-elves ! " say Hermione , her eye flash . " not once , in over a thousand page , do Hogwarts , a history mention that we be all collude in the oppression of a hundred slave ! " Harry shake his head and apply himself to his scrambled egg . his and Ron 's lack of enthusiasm have do nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione 's determination to pursue justice for house-elves . true , both of them have pay two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. badge , but they have only do it to keep her quiet . their Sickles have be waste , however ; if anything , they seem to have make Hermione more vociferous . she have be badger Harry and Ron ever since , first to wear the badge , then to persuade other to do the same , and she have also take to rattle around the Gryffindor common room every evening , corner people and shake the collect tin under their nose . " you do realize that your sheet be change , your fire light , your classroom clean , and your food cook by a group of magical creature who be unpaid and enslave ? " she keep say fiercely . some people , like Neville , have pay up just to stop Hermione from glower at them . a few seem mildly interested in what she have to say , but be reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning . many regard the whole thing as a joke . Ron now roll his eye at the ceiling , which be flood them all in autumn sunlight , and Fred become extremely interested in his bacon ( both twin have refuse to buy a S.P.E.W. badge ) . George , however , lean in toward Hermione . " listen , have you ever be down in the kitchen , Hermione ? " " no , of course not , " say Hermione curtly , " I hardly think student be suppose to -- " " well , we have , " say George , indicate Fred , " load of time , to nick food . and we have meet them , and they be happy . they think they have get the good job in the world -- " " that be because they be uneducated and brainwash ! " Hermione begin hotly , but her next few word be drown out by the sudden whoosh noise from overhead , which announce the arrival of the post owl . Harry look up at once , and see Hedwig soar toward him . Hermione stop talk abruptly ; she and Ron watch Hedwig anxiously as she flutter down onto Harry 's shoulder , fold her wing , and hold out her leg wearily . Harry pull off Sirius 's reply and offer Hedwig his bacon rind , which she eat gratefully . then , check that Fred and George be safely immerse in further discussion about the Tri-wizard Tournament , Harry read out Sirius 's letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione . nice try , Harry . I be back in the country and well hide . I want you to keep me post on everything that be go on at Hogwarts . do n't use Hedwig , keep change owl , and do n't worry about me , just watch out for yourself . do n't forget what I say about your scar . Sirius " why d'you have to keep change owl ? " Ron ask in a low voice . " Hedwig will attract too much attention , " say Hermione at once . " she stand out . a snowy owl that keep return to wherever he be hide ... I mean , they be not native bird , be they ? " Harry roll up the letter and slip it inside his robe , wonder whether he feel more or less worried than before . he suppose that Sirius managing to get back without be catch be something . he could n't deny either that the idea that Sirius be much near be reassure ; at least he would n't have to wait so long for a response every time he write . " thanks , Hedwig , " he say , stroke her . she hoot sleepily , dip her beak briefly into his goblet of orange juice , then take off again , clearly desperate for a good long sleep in the Owlery . there be a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day . nobody be very attentive in lesson , be much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang ; even potion be more bearable than usual , as it be half an hour short . when the bell ring early , Harry , Ron , and Hermione hurry up to Gryffindor Tower , deposit their bag and book as they have be instruct , pull on their cloak , and rush back downstairs into the entrance hall . the Heads of Houses be order their student into line . " Weasley , straighten your hat , " Professor McGonagall snap at Ron . " Miss Patil , take that ridiculous thing out of your hair . " Parvati scowl and remove a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her plait . " follow me , please , " say Professor McGonagall . " first year in front ... no push ... " they file down the step and line up in front of the castle . it be a cold , clear evening ; dusk be fall and a pale , transparent-looking moon be already shine over the Forbidden Forest . Harry , standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front , see Dennis Creevey positively shiver with anticipation among the other first year . " nearly six , " say Ron , check his watch and then stare down the drive that lead to the front gate . " how d'you reckon they be come ? the train ? " " I doubt it , " say Hermione . " how , then ? broomstick ? " Harry suggest , look up at the starry sky . " I do n't think so ... not from that far away ... " " a Portkey ? " Ron suggest . " or they could Apparate -- maybe you be allow to do it under seventeen wherever they come from ? " " you ca n't Apparate inside the Hogwarts ground , how often do I have to tell you ? " say Hermione impatiently . they scan the darken ground excitedly , but nothing be move ; everything be still , silent , and quite as usual . Harry be start to feel cold . he wish they will hurry up ... maybe the foreign student be prepare a dramatic entrance ... he remember what Mr. Weasley have say back at the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup : " always the same -- we ca n't resist show off when we get together ... " and then Dumbledore call out from the back row where he stand with the other teacher - " Aha ! unless I be very much mistake , the delegation from Beauxbatons approach ! " " where ? " say many student eagerly , all look in different direction . " there ! " yell a sixth year , point over the forest . something large , much large than a broomstick -- or , indeed , a hundred broomstick -- be hurtle across the deep blue sky toward the castle , grow large all the time . " it be a dragon ! " shriek one of the first year , lose her head completely . " do n't be stupid ... it be a fly house ! " say Dennis Creevey . Dennis 's guess be close ... as the gigantic black shape skim over the treetop of the Forbidden Forest and the light shine from the castle window hit it , they see a gigantic , powder-blue , horse-drawn carriage , the size of a large house , soar toward them , pull through the air by a dozen wing horse , all palomino , and each the size of an elephant . the front three row of student draw backward as the carriage hurtle ever low , come in to land at a tremendous speed -- then , with an almighty crash that make Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin fifth year 's foot , the horse ' hoof , large than dinner plate , hit the ground . a second later , the carriage land too , bounce upon its vast wheel , while the golden horse toss their enormous head and roll large , fiery red eye . Harry just have time to see that the door of the carriage bear a coat of arm ( two cross , golden wand , each emit three star ) before it open . a boy in pale blue robe jump down from the carriage , bend forward , fumble for a moment with something on the carriage floor , and unfold a set of golden step . he spring back respectfully . then Harry see a shine , high-heeled black shoe emerge from the inside of the carriage -- a shoe the size of a child 's sled -- follow , almost immediately , by the large woman he have ever see in his life . the size of the carriage , and of the horse , be immediately explain . a few people gasp . Harry have only ever see one person as large as this woman in his life , and that be Hagrid ; he doubt whether there be an inch difference in their height . yet somehow -- maybe simply because he be use to Hagrid -- this woman ( now at the foot of the step , and look around at the waiting , wide-eyed crowd ) seem even more unnaturally large . as she step into the light flooding from the entrance hall , she be reveal to have a handsome , olive-skinned face ; large , black , liquid-looking eye ; and a rather beaky nose . her hair be draw back in a shine knob at the base of her neck . she be dress from head to foot in black satin , and many magnificent opal gleam at her throat and on her thick finger . Dumbledore start to clap ; the student , follow his lead , break into applause too , many of them stand on tiptoe , the well to look at this woman . her face relax into a gracious smile and she walk forward toward Dumbledore , extend a glitter hand . Dumbledore , though tall himself , have barely to bend to kiss it . " my dear Madame Maxime , " he say . " welcome to Hogwarts . " " Dumbly-dorr , " say Madame Maxime in a deep voice . " I ' ope I find you well ? " " in excellent form , I thank you , " say Dumbledore . " my pupil , " say Madame Maxime , wave one of her enormous hand carelessly behind her . Harry , whose attention have be focus completely upon Madame Maxime , now notice that about a dozen boy and girl , all , by the look of them , in their late teen , have emerge from the carriage and be now stand behind Madame Maxime . they be shiver , which be unsurprise , give that their robe seem to be make of fine silk , and none of them be wear cloak . a few have wrap scarves and shawl around their head . from what Harry could see of them ( they be stand in Madame Maxime 's enormous shadow ) , they be stare up at Hogwarts with apprehensive look on their face . " ' as Karkaroff arrive yet ? " Madame Maxime ask . " he should be here any moment , " say Dumbledore . " would you like to wait here and greet him or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle ? " " warm up , I think , " say Madame Maxime . " but ze ' orses -- " " Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delight to take care of them , " say Dumbledore , " the moment he have return from deal with a slight situation that have arise with some of his other -- er -- charge . " " Skrewts , " Ron mutter to Harry , grin . " my steed require -- er -- forceful ' andling , " say Madame Maxime , look as though she doubt whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job . " Zey be very strong ... " " I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job , " say Dumbledore , smile . " very well , " say Madame Maxime , bow slightly . " will you please inform zis ' Agrid zat ze ' orses drink only single-malt whiskey ? " " it will be attend to , " say Dumbledore , also bow . " come , " say Madame Maxime imperiously to her student , and the Hogwarts crowd part to allow her and her student to pass up the stone step . " how big d'you reckon Durmstrang 's horse be go to be ? " Seamus Finnigan say , lean around Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron . " well , if they be any big than this lot , even Hagrid wo n't be able to handle them , " say Harry . " that be if he have n't be attack by his skrewts . wonder what be up with them ? " " maybe they have escape , " say Ron hopefully . " oh do n't say that , " say Hermione with a shudder . " imagine that lot loose on the ground ... " they stand , shiver slightly now , wait for the Durmstrang party to arrive . most people be gaze hopefully up at the sky . for a few minute , the silence be break only by Madame Maxime 's huge horse snort and stamp . but then - " can you hear something ? " say Ron suddenly . Harry listen ; a loud and oddly eerie noise be drift toward them from out of the darkness : a muffle rumble and suck sound , as though an immense vacuum cleaner be move along a riverbed ... " the lake ! " yell Lee Jordan , point down at it . " look at the lake ! " from their position at the top of the lawn overlook the ground , they have a clear view of the smooth black surface of the water -- except that the surface be suddenly not smooth at all . some disturbance be take place deep in the center ; great bubble be form on the surface , wave be now wash over the muddy bank -- and then , out in the very middle of the lake , a whirlpool appear , as if a giant plug have just be pull out of the lake 's floor ... what seem to be a long , black pole begin to rise slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool ... and then Harry see the rigging ... " it be a mast ! " he say to Ron and Hermione . slowly , magnificently , the ship rise out of the water , gleam in the moonlight . it have a strangely skeletal look about it , as though it be a resurrect wreck , and the dim , misty light shimmer at its porthole look like ghostly eye . finally , with a great slosh noise , the ship emerge entirely , bob on the turbulent water , and begin to glide toward the bank . a few moment later , they hear the splash of an anchor be throw down in the shallow , and the thud of a plank be lower onto the bank . people be disembark ; they could see their silhouette pass the light in the ship 's porthole . all of them , Harry notice , seem to be build along the line of Crabbe and Goyle ... but then , as they draw near , walk up the lawn into the light stream from the entrance hall , he see that their bulk be really due to the fact that they be wear cloak of some kind of shaggy , matted fur . but the man who be lead them up to the castle be wear fur of a different sort : sleek and silver , like his hair . " Dumbledore ! " he call heartily as he walk up the slope . " how be you , my dear fellow , how be you ? " " bloom , thank you , Professor Karkaroff , " Dumbledore reply . Karkaroff have a fruity , unctuous voice ; when he step into the light pour from the front door of the castle they see that he be tall and thin like Dumbledore , but his white hair be short , and his goatee ( finish in a small curl ) do not entirely hide his rather weak chin . when he reach Dumbledore , he shake hand with both of his own . " dear old Hogwarts , " he say , look up at the castle and smile ; his tooth be rather yellow , and Harry notice that his smile do not extend to his eye , which remain cold and shrewd . " how good it be to be here , how good ... Viktor , come along , into the warmth ... you do n't mind , Dumbledore ? Viktor have a slight head cold ... " Karkaroff beckon forward one of his student . as the boy pass , Harry catch a glimpse of a prominent curve nose and thick black eyebrow . he do n't need the punch on the arm Ron give him , or the hiss in his ear , to recognize that profile . " Harry -- it be Krum ! " Chapter @card@ the goblet of Fire " I do n't believe it ! " Ron say , in a stun voice , as the Hogwarts student file back up the step behind the party from Durmstrang . " Krum , Harry ! Viktor Krum ! " " for heaven 's sake , Ron , he be only a Quidditch player , " say Hermione . " only a Quidditch player ? " Ron say , look at her as though he could n't believe his ear . " Hermione -- he be one of the good seeker in the world ! I have no idea he be still at school ! " as they recrossed the entrance hall with the rest of the Hogwarts student head for the Great Hall , Harry see Lee Jordan jump up and down on the sole of his foot to get a good look at the back of Krum 's head . several sixth-year girl be frantically search their pocket as they walk - " oh I do n't believe it , I have n't get a single quill on me -- " " D'you think he will sign my hat in lipstick ? " " really , " Hermione say loftily as they pass the girl , now squabble over the lipstick . " I be get his autograph if I can , " say Ron . " you have n't get a quill , have you , Harry ? " " Nope , they be upstairs in my bag , " say Harry . they walk over to the Gryffindor table and sit down . Ron take care to sit on the side face the doorway , because Krum and his fellow Durmstrang student be still gather around it , apparently unsure about where they should sit . the student from Beauxbatons have choose seat at the Ravenclaw table . they be look around the Great Hall with glum expression on their face . three of them be still clutch scarves and shawl around their head . " it be not that cold , " say Hermione defensively . " why do n't they bring cloak ? " " over here ! come and sit over here ! " Ron hiss . " over here ! Hermione , budge up , make a space -- " " what ? " " too late , " say Ron bitterly . Viktor Krum and his fellow Durmstrang student have settle themselves at the Slytherin table . Harry could see Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle look very smug about this . as he watch , Malfoy bend forward to speak to Krum . " yeah , that be right , smarm up to him , Malfoy , " say Ron scathingly . " I bet Krum can see right through him , though ... bet he get people fawn over him all the time ... where d'you reckon they be go to sleep ? we could offer him a space in our dormitory , Harry ... I would n't mind give him my bed , I could kip on a camp bed . " Hermione snort . " they look a lot happy than the Beauxbatons lot , " say Harry . the Durmstrang student be pull off their heavy fur and look up at the starry black ceiling with expression of interest ; a couple of them be pick up the golden plate and goblet and examine them , apparently impress . up at the staff table , Filch , the caretaker , be add chair . he be wear his moldy old tailcoat in honor of the occasion . Harry be surprise to see that he add four chair , two on either side of Dumbledore 's . " but there be only two extra people , " Harry say . " why be Filch put out four chair , who else be come ? " " Eh ? " say Ron vaguely . he be still stare avidly at Krum . when all the student have enter the Hall and settle down at their House table , the staff enter , file up to the top table and take their seat . last in line be Professor Dumbledore , Professor Karkaroff , and Madame Maxime . when their headmistress appear , the pupil from Beauxbatons leap to their foot . a few of the Hogwarts student laugh . the Beauxbatons party appear quite unembarrassed , however , and do not resume their seat until Madame Maxime have sit down on Dumbledore 's left-hand side . Dumbledore remain stand , and a silence fall over the Great Hall . " good evening , lady and gentleman , ghost and -- most particularly -- guest , " say Dumbledore , beam around at the foreign student . " I have great pleasure in welcome you all to Hogwarts . I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable . " one of the Beauxbatons girl still clutch a muffler around her head give what be unmistakably a derisive laugh . " no one be make you stay ! " Hermione whisper , bristle at her . " the tournament will be officially open at the end of the feast , " say Dumbledore . " I now invite you all to eat , drink , and make yourselves at home ! " he sit down , and Harry see Karkaroff lean forward at once and engage him in conversation . the plate in front of them fill with food as usual . the house-elves in the kitchen seem to have pull out all the stop ; there be a great variety of dish in front of them than Harry have ever see , include several that be definitely foreign . " what be that ? " say Ron , point at a large dish of some sort of shellfish stew that stand beside a large steak-and-kidney pudding . " bouillabaisse , " say Hermione . " bless you , " say Ron . " it be French , " say Hermione , " I have it on holiday summer before last . it be very nice . " " I will take your word for it , " say Ron , help himself to black pudding . the Great Hall seem somehow much more crowded than usual , even though there be barely twenty additional student there ; perhaps it be because their differently color uniform stand out so clearly against the black of the Hogwarts ' robe . now that they have remove their fur , the Durmstrang student be reveal to be wear robe of a deep bloodred . Hagrid sidle into the Hall through a door behind the staff table twenty minute after the start of the feast . he slide into his seat at the end and wave at Harry , Ron , and Hermione with a very heavily bandage hand . " Skrewts do all right , Hagrid ? " Harry call . " Thrivin ' , " Hagrid call back happily . " yeah , I will just bet they be , " say Ron quietly . " look like they have finally find a food they like , do n't it ? Hagrid 's finger . " at that moment , a voice say , " Excuse me , be you want ze bouillabaisse ? " it be the girl from Beauxbatons who have laugh during Dumbledore 's speech . she have finally remove her muffler . a long sheet of silvery-blonde hair fall almost to her waist . she have large , deep blue eye , and very white , even tooth . Ron go purple . he stare up at her , open his mouth to reply , but nothing come out except a faint gurgle noise . " yeah , have it , " say Harry , push the dish toward the girl . " you ' ave finish wiz it ? " " yeah , " Ron say breathlessly . " yeah , it be excellent . " the girl pick up the dish and carry it carefully off to the Ravenclaw table . Ron be still goggle at the girl as though he have never see one before . Harry start to laugh . the sound seem to jog Ron back to his sense . " she be a veela ! " he say hoarsely to Harry . " of course she be n't ! " say Hermione tartly . " I do n't see anyone else gape at her like an idiot ! " but she be n't entirely right about that . as the girl cross the Hall , many boy ' head turn , and some of them seem to have become temporarily speechless , just like Ron . " I be tell you , that be not a normal girl ! " say Ron , lean sideways so he could keep a clear view of her . " they do n't make them like that at Hogwarts ! " " they make them okay at Hogwarts , " say Harry without think . Cho happen to be sit only a few place away from the girl with the silvery hair . " when you have both put your eye back in , " say Hermione briskly , " you will be able to see who be just arrive . " she be point up at the staff table . the two remain empty seat have just be fill . ludo Bagman be now sit on Professor Karkaroff 's other side , while Mr. Crouch , Percy 's boss , be next to Madame Maxime . " what be they do here ? " say Harry in surprise . " they organize the Triwizard Tournament , do n't they ? " say Hermione . " I suppose they want to be here to see it start . " when the second course arrive they notice a number of unfamiliar dessert too . Ron examine an odd sort of pale blancmange closely , then move it carefully a few inch to his right , so that it would be clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table . the girl who look like a veela appear to have eat enough , however , and do not come over to get it . once the golden plate have be wipe clean , Dumbledore stand up again . a pleasant sort of tension seem to fill the Hall now . Harry feel a slight thrill of excitement , wonder what be come . several seat down from them , Fred and George be lean forward , stare at Dumbledore with great concentration . " the moment have come , " say Dumbledore , smile around at the sea of upturn face . " the Triwizard Tournament be about to start . I would like to say a few word of explanation before we bring in the casket -- " " the what ? " Harry mutter . Ron shrug . " - just to clarify the procedure that we will be follow this year . but first , let me introduce , for those who do not know them , Mr. Bartemius Crouch , Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation " -- there be a smattering of polite applause -- " and Mr. Ludo Bagman , Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports . " there be a much loud round of applause for Bagman than for Crouch , perhaps because of his fame as a Beater , or simply because he look so much more likable . he acknowledge it with a jovial wave of his hand . Bartemius Crouch do not smile or wave when his name be announce . remember him in his neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup , Harry think he look strange in wizard 's robe . his toothbrush mustache and severe parting look very odd next to Dumbledore 's long white hair and beard . " Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have work tirelessly over the last few month on the arrangement for the Triwizard Tournament , " Dumbledore continue , " and they will be join myself , Professor Karkaroff , and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champion ' effort . " at the mention of the word " champion , " the attentiveness of the listen student seem to sharpen . perhaps Dumbledore have notice their sudden stillness , for he smile as he say , " the casket , then , if you please , Mr. Filch . " filch , who have be lurk unnoticed in a far corner of the Hall , now approach Dumbledore carry a great wooden chest encrust with jewel . it look extremely old . a murmur of excited interest rise from the watch student ; Dennis Creevey actually stand on his chair to see it properly , but , be so tiny , his head hardly rise above anyone else be . " the instruction for the task the champion will face this year have already be examine by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman , " say Dumbledore as Filch place the chest carefully on the table before him , " and they have make the necessary arrangement for each challenge . there will be three task , space throughout the school year , and they will test the champion in many different way ... their magical prowess -- their daring -- their power of deduction -- and , of course , their ability to cope with danger . " at this last word , the Hall be fill with a silence so absolute that nobody seem to be breathe . " as you know , three champion compete in the tournament , " Dumbledore go on calmly , " one from each of the participate school . they will be mark on how well they perform each of the tournament task and the champion with the high total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup . the champion will be choose by an impartial selector : the Goblet of Fire . " Dumbledore now take out his wand and tap three time upon the top of the casket . the lid creak slowly open . Dumbledore reach inside it and pull out a large , roughly hew wooden cup . it would have be entirely unremarkable have it not be full to the brim with dance blue-white flame . Dumbledore close the casket and place the goblet carefully on top of it , where it would be clearly visible to everyone in the Hall . " anybody wish to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet , " say Dumbledore . " aspiring champion have twenty-four hour in which to put their name forward . tomorrow night , Halloween , the goblet will return the name of the three it have judge most worthy to represent their school . the goblet will be place in the entrance hall tonight , where it will be freely accessible to all those wish to compete . " to ensure that no underage student yield to temptation , " say Dumbledore , " I will be draw an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it have be place in the entrance hall . nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line . " finally , I wish to impress upon any of you wish to compete that this tournament be not to be enter into lightly . once a champion have be select by the Goblet of Fire , he or she be oblige to see the tournament through to the end . the placing of your name in the goblet constitute a binding , magical contract . there can be no change of heart once you have become a champion . please be very sure , therefore , that you be wholeheartedly prepare to play before you drop your name into the goblet . now , I think it be time for bed . good night to you all . " " an Age Line ! " Fred Weasley say , his eye glint , as they all make their way across the Hall to the door into the entrance hall . " well , that should be fool by an Aging Potion , should n't it ? and once your name be in that goblet , you be laugh -- it ca n't tell whether you be seventeen or not ! " " but I do n't think anyone under seventeen will stand a chance , " say Hermione , " we just have n't learn enough ... " " Speak for yourself , " say George shortly . " you will try and get in , wo n't you , Harry ? " Harry think briefly of Dumbledore 's insistence that nobody under seventeen should submit their name , but then the wonderful picture of himself win the Triwizard Tournament fill his mind again ... he wonder how angry Dumbledore would be if someone young than seventeen do find a way to get over the Age Line ... " where be he ? " say Ron , who be n't listen to a word of this conversation , but look through the crowd to see what have become of Krum . " Dumbledore do n't say where the Durmstrang people be sleep , do he ? " but this query be answer almost instantly ; they be level with the Slytherin table now , and Karkaroff have just bustle up to his student . " back to the ship , then , " he be say . " Viktor , how be you feel ? do you eat enough ? should I send for some mull wine from the kitchen ? " Harry see Krum shake his head as he pull his fur back on . " professor , I vood like some vine , " say one of the other Durmstrang boy hopefully . " I be n't offer it to you , Poliakoff , " snap Karkaroff , his warmly paternal air vanish in an instant . " I notice you have dribble food all down the front of your robe again , disgusting boy -- " Karkaroff turn and lead his student toward the door , reach them at exactly the same moment as Harry , Ron , and Hermione . Harry stop to let him walk through first . " thank you , " say Karkaroff carelessly , glance at him . and then Karkaroff freeze . he turn his head back to Harry and stare at him as though he could n't believe his eye . behind their headmaster , the student from Durmstrang come to a halt too . Karkaroff 's eye move slowly up Harry 's face and fix upon his scar . the Durmstrang student be stare curiously at Harry too . out of the corner of his eye , Harry see comprehension dawn on a few of their face . the boy with food all down his front nudge the girl next to him and point openly at Harry 's forehead . " yeah , that be Harry Potter , " say a growl voice from behind them . Professor Karkaroff spin around . Mad-Eye Moody be stand there , lean heavily on his staff , his magical eye glare unblinkingly at the Durmstrang headmaster . the color drain from Karkaroff 's face as Harry watch . a terrible look of mingle fury and fear come over him . " you ! " he say , stare at Moody as though unsure he be really see him . " me , " say Moody grimly . " and unless you have get anything to say to Potter , Karkaroff , you might want to move . you be block the doorway . " it be true ; half the student in the Hall be now wait behind them , look over one another be shoulder to see what be cause the holdup . without another word , Professor Karkaroff sweep his student away with him . Moody watch him until he be out of sight , his magical eye fix upon his back , a look of intense dislike upon his mutilate face . as the next day be Saturday , most student would normally have breakfast late . Harry , Ron , and Hermione , however , be not alone in rise much earlier than they usually do on weekend . when they go down into the entrance hall , they see about twenty people mill around it , some of them eat toast , all examine the Goblet of Fire . it have be place in the center of the hall on the stool that normally bear the Sorting Hat . a thin golden line have be trace on the floor , form a circle ten foot around it in every direction . " anyone put their name in yet ? " Ron ask a third-year girl eagerly . " all the Durmstrang lot , " she reply . " but I have n't see anyone from Hogwarts yet . " " bet some of them put it in last night after we have all go to bed , " say Harry . " I would have if it have be me ... would n't have want everyone watching . what if the goblet just gob you right back out again ? " someone laugh behind Harry . turn , he see Fred , George , and Lee Jordan hurry down the staircase , all three of them look extremely excited . " do it , " Fred say in a triumphant whisper to Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " just take it . " " what ? " say Ron . " the Aging Potion , dung brain , " say Fred . " one drop each , " say George , rub his hand together with glee . " we only need to be a few month old . " " we be go to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us win , " say Lee , grin broadly . " I be not sure this be go to work , you know , " say Hermione warningly " I be sure Dumbledore will have think of this . " Fred , George , and Lee ignore her . " ready ? " Fred say to the other two , quiver with excitement . " C'mon , then -- I will go first -- " Harry watch , fascinate , as Fred pull a slip of parchment out of his pocket bear the word Fred Weasley -- Hogwarts . Fred walk right up to the edge of the line and stand there , rock on his toe like a diver prepare for a fifty-foot drop . then , with the eye of every person in the entrance hall upon him , he take a great breath and step over the line . for a split second Harry think it have work -- George certainly think so , for he let out a yell of triumph and leap after Fred -- but next moment , there be a loud sizzling sound , and both twin be hurl out of the golden circle as though they have be throw by an invisible shot-putter . they land painfully , ten foot away on the cold stone floor , and to add insult to injury , there be a loud pop noise , and both of them sprout identical long white beard . the entrance hall ring with laughter . even Fred and George join in , once they have get to their foot and take a good look at each other 's beard . " I do warn you , " say a deep , amused voice , and everyone turn to see Professor Dumbledore come out of the Great Hall . he survey Fred and George , his eye twinkling . " I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey . she be already tend to Miss Fawcett , of Ravenclaw , and Mr. Summers , of Hufflepuff , both of whom decide to age themselves up a little too . though I must say , neither of their beard be anything like as fine as yours . " Fred and George set off for the hospital wing , accompany by Lee , who be howl with laughter , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione , also chortle , go in to breakfast . the decoration in the Great Hall have change this morning . as it be Halloween , a cloud of live bat be flutter around the enchant ceiling , while hundred of carve pumpkin leer from every corner . Harry lead the way over to Dean and Seamus , who be discuss those Hogwarts student of seventeen or over who might be enter . " there be a rumor go around that Warrington get up early and put his name in , " Dean tell Harry . " that big bloke from Slytherin who look like a sloth . " Harry , who have play Quidditch against Warrington , shake his head in disgust . " we ca n't have a Slytherin champion ! " " and all the Hufflepuffs be talk about Diggory , " say Seamus contemptuously . " but I would n't have think he will have want to risk his good look . " " listen ! " say Hermione suddenly . people be cheer out in the entrance hall . they all swivel around in their seat and see Angelina Johnson come into the Hall , grin in an embarrassed sort of way . a tall black girl who play Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team , Angelina come over to them , sit down , and say , " well , I have do it ! just put my name in ! " " you be kid ! " say Ron , look impress . " be you seventeen , then ? " ask Harry . " ' Course she be , ca n't see a beard , can you ? " say Ron . " I have my birthday last week , " say Angelina . " well , I be glad someone from Gryffindor be enter , " say Hermione . " I really hope you get it , Angelina ! " " thanks , Hermione , " say Angelina , smile at her . " yeah , better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory , " say Seamus , cause several Hufflepuffs pass their table to scowl heavily at him . " what be we go to do today , then ? " Ron ask Harry and Hermione when they have finish breakfast and be leave the Great Hall . " we have n't be down to visit Hagrid yet , " say Harry . " okay , " say Ron , " just as long as he do n't ask us to donate a few finger to the skrewts . " a look of great excitement suddenly dawn on Hermione 's face . " I have just realize -- I have n't ask Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. yet ! " she say brightly . " wait for me , will you , while I nip upstairs and get the badge ? " " what be it with her ? " say Ron , exasperate , as Hermione run away up the marble staircase . " hey , Ron , " say Harry suddenly . " it be your friend ... " the student from Beauxbatons be come through the front door from the ground , among them , the veela-girl . those gather around the Goblet of Fire stand back to let them pass , watch eagerly . Madame Maxime enter the hall behind her student and organize them into a line . one by one , the Beauxbatons student step across the Age Line and drop their slip of parchment into the blue-white flame . as each name enter the fire , it turn briefly red and emit spark . " what d'you reckon will happen to the one who be n't choose ? " Ron mutter to Harry as the veela-girl drop her parchment into the Goblet of Fire . " reckon they will go back to school , or hang around to watch the tournament ? " " dunno , " say Harry . " hang around , I suppose ... Madame Maxime be stay to judge , be n't she ? " when all the Beauxbatons student have submit their name , Madame Maxime lead them back out of the hall and out onto the ground again . " where be they sleep , then ? " say Ron , move toward the front door and stare after them . a loud rattle noise behind them announce Hermione 's reappearance with the box of S.P.E.W. badge . " oh good , hurry up , " say Ron , and he jump down the stone step , keep his eye on the back of the veela-girl , who be now halfway across the lawn with Madame Maxime . as they near Hagrid 's cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest , the mystery of the Beauxbatons ' sleeping quarter be solve . the gigantic powder-blue carriage in which they have arrive have be park two hundred yard from Hagrid 's front door , and the student be climb back inside it . the elephantine fly horse that have pull the carriage be now graze in a makeshift paddock alongside it . Harry knock on Hagrid 's door , and Fang 's booming bark answer instantly " ' Bout time ! " say Hagrid , when he have fling open the door . " think you lot have forget where I live ! " " we have be really busy , Hag -- " Hermione start to say , but then she stop dead , look up at Hagrid , apparently lose for word . Hagrid be wear his well ( and very horrible ) hairy brown suit , plus a checked yellow-and-orange tie . this be n't the bad of it , though ; he have evidently try to tame his hair , use large quantity of what appear to be axle grease . it be now slick down into two bunch -- perhaps he have try a ponytail like Bill 's , but find he have too much hair . the look do n't really suit Hagrid at all . for a moment , Hermione goggle at him , then , obviously decide not to comment , she say , " erm -- where be the skrewts ? " " out by the pumpkin patch , " say Hagrid happily . " they be gettin ' massive , mu ' be nearly three foot long now . On'y trouble be , they have start killin ' each other . " " oh no , really ? " say Hermione , shoot a repressive look at Ron , who , stare at Hagrid 's odd hairstyle , have just open his mouth to say something about it . " yeah , " say Hagrid sadly . " ' S ' okay , though , I have get ' em in separate box now . still get abou ' twenty . " " well , that be lucky , " say Ron . Hagrid miss the sarcasm . Hagrid 's cabin comprise a single room , in one corner of which be a gigantic bed cover in a patchwork quilt . a similarly enormous wooden table and chair stand in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cure ham and dead bird hang from the ceiling . they sit down at the table while Hagrid start to make tea , and be soon immerse in yet more discussion of the Triwizard Tournament . Hagrid seem quite as excited about it as they be . " you wait , " he say , grin . " you jus ' wait . Yer go ter see some stuff yeh have never see before . fir ' task ... ah , but I be not suppose ter say . " " go on , Hagrid ! " Harry , Ron , and Hermione urge him , but he just shake his head , grin . " I don ' want ter spoil it fer yeh , " say Hagrid . " but it be gonna be spectacular , I will tell yeh that . them champion be go ter have their work cut out . never think I will live ter see the Triwizard Tournament play again ! " they end up have lunch with Hagrid , though they do n't eat much -- Hagrid have make what he say be a beef casserole , but after Hermione unearth a large talon in hers , she , Harry , and Ron rather lose their appetite . however , they enjoy themselves try to make Hagrid tell them what the task in the tournament be go to be , speculate which of the entrant be likely to be select as champion , and wonder whether Fred and George be beardless yet . a light rain have start to fall by midafternoon ; it be very cozy sit by the fire , listen to the gentle patter of the drop on the window , watch Hagrid darn his sock and argue with Hermione about house-elves -- for he flatly refuse to join S.P.E.W. when she show him her badge . " it will be doin ' ' em an unkindness , Hermione , " he say gravely , thread a massive bone needle with thick yellow yarn . " it be in their nature ter look after human , that be what they like , see ? Yeh will be Makin ' ' em unhappy ter take away their work , an ' insultin ' ' em if Yeh try ter pay ' em . " " but Harry set Dobby free , and he be over the moon about it ! " say Hermione . " and we hear he be ask for wage now ! " " yeah , well , yeh get weirdo in every breed . I be not sayin ' there be n't the odd elf who will take freedom , but Yeh will never persuade most of ' em ter do it -- no , nothin ' doin ' , Hermione . " Hermione look very cross indeed and stuff her box of badge back into her cloak pocket . by half past five it be grow dark , and Ron , Harry , and Hermione decide it be time to get back up to the castle for the Halloween feast -- and , more important , the announcement of the school champion . " I will come with yeh , " say Hagrid , put away his darning . " jus ' give us a sec . " Hagrid get up , go across to the chest of drawer beside his bed , and begin search for something inside it . they do n't pay too much attention until a truly horrible smell reach their nostril . cough , Ron say , " Hagrid , what be that ? " " Eh ? " say Hagrid , turn around with a large bottle in his hand . " Don ' yeh like it ? " " be that aftershave ? " say Hermione in a slightly choke voice . " er -- eau de cologne , " Hagrid mutter . he be blush . " maybe it be a bit much , " he say gruffly . " I will go take it off , hang on ... he stump out of the cabin , and they see him wash himself vigorously in the water barrel outside the window . " Eau de cologne ? " say Hermione in amazement . " Hagrid ? " " and what be with the hair and the suit ? " say Harry in an undertone . " look ! " say Ron suddenly , point out of the window . Hagrid have just straighten up and turn ' round . if he have be blush before , it be nothing to what he be do now . get to their foot very cautiously , so that Hagrid would n't spot them , Harry , Ron , and Hermione peer through the window and see that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons student have just emerge from their carriage , clearly about to set off for the feast too . they could n't hear what Hagrid be say , but he be talk to Madame Maxime with a rapt , misty-eyed expression Harry have only ever see him wear once before -- when he have be look at the baby dragon , Norbert . " he be go up to the castle with her ! " say Hermione indignantly . " I think he be wait for us ! " without so much as a backward glance at his cabin , Hagrid be trudge off up the ground with Madame Maxime , the Beauxbatons student follow in their wake , jog to keep up with their enormous stride . " he fancy her ! " say Ron incredulously . " well , if they end up have child , they will be set a world record -- bet any baby of theirs would weigh about a ton . " they let themselves out of the cabin and shut the door behind them . it be surprisingly dark outside . draw their cloak more closely around themselves , they set off up the sloping lawn . " Ooh it be them , look ! " Hermione whisper . the Durmstrang party be walk up toward the castle from the lake . Viktor Krum be walk side by side with Karkaroff , and the other Durmstrang student be straggle along behind them . Ron watch Krum excitedly , but Krum do not look around as he reach the front door a little ahead of Hermione , Ron , and Harry and proceed through them . when they enter the candlelit Great Hall it be almost full . the Goblet of Fire have be move ; it be now stand in front of Dumbledore 's empty chair at the teacher ' table . Fred and George -- clean-shaven again -- seem to have take their disappointment fairly well . " hope it be Angelina , " say Fred as Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit down . " so do I ! " say Hermione breathlessly . " well , we will soon know ! " the Halloween feast seem to take much longer than usual . perhaps because it be their second feast in two day , Harry do n't seem to fancy the extravagantly prepare food as much as he would have normally . like everyone else in the Hall , judge by the constantly crane neck , the impatient expression on every face , the fidget , and the standing up to see whether Dumbledore have finish eat yet , Harry simply want the plate to clear , and to hear who have be select as champion . at long last , the golden plate return to their original spotless state ; there be a sharp upswing in the level of noise within the Hall , which die away almost instantly as Dumbledore get to his foot . on either side of him , Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime look as tense and expectant as anyone . ludo Bagman be beam and wink at various student . Mr. Crouch , however , look quite uninterested , almost bore . " well , the goblet be almost ready to make its decision , " say Dumbledore . " I estimate that it require one more minute . now , when the champion ' name be call , I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall , walk along the staff table , and go through into the next chamber " -- he indicate the door behind the staff table -- " where they will be receive their first instruction . " he take out his wand and give a great sweeping wave with it ; at once , all the candle except those inside the carve pumpkin be extinguish , plunge them into a state of semidarkness . the Goblet of Fire now shine more brightly than anything in the whole Hall , the sparkling bright , bluey-whiteness of the flame almost painful on the eye . everyone watch , wait ... a few people keep check their watch ... " any second , " Lee Jordan whisper , two seat away from Harry . the flame inside the goblet turn suddenly red again . spark begin to fly from it . next moment , a tongue of flame shot into the air , a char piece of parchment flutter out of it -- the whole room gasp . Dumbledore catch the piece of parchment and hold it at arm 's length , so that he could read it by the light of the flame , which have turn back to blue-white . " the champion for Durmstrang , " he read , in a strong , clear voice , " will be Viktor Krum . " " no surprise there ! " yell Ron as a storm of applause and cheer sweep the Hall . Harry see Viktor Krum rise from the Slytherin table and slouch up toward Dumbledore ; he turn right , walk along the staff table , and disappear through the door into the next chamber . " Bravo , Viktor ! " boom Karkaroff , so loudly that everyone could hear him , even over all the applause . " know you have it in you ! the clap and chat die down . now everyone 's attention be focus again on the goblet , which , second later , turn red once more . a second piece of parchment shoot out of it , propel by the flame . " the champion for Beauxbatons , " say Dumbledore , " be Fleur Delacour ! " " it be her , Ron ! " Harry shout as the girl who so resemble a veela get gracefully to her foot , shake back her sheet of silvery blonde hair , and sweep up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff table . " oh look , they be all disappoint , " Hermione say over the noise , nod toward the remainder of the Beauxbatons party . " disappoint " be a bit of an understatement , Harry think . two of the girl who have not be select have dissolve into tear and be sob with their head on their arm . when Fleur Delacour too have vanish into the side chamber , silence fall again , but this time it be a silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste it . the Hogwarts champion next ... and the Goblet of Fire turn red once more ; spark shower out of it ; the tongue of flame shot high into the air , and from its tip Dumbledore pull the third piece of parchment . " the Hogwarts champion , " he call , " be Cedric Diggory ! " " no ! " say Ron loudly , but nobody hear him except Harry ; the uproar from the next table be too great . every single Hufflepuff have jump to his or her foot , scream and stamp , as Cedric make his way past them , grin broadly , and head off toward the chamber behind the teacher ' table . indeed , the applause for Cedric go on so long that it be some time before Dumbledore could make himself hear again . " excellent ! " Dumbledore call happily as at last the tumult die down . " well , we now have our three champion . I be sure I can count upon all of you , include the remain student from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang , to give your champion every ounce of support you can muster . by cheer your champion on , you will contribute in a very real -- " but Dumbledore suddenly stop speak , and it be apparent to everybody what have distract him . the fire in the goblet have just turn red again . spark be fly out of it . a long flame shoot suddenly into the air , and bear upon it be another piece of parchment . automatically , it seem , Dumbledore reach out a long hand and seize the parchment . he hold it out and stare at the name write upon it . there be a long pause , during which Dumbledore stare at the slip in his hand , and everyone in the room stare at Dumbledore . and then Dumbledore clear his throat and read out - " Harry Potter . " Chapter @card@ the Four Champions Harry sit there , aware that every head in the Great Hall have turn to look at him . he be stun . he feel numb . he be surely dream . he have not hear correctly . there be no applause . a buzz , as though of angry bee , be start to fill the Hall ; some student be stand up to get a good look at Harry as he sit , freeze , in his seat . up at the top table , Professor McGonagall have get to her foot and sweep past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore , who bend his ear toward her , frown slightly . Harry turn to Ron and Hermione ; beyond them , he see the long Gryffindor table all watch him , openmouthed . " I do n't put my name in , " Harry say blankly . " you know I do n't . " both of them stare just as blankly back . at the top table , Professor Dumbledore have straighten up , nod to Professor McGonagall . " Harry Potter ! " he call again . " Harry ! up here , if you please ! " " go on , " Hermione whisper , give Harry a slight push . Harry get to his foot , tread on the hem of his robe , and stumble slightly . he set off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff table . it feel like an immensely long walk ; the top table do n't seem to be get any near at all , and he could feel hundred and hundred of eye upon him , as though each be a searchlight . the buzz grow loud and loud . after what seem like an hour , he be right in front of Dumbledore , feel the stare of all the teacher upon him . " well ... through the door , Harry , " say Dumbledore . he be n't smile . Harry move off along the teacher ' table . Hagrid be seat right at the end . he do not wink at Harry , or wave , or give any of his usual sign of greeting . he look completely astonish and stare at Harry as he pass like everyone else . Harry go through the door out of the Great Hall and find himself in a small room , line with painting of witch and wizard . a handsome fire be roar in the fireplace opposite him . the face in the portrait turn to look at him as he enter . he see a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it , which contain a wizard with a walrus mustache . the wizened witch start whisper in his ear . Viktor Krum , Cedric Diggory , and Fleur Delacour be group around the fire . they look strangely impressive , silhouette against the flame . Krum , hunched-up and brood , be lean against the mantelpiece , slightly apart from the other two . Cedric be stand with his hand behind his back , stare into the fire . Fleur Delacour look around when Harry walk in and throw back her sheet of long , silvery hair . " what be it ? " she say . " do zey want us back in ze Hall ? " she think he have come to deliver a message . Harry do n't know how to explain what have just happen . he just stand there , look at the three champion . it strike him how very tall all of them be . there be a sound of scurry foot behind him , and Ludo Bagman enter the room . he take Harry by the arm and lead him forward . " extraordinary ! " he mutter , squeeze Harry 's arm . " absolutely extraordinary ! gentleman ... lady , " he add , approach the fireside and address the other three . " may I introduce -- incredible though it may seem -- the fourth Triwizard champion ? " Viktor Krum straighten up . his surly face darken as he survey Harry . Cedric look nonplus . he look from Bagman to Harry and back again as though sure he must have mishear what Bagman have say . Fleur Delacour , however , toss her hair , smile , and say , " oh , vairy funny joke , Meester Bagman . " " joke ? " bagman repeat , bewilder . " no , no , not at all ! Harry 's name just come out of the Goblet of Fire ! " Krum 's thick eyebrow contract slightly . Cedric be still look politely bewilder . Fleur frown . " but evidently zair ' as be a mistake , " she say contemptuously to Bagman . " ' E can compete . ' E be too young . " " well ... it be amazing , " say Bagman , rub his smooth chin and smile down at Harry . " but , as you know , the age restriction be only impose this year as an extra safety measure . and as his name be come out of the goblet ... I mean , I do n't think there can be any duck out at this stage ... it be down in the rule , you be oblige ... Harry will just have to do the good he -- " the door behind them open again , and a large group of people come in : Professor Dumbledore , follow closely by Mr. Crouch , Professor Karkaroff , Madame Maxime , Professor McGonagall , and Professor Snape . Harry hear the buzz of the hundred of student on the other side of the wall , before Professor McGonagall close the door . " Madame Maxime ! " say Fleur at once , stride over to her headmistress . " Zey be say zat zis little boy be to compete also ! " somewhere under Harry 's numb disbelief he feel a ripple of anger . little boy ? Madame Maxime have draw herself up to her full , and considerable , height . the top of her handsome head brush the candle-filled chandelier , and her gigantic black-satin bosom swell . " what be ze mean of zis , Dumbly-dorr ? " she say imperiously . " I will rather like to know that myself , Dumbledore , " say Professor Karkaroff . he be wear a steely smile , and his blue eye be like chip of ice . " two Hogwarts champion ? I do n't remember anyone tell me the host school be allow two champion -- or have I not read the rule carefully enough ? " he give a short and nasty laugh . " C'est impossible , " say Madame Maxime , whose enormous hand with its many superb opal be rest upon Fleur 's shoulder . " ' Ogwarts can ' ave two champion . it be most injust . " " we be under the impression that your Age Line would keep out young contestant , Dumbledore , " say Karkaroff , his steely smile still in place , though his eye be cold than ever . " otherwise , we would , of course , have bring along a wide selection of candidate from our own school . " " it be no one 's fault but Potter 's , Karkaroff , " say Snape softly . his black eye be alight with malice . " do n't go blame Dumbledore for Potter 's determination to break rule . he have be cross line ever since he arrive here -- " " thank you , Severus , " say Dumbledore firmly , and Snape go quiet , though his eye still glint malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair . Professor Dumbledore be now look down at Harry , who look right back at him , try to discern the expression of the eye behind the half-moon spectacles . " do you put your name into the Goblet of Fire , Harry ? " he ask calmly . " no , " say Harry . he be very aware of everybody watch him closely . Snape make a soft noise of impatient disbelief in the shadow . " do you ask an old student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you ? " say Professor Dumbledore , ignore Snape . " no , " say Harry vehemently . " ah , but of course ' e be lie ! " cry Madame Maxime . Snape be now shake his head , his lip curling . " he could not have cross the Age Line , " say Professor McGonagall sharply . " I be sure we be all agree on that -- " " Dumbly-dorr must ' ave make a mistake wiz ze line , " say Madame Maxime , shrug . " it be possible , of course , " say Dumbledore politely " Dumbledore , you know perfectly well you do not make a mistake ! " say Professor McGonagall angrily . " really , what nonsense ! Harry could not have cross the line himself , and as Professor Dumbledore believe that he do not persuade an old student to do it for him , I be sure that should be good enough for everybody else ! " she shoot a very angry look at Professor Snape . " Mr. Crouch ... Mr. Bagman , " say Karkaroff , his voice unctuous once more , " you be our -- er -- objective judge . surely you will agree that this be most irregular ? " bagman wipe his round , boyish face with his handkerchief and look at Mr. Crouch , who be stand outside the circle of the firelight , his face half hide in shadow . he look slightly eerie , the half darkness make him look much old , give him an almost skull-like appearance . when he speak , however , it be in his usual curt voice . " we must follow the rule , and the rule state clearly that those people whose name come out of the Goblet of Fire be bind to compete in the tournament . " " well , Barty know the rule book back to front , " say Bagman , beam and turn back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime , as though the matter be now close . " I insist upon resubmit the name of the rest of my student , " say Karkaroff . he have drop his unctuous tone and his smile now . his face wear a very ugly look indeed . " you will set up the Goblet of Fire once more , and we will continue add name until each school have two champion . it be only fair , Dumbledore . " " but Karkaroff , it do n't work like that , " say Bagman . " the Goblet of Fire 's just go out -- it wo n't reignite until the start of the next tournament -- " " - in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be compete ! " explode Karkaroff . " after all our meeting and negotiation and compromise , I little expect something of this nature to occur ! I have half a mind to leave now ! " " empty threat , Karkaroff , " growl a voice from near the door . " you ca n't leave your champion now . he be get to compete . they have all get to compete . binding magical contract , like Dumbledore say . convenient , eh ? " Moody have just enter the room . he limp toward the fire , and with every right step he take , there be a loud clunk . " convenient ? " say Karkaroff . " I be afraid I do n't understand you , Moody . " Harry could tell he be try to sound disdainful , as though what Moody be say be barely worth his notice , but his hand give him away ; they have ball themselves into fist . " do n't you ? " say Moody quietly . " it be very simple , Karkaroff . someone put Potter 's name in that goblet know he will have to compete if it come out . " " evidently , someone ' oo wish to give ' Ogwarts two bite at ze apple ! " say Madame Maxime . " I quite agree , Madame Maxime , " say Karkaroff , bow to her . " I shall be lodge complaint with the Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of wizard -- " " if anyone 's get reason to complain , it be Potter , " growl Moody , " but ... funny thing ... I do n't hear him say a word ... " " why should ' e complain ? " burst out Fleur Delacour , stamp her foot . " ' E ' as ze chance to compete , ' as n't ' e ? we ' ave all be ' ope to be choose for week and week ! Ze honor for our school ! a thousand Galleons in prize money -- zis be a chance many would die for ! " " maybe someone be hope Potter be go to die for it , " say Moody , with the merest trace of a growl . an extremely tense silence follow these word . ludo Bagman , who be look very anxious indeed , bounce nervously up and down on his foot and say , " moody , old man ... what a thing to say ! " " we all know Professor Moody consider the morning waste if he have n't discover six plot to murder him before lunchtime , " say Karkaroff loudly . " apparently he be now teach his student to fear assassination too . an odd quality in a defense against the Dark Arts teacher , Dumbledore , but no doubt you have your reason . " " imagine thing , be I ? " growl Moody . " see thing , eh ? it be a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy 's name in that goblet ... " " ah , what evidence be zere of zat ? " say Madame Maxime , throw up her huge hand . " because they hoodwink a very powerful magical object ! " say Moody . " it would have need an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forget that only three school compete in the tournament ... I be guess they submit Potter 's name under a fourth school , to make sure he be the only one in his category ... " " you seem to have give this a great deal of thought , Moody , " say Karkaroff coldly , " and a very ingenious theory it be -- though of course , I hear you recently get it into your head that one of your birthday present contain a cunningly disguise basilisk egg , and smash it to piece before realize it be a carriage clock . so you will understand if we do n't take you entirely seriously ... " " there be those who will turn innocent occasion to their advantage , " Moody retort in a menace voice . " it be my job to think the way dark wizard do , Karkaroff -- as you ought to remember ... " " Alastor ! " say Dumbledore warningly . Harry wonder for a moment whom he be speak to , but then realize " Mad-Eye " could hardly be Moody 's real first name . Moody fall silent , though still survey Karkaroff with satisfaction -- Karkaroff 's face be burn . " how this situation arise , we do not know , " say Dumbledore , speak to everyone gather in the room . " it seem to me , however , that we have no choice but to accept it . both Cedric and Harry have be choose to compete in the tournament . this , therefore , they will do ... " " ah , but Dumbly-dorr -- " " my dear Madame Maxime , if you have an alternative , I would be delight to hear it . " Dumbledore wait , but Madame Maxime do not speak , she merely glare . she be n't the only one either . Snape look furious ; Karkaroff livid ; Bagman , however , look rather excited . " well , shall we crack on , then ? " he say , rub his hand together and smile around the room . " get to give our champion their instruction , have n't we ? Barty , want to do the honors ? " Mr. Crouch seem to come out of a deep reverie . " yes , " he say , " instruction . yes ... the first task ... " he move forward into the firelight . close up , Harry think he look ill . there be dark shadow beneath his eye and a thin , papery look about his wrinkle skin that have not be there at the Quidditch World Cup . " the first task be design to test your daring , " he tell Harry , Cedric , Fleur , and Viktor , " so we be not go to be tell you what it be . courage in the face of the unknown be an important quality in a wizard ... very important ... " the first task will take place on November the twenty-fourth , in front of the other student and the panel of judge . " the champion be not permit to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teacher to complete the task in the tournament . the champion will face the first challenge arm only with their wand . they will receive information about the second task when the first be over . owe to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the tournament , the champion be exempt from end-of-year test . " Mr. Crouch turn to look at Dumbledore . " I think that be all , be it , Albus ? " " I think so , " say Dumbledore , who be look at Mr. Crouch with mild concern . " be you sure you would n't like to stay at Hogwarts tonight , Barty ? " " no , Dumbledore , I must get back to the Ministry , " say Mr. Crouch . " it be a very busy , very difficult time at the moment ... I have leave young Weatherby in charge ... Very enthusiastic ... a little overenthusiastic , if truth be tell ... " " you will come and have a drink before you go , at least ? " say Dumbledore . " come on , Barty , I be stay ! " say Bagman brightly . " it be all happen at Hogwarts now , you know , much more exciting here than at the office ! " " I think not , Ludo , " say Crouch with a touch of his old impatience . " Professor Karkaroff -- Madame Maxime -- a nightcap ? " say Dumbledore . but Madame Maxime have already put her arm around Fleur 's shoulder and be lead her swiftly out of the room . Harry could hear them both talk very fast in French as they go off into the Great Hall . Karkaroff beckon to Krum , and they , too , exit , though in silence . " Harry , Cedric , I suggest you go up to bed , " say Dumbledore , smile at both of them . " I be sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff be wait to celebrate with you , and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise . " Harry glance at Cedric , who nod , and they leave together . the Great Hall be desert now ; the candle have burn low , give the jagged smile of the pumpkin an eerie , flicker quality . " so , " say Cedric , with a slight smile . " we be play against each other again ! " " I s'pose , " say Harry . he really could n't think of anything to say . the inside of his head seem to be in complete disarray , as though his brain have be ransack . " so ... tell me ... " say Cedric as they reach the entrance hall , which be now light only by torch in the absence of the Goblet of Fire . " how do you get your name in ? " " I do n't , " say Harry , stare up at him . " I do n't put it in . I be tell the truth . " " ah ... okay , " say Cedric . Harry could tell Cedric do n't believe him . " well ... see you , then . " instead of go up the marble staircase , Cedric head for a door to its right . Harry stand listen to him go down the stone step beyond it , then , slowly , he start to climb the marble one . be anyone except Ron and Hermione go to believe him , or would they all think he will put himself in for the tournament ? yet how could anyone think that , when he be face competitor who have have three year ' more magical education than he have -- when he be now face task that not only sound very dangerous , but which be to be perform in front of hundred of people ? yes , he have think about it ... he have fantasize about it ... but it have be a joke , really , an idle sort of dream ... he will never really , seriously consider enter ... but someone else have consider it ... someone else have want him in the tournament , and have make sure he be enter . why ? to give him a treat ? he do n't think so , somehow ... to see him make a fool of himself ? well , they be likely to get their wish ... but to get him kill ? be moody just be his usual paranoid self ? could n't someone have put Harry 's name in the goblet as a trick , a practical joke ? do anyone really want him dead ? Harry be able to answer that at once . yes , someone want him dead , someone have want him dead ever since he have be a year old ... Lord Voldemort . but how could Voldemort have ensure that Harry 's name get into the Goblet of Fire ? Voldemort be suppose to be far away , in some distant country , in hiding , alone ... feeble and powerless ... yet in that dream he have have , just before he have awake with his scar hurt , Voldemort have not be alone ... he have be talk to Wormtail ... plot Harry 's murder ... Harry get a shock to find himself face the Fat Lady already . he have barely notice where his foot be carry him . it be also a surprise to see that she be not alone in her frame . the wizened witch who have flit into her neighbor 's painting when he have join the champion downstairs be now sit smugly beside the Fat Lady . she must have dash through every picture line seven staircase to reach here before him . both she and the Fat Lady be look down at him with the keen interest . " well , well , well , " say the Fat Lady , " Violet 's just tell me everything . who be just be choose as school champion , then ? " " balderdash , " say Harry dully . " it most certainly be n't ! " say the pale witch indignantly . " no , no , Vi , it be the password , " say the Fat Lady soothingly , and she swing forward on her hinge to let Harry into the common room . the blast of noise that meet Harry 's ear when the portrait open almost knock him backward . next thing he know , he be be wrench inside the common room by about a dozen pair of hand , and be face the whole of Gryffindor House , all of whom be scream , applaud , and whistle . " you should have tell us you have enter ! " bellow Fred ; he look half annoyed , half deeply impress . " how do you do it without get a beard ? brilliant ! " roar George . " I do n't , " Harry say . " I do n't know how -- " but Angelina have now swoop down upon him ; " oh if it could n't be me , at least it be a Gryffindor -- " " you will be able to pay back Diggory for that last Quidditch match , Harry ! " shriek Katie Bell , another of the Gryffindor chaser . " we have get food , Harry , come and have some -- " " I be not hungry , I have enough at the feast -- " but nobody want to hear that he be n't hungry ; nobody want to hear that he have n't put his name in the goblet ; not one single person seem to have notice that he be n't at all in the mood to celebrate ... Lee Jordan have unearth a Gryffindor banner from somewhere , and he insist on drape it around Harry like a cloak . Harry could n't get away ; whenever he try to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitory , the crowd around him close rank , force another butterbeer on him , stuff crisp and peanut into his hand ... Everyone want to know how he have do it , how he have trick Dumbledore 's Age Line and manage to get his name into the goblet ... " I do n't , " he say , over and over again , " I do n't know how it happen . " but for all the notice anyone take , he might just as well not have answer at all . " I be tired ! " he bellow finally , after nearly half an hour . " no , seriously , George -- I be go to bed -- " he want more than anything to find Ron and Hermione , to find a bit of sanity , but neither of them seem to be in the common room . insist that he need to sleep , and almost flatten the little Creevey brother as they attempt to waylay him at the foot of the stair , Harry manage to shake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as he could . to his great relief , he find Ron be lie on his bed in the otherwise empty dormitory , still fully dress . he look up when Harry slam the door behind him . " where have you be ? " Harry say . " oh hello , " say Ron . he be grin , but it be a very odd , strained sort of grin . Harry suddenly become aware that he be still wear the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee have tie around him . he hasten to take it off , but it be knot very tightly . Ron lie on the bed without move , watch Harry struggle to remove it . " so , " he say , when Harry have finally remove the banner and throw it into a corner . " congratulation . " " what d'you mean , congratulation ? " say Harry , stare at Ron . there be definitely something wrong with the way Ron be smile : it be more like a grimace . " well ... no one else get across the Age Line , " say Ron . " not even Fred and George . what do you use -- the Invisibility Cloak ? " " the Invisibility Cloak would n't have get me over that line , " say Harry slowly . " oh right , " say Ron . " I think you might have tell me if it be the cloak ... because it would have cover both of us , would n't it ? but you find another way , do you ? " " listen , " say Harry , " I do n't put my name in that goblet . someone else must have do it . " Ron raise his eyebrow . " what would they do that for ? " " I dunno , " say Harry . he feel it would sound very melodramatic to say , " to kill me . " Ron 's eyebrow rise so high that they be in danger of disappear into his hair . " it be okay , you know , you can tell me the truth , " he say . " if you do n't want everyone else to know , fine , but I do n't know why you be bother to lie , you do n't get into trouble for it , do you ? that friend of the Fat Lady 's , that Violet , she be already tell us all Dumbledore be let you enter . a thousand Galleons prize money , eh ? and you do n't have to do end-of-year test either ... " " I do n't put my name in that goblet ! " say Harry , start to feel angry . " yeah , okay , " say Ron , in exactly the same sceptical tone as Cedric . " only you say this morning you will have do it last night , and no one would have see you ... I be not stupid , you know . " " you be do a really good impression of it , " Harry snap . " yeah ? " say Ron , and there be no trace of a grin , force or otherwise , on his face now . " you want to get to bed , Harry . I expect you will need to be up early tomorrow for a photo-call or something . " he wrench the hanging shut around his four-poster , leave Harry stand there by the door , stare at the dark red velvet curtain , now hide one of the few people he have be sure would believe him . Chapter @card@ The Weighing of the Wands when Harry wake up on Sunday morning , it take him a moment to remember why he feel so miserable and worried . then the memory of the previous night roll over him . he sit up and rip back the curtain of his own four-poster , intend to talk to Ron , to force Ron to believe him -- only to find that Ron 's bed be empty ; he have obviously go down to breakfast . Harry dress and go down the spiral staircase into the common room . the moment he appear , the people who have already finish breakfast break into applause again . the prospect of go down into the Great Hall and face the rest of the Gryffindors , all treat him like some sort of hero , be not invite ; it be that , however , or stay here and allow himself to be corner by the Creevey brother , who be both beckon frantically to him to join them . he walk resolutely over to the portrait hole , push it open , climb out of it , and find himself face-to-face with Hermione . " hello , " she say , hold up a stack of toast , which she be carry in a napkin . " I bring you this ... Want to go for a walk ? " " good idea , " say Harry gratefully . they go downstairs , cross the entrance hall quickly without look in at the Great Hall , and be soon stride across the lawn toward the lake , where the Durmstrang ship be moor , reflect blackly in the water . it be a chilly morning , and they keep move , munch their toast , as Harry tell Hermione exactly what have happen after he have leave the Gryffindor table the night before . to his immense relief , Hermione accept his story without question . " well , of course I know you have n't enter yourself , " she say when he will finished tell her about the scene in the chamber off the Hall . " the look on your face when Dumbledore read out your name ! but the question be , who do put it in ? because Moody 's right , Harry ... I do n't think any student could have do it ... they will never be able to fool the Goblet , or get over Dumbledore 's -- " " have you see Ron ? " Harry interrupt . Hermione hesitate . " erm ... yes ... he be at breakfast , " she say . " do he still think I enter myself ? " " well ... no , I do n't think so ... not really , " say Hermione awkwardly . " what be that suppose to mean , ' not really ' ? " " oh Harry , be n't it obvious ? " Hermione say despairingly . " he be jealous ! " " jealous ? " Harry say incredulously . " jealous of what ? he want to make a prat of himself in front of the whole school , do he ? " " look , " say Hermione patiently , " it be always you who get all the attention , you know it be . I know it be not your fault , " she add quickly , see Harry open his mouth furiously . " I know you do n't ask for it ... but -- well -- you know , Ron 's get all those brother to compete against at home , and you be his good friend , and you be really famous -- he be always shunt to one side whenever people see you , and he put up with it , and he never mention it , but I suppose this be just one time too many ... " " Great , " say Harry bitterly . " really great . tell him from me I will swap any time he want . tell him from me he be welcome to it ... people gawp at my forehead everywhere I go ... " " I be not tell him anything , " Hermione say shortly . " tell him yourself . it be the only way to sort this out . " " I be not run around after him try to make him grow up ! " Harry say , so loudly that several owl in a nearby tree take flight in alarm . " maybe he will believe I be not enjoy myself once I have get my neck break or -- " " that be not funny , " say Hermione quietly . " that be not funny at all . " she look extremely anxious . " Harry , I have be think -- you know what we have get to do , do n't you ? straight away , the moment we get back to the castle ? " " yeah , give Ron a good kick up the -- " " write to Sirius . you have get to tell him what be happen . he ask you to keep him post on everything that be go on at Hogwarts ... it be almost as if he expect something like this to happen . I bring some parchment and a quill out with me -- " " come off it , " say Harry , look around to check that they could n't be overhear , but the ground be quite desert . " he come back to the country just because my scar twinge . he will probably come burst right into the castle if I tell him someone have enter me in the Triwizard tournament -- " " he will want you to tell him , " say Hermione sternly . " he be go to find out anyway -- " " how ? " " Harry , this be n't go to be keep quiet , " say Hermione , very seriously . " this tournament 's famous , and you be famous . I will be really surprise if there be n't anything in the Daily Prophet about you compete ... you be already in half the book about You-Know-Who , you know ... and Sirius would rather hear it from you , I know he would . " " okay , okay , I will write to him , " say Harry , throw his last piece of toast into the lake . they both stand and watch it float there for a moment , before a large tentacle rise out of the water and scoop it beneath the surface . then they return to the castle . " whose owl be I go to use ? " Harry say as they climb the stair . " he tell me not to use Hedwig again . " " ask Ron if you can borrow -- " " I be not ask Ron for anything , " Harry say flatly . " well , borrow one of the school owl , then , anyone can use them , " say Hermione . they go up to the Owlery Hermione give Harry a piece of parchment , a quill , and a bottle of ink , then stroll around the long line of perch , look at all the different owl , while Harry sit down against a wall and write his letter . Dear Sirius , you tell me to keep you post on what be happen at Hogwarts , so here go -- I do n't know if you have hear , but the Tri-wizard Tournament be happen this year and on Saturday night I get pick as a fourth champion . I do n't know who put my name in the Goblet of Fire , because I do n't . the other Hogwarts champion be Cedric Diggory , from Hufflepuff . he pause at this point , think . he have an urge to say something about the large weight of anxiety that seem to have settle inside his chest since last night , but he could n't think how to translate this into word , so he simply dip his quill back into the ink bottle and write , Hope you be okay , and Buckbeak -- Harry " Finished , " he tell Hermione , get to his foot and brush straw off his robe . at this , Hedwig come flutter down onto his shoulder and hold out her leg . " I ca n't use you , " Harry tell her , look around for the school owl . " I have get to use one of these ... " Hedwig give a very loud hoot and take off so suddenly that her talon cut into his shoulder . she keep her back to Harry all the time he be tie his letter to the leg of a large barn owl . when the barn owl have flow off , Harry reach out to stroke Hedwig , but she click her beak furiously and soar up into the rafter out of reach . " First Ron , then you , " say Harry angrily . " this be n't my fault . " if Harry have think that matter would improve once everyone get use to the idea of him be champion , the follow day show him how mistaken he be . he could no longer avoid the rest of the school once he be back at lesson -- and it be clear that the rest of the school , just like the Gryffindors , think Harry have enter himself for the tournament . unlike the Gryffindors , however , they do not seem impress . the Hufflepuffs , who be usually on excellent term with the Gryffindors , have turn remarkably cold toward the whole lot of them . one Herbology lesson be enough to demonstrate this . it be plain that the Hufflepuffs feel that Harry have steal their champion 's glory ; a feeling exacerbate , perhaps , by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely get any glory , and that Cedric be one of the few who have ever give them any , have beat Gryffindor once at Quidditch . Ernie Macmillan and Justin Finch-Fletchley , with whom Harry normally get on very well , do not talk to him even though they be repot Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray -- though they do laugh rather unpleasantly when one of the Bouncing Bulbs wriggle free from Harry 's grip and smack him hard in the face . Ron be n't talk to Harry either . Hermione sit between them , make very force conversation , but though both answer her normally , they avoid make eye contact with each other . Harry think even Professor Sprout seem distant with him -- but then , she be Head of Hufflepuff House . he would have be look forward to see Hagrid under normal circumstance , but Care of Magical Creatures mean see the Slytherins too -- the first time he would come face-to-face with them since become champion . predictably , Malfoy arrive at Hagrid 's cabin with his familiar sneer firmly in place . " ah , look , boy , it be the champion , " he say to Crabbe and Goyle the moment he get within earshot of Harry . " get your autograph book ? well get a signature now , because I doubt he be go to be around much longer ... half the Triwizard champion have die ... how long d'you reckon you be go to last , Potter ? ten minute into the first task be my bet . " Crabbe and Goyle guffaw sycophantically , but Malfoy have to stop there , because Hagrid emerge from the back of his cabin balance a teeter tower of crate , each contain a very large Blast-Ended Skrewt . to the class 's horror , Hagrid proceed to explain that the reason the skrewts have be kill one another be an excess of pent-up energy , and that the solution would be for each student to fix a leash on a skrewt and take it for a short walk . the only good thing about this plan be that it distract Malfoy completely . " take this thing for a walk ? " he repeat in disgust , stare into one of the box . " and where exactly be we suppose to fix the leash ? around the sting , the blast end , or the sucker ? " " Roun ' the middle , " say Hagrid , demonstrate . " er -- yeh might want ter put on yer dragon-hide glove , jus ' as an extra precaution , like . Harry -- you come here an ' help me with this big one ... " Hagrid 's real intention , however , be to talk to Harry away from the rest of the class . he wait until everyone else have set off with their skrewts , then turn to Harry and say , very seriously , " so -- yer competin ' , Harry . in the tournament . school champion . " " one of the champion , " Harry correct him . Hagrid 's beetle-black eye look very anxious under his wild eyebrow . " no idea who put yeh in fer it , Harry ? " " you believe I do n't do it , then ? " say Harry , conceal with difficulty the rush of gratitude he feel at Hagrid 's word . " ' Course I do , " Hagrid grunt . " Yeh say it wasn ' you , an ' I believe yeh -- an ' Dumbledore believe yer , an ' all . " " wish I know who do do it , " say Harry bitterly . the pair of them look out over the lawn ; the class be widely scatter now , and all in great difficulty . the skrewts be now over three foot long , and extremely powerful . no longer shell-less and colorless , they have develop a kind of thick , grayish , shiny armor . they look like a cross between giant scorpion and elongate crab -- but still without recognizable head or eye . they have become immensely strong and very hard to control . " look like they be havin ' fun , don ' they ? " Hagrid say happily . Harry assume he be talk about the skrewts , because his classmate certainly be n't ; every now and then , with an alarming bang , one of the skrewts ' end would explode , cause it to shoot forward several yard , and more than one person be be drag along on their stomach , try desperately to get back on their foot . " ah , I don ' know , Harry , " Hagrid sigh suddenly , look back down at him with a worried expression on his face . " school champion ... everythin ' seem ter happen ter you , doesn ' it ? " Harry do n't answer . yes , everything do seem to happen to him ... that be more or less what Hermione have say as they have walk around the lake , and that be the reason , accord to her , that Ron be no longer talk to him . the next few day be some of Harry 's bad at Hogwarts . the close he have ever come to feel like this have be during those month , in his second year , when a large part of the school have suspect him of attack his fellow student . but Ron have be on his side then . he think he could have cope with the rest of the school 's behavior if he could just have have Ron back as a friend , but he be n't go to try and persuade Ron to talk to him if Ron do n't want to . nevertheless , it be lonely with dislike pour in on him from all side . he could understand the Hufflepuffs ' attitude , even if he do n't like it ; they have their own champion to support . he expect nothing less than vicious insult from the Slytherins -- he be highly unpopular there and always have be , because he have help Gryffindor beat them so often , both at Quidditch and in the Inter-House Championship . but he have hope the Ravenclaws might have find it in their heart to support him as much as Cedric . he be wrong , however . most Ravenclaws seem to think that he have be desperate to earn himself a bit more fame by trick the goblet into accept his name . then there be the fact that Cedric look the part of a champion so much more than he do . exceptionally handsome , with his straight nose , dark hair , and gray eye , it be hard to say who be receive more admiration these day , Cedric or Viktor Krum . Harry actually see the same sixth-year girl who have be so keen to get Krum 's autograph beg Cedric to sign their school bag one lunchtime . meanwhile there be no reply from Sirius , Hedwig be refuse to come anywhere near him , Professor Trelawney be predict his death with even more certainty than usual , and he do so badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick 's class that he be give extra homework -- the only person to get any , apart from Neville . " it be really not that difficult , Harry , " Hermione try to reassure him as they leave Flitwick 's class -- she have be make object zoom across the room to her all lesson , as though she be some sort of weird magnet for board duster , wastepaper basket , and lunascopes . " you just be n't concentrate properly -- " " wonder why that be , " say Harry darkly as Cedric Diggory walk past , surround by a large group of simper girl , all of whom look at Harry as though he be a particularly large Blast-Ended Skrewt . " still -- never mind , eh ? double potion to look forward to this afternoon ... " Double potion be always a horrible experience , but these day it be nothing short of torture . be shut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins , all of whom seem determine to punish Harry as much as possible for dare to become school champion , be about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine . he have already struggle through one Friday 's worth , with Hermione sit next to him intone " ignore them , ignore them , ignore them " under her breath , and he could n't see why today should be any good . when he and Hermione arrive at Snape 's dungeon after lunch , they find the Slytherins waiting outside , each and every one of them wear a large badge on the front of his or her robe . for one wild moment Harry think they be S.P.E.W. badge -- then he see that they all bear the same message , in luminous red letter that burn brightly in the dimly light underground passage : support Cedric Diggory - the REAL Hogwarts Champion " like them , Potter ? " say Malfoy loudly as Harry approach . " and this be n't all they do -- look ! " he press his badge into his chest , and the message upon it vanish , to be replace by another one , which glow green : potter STINKS The Slytherins howl with laughter . each of them press their badge too , until the message Potter STINKS be shine brightly all around Harry . he feel the heat rise in his face and neck . " oh very funny , " Hermione say sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and her gang of Slytherin girl , who be laugh hard than anyone , " really witty . " Ron be stand against the wall with Dean and Seamus . he be n't laughing , but he be n't stick up for Harry either . " want one , Granger ? " say Malfoy , hold out a badge to Hermione . " I have get load . but do n't touch my hand , now . I have just wash it , you see ; do n't want a Mudblood slim it up . " some of the anger Harry have be feel for day and day seem to burst through a dam in his chest . he have reach for his wand before he have think what he be do . people all around them scramble out of the way , back down the corridor . " Harry ! " Hermione say warningly . " go on , then , Potter , " Malfoy say quietly , draw out his own wand . " Moody be not here to look after you now -- do it , if you have get the gut -- " for a split second , they look into each other 's eye , then , at exactly the same time , both act . " Furnunculus ! " Harry yell . " Densaugeo ! " scream Malfoy . jet of light shot from both wand , hit each other in midair , and ricochet off at angle -- Harry 's hit Goyle in the face , and Malfoy 's hit Hermione . Goyle bellow and put his hand to his nose , where great ugly boil be spring up -- Hermione , whimpering in panic , be clutch her mouth . " Hermione ! " Ron have hurry forward to see what be wrong with her ; Harry turn and see Ron drag Hermione 's hand away from her face . it be n't a pretty sight . Hermione 's front tooth -- already large than average -- be now grow at an alarming rate ; she be look more and more like a beaver as her tooth elongate , past her bottom lip , toward her chin -- panic-stricken , she feel them and let out a terrify cry . " and what be all this noise about ? " say a soft , deadly voice . Snape have arrive . the Slytherins clamor to give their explanation ; Snape point a long yellow finger at Malfoy and say , " Explain . " " Potter attack me , sir -- " " we attack each other at the same time ! " Harry shout . " - and he hit Goyle -- look -- " Snape examine Goyle , whose face now resemble something that would have be at home in a book on poisonous fungus . " hospital wing , Goyle , " Snape say calmly . " Malfoy get Hermione ! " Ron say . " look ! " he force Hermione to show Snape her tooth -- she be do her good to hide them with her hand , though this be difficult as they have now grow down past her collar . Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girl be double up with silent giggle , point at Hermione from behind Snape 's back . Snape look coldly at Hermione , then say , " I see no difference . " Hermione let out a whimper ; her eye fill with tear , she turn on her heel and run , run all the way up the corridor and out of sight . it be lucky , perhaps , that both Harry and Ron start shout at Snape at the same time ; lucky their voice echo so much in the stone corridor , for in the confused din , it be impossible for him to hear exactly what they be call him . he get the gist , however . " let be see , " he say , in his silky voice . " fifty point from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley . now get inside , or it will be a week 's worth of detention . " Harry 's ear be ring . the injustice of it make him want to curse Snape into a thousand slimy piece . he pass Snape , walk with Ron to the back of the dungeon , and slam his bag down onto the table . Ron be shake with anger too -- for a moment , it feel as though everything be back to normal between them , but then Ron turn and sit down with Dean and Seamus instead , leave Harry alone at his table . on the other side of the dungeon , Malfoy turn his back on Snape and press his badge , smirk . potter stink flash once more across the room . Harry sit there stare at Snape as the lesson begin , picture horrific thing happen to him ... if only he know how to do the Cruciatus Curse ... he will have Snape flat on his back like that spider , jerk and twitch ... " antidote ! " say Snape , look around at them all , his cold black eye glitter unpleasantly . " you should all have prepare your recipe now . I want you to brew them carefully , and then , we will be select someone on whom to test one ... " Snape 's eye meet Harry 's , and Harry know what be come . Snape be go to poison him . Harry imagine pick up his cauldron , and sprint to the front of the class , and bring it down on Snape 's greasy head - and then a knock on the dungeon door burst in on Harry 's thought . it be Colin Creevey ; he edge into the room , beam at Harry , and walk up to Snape 's desk at the front of the room . " yes ? " say Snape curtly . " please , sir , I be suppose to take Harry Potter upstairs . " Snape stare down his hooked nose at Colin , whose smile fade from his eager face . " Potter have another hour of potion to complete , " say Snape coldly . " he will come upstairs when this class be finish . " Colin go pink . " Sir -- sir , Mr. Bagman want him , " he say nervously . " all the champion have get to go , I think they want to take photograph ... " Harry would have give anything he own to have stop Colin say those last few word . he chance half a glance at Ron , but Ron be stare determinedly at the ceiling . " very well , very well , " Snape snap . " Potter , leave your thing here , I want you back down here later to test your antidote . " " please , sir -- he be get to take his thing with him , " squeak Colin . " all the champion -- " " Very well ! " say Snape . " Potter -- take your bag and get out of my sight ! " Harry swing his bag over his shoulder , get up , and head for the door . as he walk through the Slytherin desk , Potter STINKS flash at him from every direction . " it be amazing , be n't it , Harry ? " say Colin , start to speak the moment Harry have close the dungeon door behind him . " be n't it , though ? you be champion ? " " yeah , really amazing , " say Harry heavily as they set off toward the step into the entrance hall . " what do they want photo for , Colin ? " " the Daily Prophet , I think ! " " great , " say Harry dully . " exactly what I need . more publicity . " " good luck ! " say Colin when they have reach the right room . Harry knock on the door and enter . he be in a fairly small classroom ; most of the desk have be push away to the back of the room , leave a large space in the middle ; three of them , however , have be place end-to-end in front of the blackboard and cover with a long length of velvet . five chair have be set behind the velvet-covered desk , and Ludo Bagman be sit in one of them , talk to a witch Harry have never see before , who be wear magenta robe . Viktor Krum be stand moodily in a corner as usual and not talk to anybody . Cedric and Fleur be in conversation . Fleur look a good deal happy than Harry have see her so far ; she keep throw back her head so that her long silvery hair catch the light . a paunchy man , hold a large black camera that be smoke slightly , be watch Fleur out of the corner of his eye . bagman suddenly spot Harry , get up quickly , and bound forward . " ah , here he be ! champion number four ! in you come , Harry , in you come ... nothing to worry about , it be just the wand weigh ceremony , the rest of the judge will be here in a moment -- " " Wand weigh ? " Harry repeat nervously . " we have to check that your wand be fully functional , no problem , you know , as they be your most important tool in the task ahead , " say Bagman . " the expert 's upstairs now with Dumbledore . and then there be go to be a little photo shoot . this be Rita Skeeter , " he add , gesture toward the witch in magenta robe . " she be do a small piece on the tournament for the Daily Prophet ... " " maybe not that small , Ludo , " say Rita Skeeter , her eye on Harry . her hair be set in elaborate and curiously rigid curl that contrast oddly with her heavy-jawed face . she wear jewel spectacle . the thick finger clutch her crocodile-skin handbag end in two-inch nail , painted crimson . " I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we start ? " she say to Bagman , but still gaze fixedly at Harry . " the young champion , you know ... to add a bit of color ? " " certainly ! " cry Bagman . " that be -- if Harry have no objection ? " " er -- " say Harry . " lovely , " say Rita Skeeter , and in a second , her scarlet-taloned finger have Harry 's upper arm in a surprisingly strong grip , and she be steer him out of the room again and open a nearby door . " we do n't want to be in there with all that noise , " she say . " let be see ... ah , yes , this be nice and cozy . " it be a broom cupboard . Harry stare at her . " come along , dear -- that be right -- lovely , " say Rita Skeeter again , perch herself precariously upon an upturn bucket , push Harry down onto a cardboard box , and close the door , throw them into darkness . " let be see now ... " she unsnap her crocodile-skin handbag and pull out a handful of candle , which she light with a wave of her wand and magicked into midair , so that they could see what they be do . " you wo n't mind , Harry , if I use a Quick-Quotes Quill ? it leave me free to talk to you normally ... " " a what ? " say Harry . Rita Skeeter 's smile widen . Harry count three gold tooth . she reach again into her crocodile bag and draw out a long acid-green quill and a roll of parchment , which she stretch out between them on a crate of Mrs. Skower 's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover . she put the tip of the green quill into her mouth , suck it for a moment with apparent relish , then place it upright on the parchment , where it stand balanced on its point , quiver slightly . " testing ... my name be Rita Skeeter , Daily Prophet reporter . " Harry look down quickly at the quill . the moment Rita Skeeter have speak , the green quill have start to scribble , skid across the parchment : attractive blonde Rita Skeeter , forty-three , whose savage quill have puncture many inflated reputation - " Lovely , " say Rita Skeeter , yet again , and she rip the top piece of parchment off , crumple it up , and stuff it into her handbag . now she lean toward Harry and say , " so , Harry ... what make you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament ? " " er -- " say Harry again , but he be distract by the quill . even though he be n't speak , it be dash across the parchment , and in its wake he could make out a fresh sentence : an ugly scar , souvenir of a tragic past , disfigure the otherwise charming face of Harry Potter , whose eye - " ignore the quill , Harry , " say Rita Skeeter firmly . reluctantly , Harry look up at her instead . " now -- why do you decide to enter the tournament , Harry ? " " I do n't , " say Harry . " I do n't know how my name get into the Goblet of Fire . I do n't put it in there . " Rita Skeeter raise one heavily pencil eyebrow . " come now , Harry , there be no need to be scare of get into trouble . we all know you should n't really have enter at all . but do n't worry about that . our reader love a rebel . " " but I do n't enter , " Harry repeat . " I do n't know who -- " " how do you feel about the task ahead ? " say Rita Skeeter . " excited ? nervous ? " " I have n't really think ... yeah , nervous , I suppose , " say Harry . his inside squirm uncomfortably as he speak . " champion have die in the past , have n't they ? " say Rita Skeeter briskly . " have you think about that at all ? " " well ... they say it be go to be a lot safe this year , " say Harry . the quill whizz across the parchment between them , back and forward as though it be skate . " of course , you have look death in the face before , have n't you ? " say Rita Skeeter , watch him closely . " how would you say that have affect you ? " " er , " say Harry , yet again . " do you think that the trauma in your past might have make you keen to prove yourself ? to live up to your name ? do you think that perhaps you be tempt to enter the Triwizard Tournament because -- " " I do n't enter , " say Harry , start to feel irritated . " can you remember your parent at all ? " say Rita Skeeter , talk over him . " no , " say Harry . " how do you think they will feel if they know you be compete in the Triwizard Tournament ? proud ? worry ? angry ? " Harry be feel really annoy now . how on earth be he to know how his parent would feel if they be alive ? he could feel Rita Skeeter watch him very intently . frown , he avoid her gaze and look down at word the quill have just write : tear fill those startling green eye as our conversation turn to the parent he can barely remember . " I have NOT get tear in my eye ! " say Harry loudly . before Rita Skeeter could say a word , the door of the broom cupboard be pull open . Harry look around , blink in the bright light . Albus Dumbledore stand there , look down at both of them , squash into the cupboard . " Dumbledore ! " cry Rita Skeeter , with every appearance of delight -- but Harry notice that her quill and the parchment have suddenly vanish from the box of Magical Mess Remover , and Rita 's claw finger be hastily snap shut the clasp of her crocodile-skin bag . " how be you ? " she say , stand up and hold out one of her large , mannish hand to Dumbledore . " I hope you see my piece over the summer about the International Confederation of Wizards ' conference ? " " enchantingly nasty , " say Dumbledore , his eye twinkling . " I particularly enjoy your description of me as an obsolete dingbat . " Rita Skeeter do n't look remotely abash . " I be just make the point that some of your idea be a little old-fashioned , Dumbledore , and that many wizard in the street -- " " I will be delight to hear the reasoning behind the rudeness , Rita , " say Dumbledore , with a courteous bow and a smile , " but I be afraid we will have to discuss the matter later . the Weighing of the Wands be about to start , and it can take place if one of our champion be hide in a broom cupboard . " very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter , Harry hurry back into the room . the other champion be now sit in chair near the door , and he sit down quickly next to Cedric , look up at the velvet-covered table , where four of the five judge be now sit -- Professor Karkaroff , Madame Maxime , Mr. Crouch , and Ludo Bagman . Rita Skeeter settle herself down in a corner ; Harry see her slip the parchment out of her bag again , spread it on her knee , suck the end of the Quick-Quotes Quill , and place it once more on the parchment . " may I introduce Mr. Ollivander ? " say Dumbledore , take his place at the judge ' table and talk to the champion . " he will be check your wand to ensure that they be in good condition before the tournament . " Harry look around , and with a jolt of surprise see an old wizard with large , pale eye stand quietly by the window . Harry have meet Mr. Ollivander before -- he be the wand-maker from whom Harry have buy his own wand over three year ago in Diagon Alley . " Mademoiselle Delacour , could we have you first , please ? " say Mr. Ollivander , step into the empty space in the middle of the room . Fleur Delacour sweep over to Mr. Ollivander and hand him her wand . " hmmm ... " he say . he twirl the wand between his long finger like a baton and it emit a number of pink and gold spark . then he hold it close to his eye and examine it carefully . " yes , " he say quietly , " nine and a half inch ... inflexible ... rosewood ... and contain ... dear me ... " " An ' air from ze ' ead of a veela , " say Fleur . " one of my grandmuzzer 's . " so Fleur be part veela , think Harry , make a mental note to tell Ron ... then he remember that Ron be n't speak to him . " yes , " say Mr. Ollivander , " yes , I have never use veela hair myself , of course . I find it make for rather temperamental wand ... however , to each his own , and if this suit you ... " Mr. Ollivander run his finger along the wand , apparently check for scratch or bump ; then he mutter , " Orchideous ! " and a bunch of flower burst from the wand tip . " very well , very well , it be in fine work order , " say Mr. Ollivander , scoop up the flower and hand them to Fleur with her wand . " Mr. Diggory , you next . " Fleur glide back to her seat , smile at Cedric as he pass her . " ah , now , this be one of mine , be n't it ? " say Mr. Ollivander , with much more enthusiasm , as Cedric hand over his wand . " yes , I remember it well . contain a single hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn ... must have be seventeen hand ; nearly gore me with his horn after I pluck his tail . Twelve and a quarter inch ... ash ... pleasantly springy . it be in fine condition ... you treat it regularly ? " " polish it last night , " say Cedric , grin . Harry look down at his own wand . he could see finger mark all over it . he gather a fistful of robe from his knee and try to rub it clean surreptitiously . several gold spark shoot out of the end of it . Fleur Delacour give him a very patronizing look , and he desist . Mr. Ollivander send a stream of silver smoke ring across the room from the tip of Cedric 's wand , pronounce himself satisfy , and then say , " Mr. Krum , if you please . " Viktor Krum get up and slouch , round-shouldered and duck-footed , toward Mr. Ollivander . he thrust out his wand and stand scowl , with his hand in the pocket of his robe . " hmm , " say Mr. Ollivander , " this be a Gregorovitch creation , unless I be much mistake ? a fine wand-maker , though the styling be never quite what I ... however ... " he lift the wand and examine it minutely , turn it over and over before his eye . " yes ... hornbeam and dragon heartstring ? " he shoot at Krum , who nod . " rather thick than one usually see ... quite rigid ... ten and a quarter inch ... Avis ! " the hornbeam wand let off a blast like a gun , and a number of small , twitter bird fly out of the end and through the open window into the watery sunlight . " good , " say Mr. Ollivander , hand Krum back his wand . " which leave ... Mr. Potter . " Harry get to his foot and walk past Krum to Mr. Ollivander . he hand over his wand . " Aaaah , yes , " say Mr. Ollivander , his pale eye suddenly gleam . " yes , yes , yes . how well I remember . " Harry could remember too . he could remember it as though it have happen yesterday ... four summer ago , on his eleventh birthday , he have enter Mr. Ollivander 's shop with Hagrid to buy a wand . Mr. Ollivander have take his measurement and then start hand him wand to try . Harry have wave what feel like every wand in the shop , until at last he have find the one that suit him -- this one , which be make of holly , eleven inch long , and contain a single feather from the tail of a phoenix . Mr. Ollivander have be very surprise that Harry have be so compatible with this wand . " curious , " he have say , " curious , " and not until Harry ask what be curious have Mr. Ollivander explain that the phoenix feather in Harry 's wand have come from the same bird that have supply the core of Lord Voldemort 's . Harry have never share this piece of information with anybody . he be very fond of his wand , and as far as he be concern its relation to Voldemort 's wand be something it could n't help -- rather as he could n't help be relate to Aunt Petunia . however , he really hope that Mr. Ollivander be n't about to tell the room about it . he have a funny feeling Rita Skeeter 's Quick-Quotes Quill might just explode with excitement if he do . Mr. Ollivander spend much longer examine Harry 's wand than anyone else be . eventually , however , he make a fountain of wine shoot out of it , and hand it back to Harry , announce that it be still in perfect condition . " thank you all , " say Dumbledore , stand up at the judge ' table . " you may go back to your lesson now -- or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner , as they be about to end -- " feel that at last something have go right today , Harry get up to leave , but the man with the black camera jump up and clear his throat . " photo , Dumbledore , photo ! " cry Bagman excitedly . " all the judge and champion , what do you think , Rita ? " " er -- yes , let be do those first , " say Rita Skeeter , whose eye be upon Harry again . " and then perhaps some individual shot . " the photograph take a long time . Madame Maxime cast everyone else into shadow wherever she stand , and the photographer could n't stand far enough back to get her into the frame ; eventually she have to sit while everyone else stand around her . Karkaroff keep twirl his goatee around his finger to give it an extra curl ; Krum , whom Harry would have think would have be use to this sort of thing , skulk , half-hidden , at the back of the group . the photographer seem keen to get Fleur at the front , but Rita Skeeter keep hurry forward and drag Harry into great prominence . then she insist on separate shot of all the champion . at last , they be free to go . Harry go down to dinner . Hermione be n't there -- he suppose she be still in the hospital wing have her tooth fix . he eat alone at the end of the table , then return to Gryffindor Tower , think of all the extra work on Summoning Charms that he have to do . up in the dormitory , he come across Ron . " you have have an owl , " say Ron brusquely the moment he walk in . he be point at Harry 's pillow . the school barn owl be wait for him there . " oh -- right , " say Harry . " and we have get to do our detention tomorrow night , Snape 's dungeon , " say Ron . he then walk straight out of the room , not look at Harry . for a moment , Harry consider go after him -- he be n't sure whether he want to talk to him or hit him , both seem quite appealing -- but the lure of Sirius 's answer be too strong . Harry stride over to the barn owl , take the letter off its leg , and unroll it . Harry - I ca n't say everything I would like to in a letter , it be too risky in case the owl be intercept -- we need to talk face-to-face . can you ensure that you be alone by the fire in Gryffindor Tower at one o'clock in the morning on the 22nd of November ? I know good than anyone that you can look after yourself and while you be around Dumbledore and Moody I do n't think anyone will be able to hurt you . however , someone seem to be have a good try . enter you in that tournament would have be very risky , especially right under Dumbledore 's nose . be on the watch , Harry . I still want to hear about anything unusual . let me know about the 22nd of November as quickly as you can . Sirius Chapter @card@ the Hungarian horntail the prospect of talk face-to-face with Sirius be all that sustained Harry over the next fortnight , the only bright spot on a horizon that have never look dark . the shock of find himself school champion have wear off slightly now , and the fear of what be face him have start to sink in . the first task be draw steadily near ; he feel as though it be crouch ahead of him like some horrific monster , bar his path . he have never suffer nerve like these ; they be way beyond anything he have experience before a Quidditch match , not even his last one against Slytherin , which have decide who would win the Quidditch Cup . Harry be find it hard to think about the future at all ; he feel as though his whole life have be lead up to , and would finish with , the first task ... admittedly , he do n't see how Sirius be go to make him feel any well about have to perform an unknown piece of difficult and dangerous magic in front of hundred of people , but the mere sight of a friendly face would be something at the moment . Harry write back to Sirius say that he would be beside the common room fire at the time Sirius have suggest , and he and Hermione spend a long time go over plan for force any straggler out of the common room on the night in question . if the bad come to the bad , they be go to drop a bag of Dungbombs , but they hope they would n't have to resort to that -- Filch would skin them alive . in the meantime , life become even bad for Harry within the confine of the castle , for Rita Skeeter have publish her piece about the Triwizard Tournament , and it have turn out to be not so much a report on the tournament as a highly color life story of Harry . much of the front page have be give over to a picture of Harry ; the article ( continue on page two , six , and seven ) have be all about Harry , the name of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang champion ( misspell ) have be squash into the last line of the article , and Cedric have n't be mention at all . the article have appear ten day ago , and Harry still get a sick , burn feeling of shame in his stomach every time he think about it . Rita Skeeter have report him say an awful lot of thing that he could n't remember ever say in his life , let alone in that broom cupboard . I suppose I get my strength from my parent . I know they will be very proud of me if they could see me now ... Yes , sometimes at night I still cry about them , I be not ashamed to admit it ... I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament , because they be watch over me ... but Rita Skeeter have go even further than transform his " er be " into long , sickly sentence : she have interview other people about him too . Harry have at last find love at Hogwarts . his close friend , Colin Creevey , say that Harry be rarely see out of the company of one Hermione Granger , a stunningly pretty Muggle-born girl who , like Harry , be one of the top student in the school . from the moment the article have appear , Harry have have to endure people -- Slytherins , mainly -- quote it at him as he pass and make sneering comment . " want a hanky , Potter , in case you start cry in transfiguration ? " " since when have you be one of the top student in the school , Potter ? or be this a school you and Longbottom have set up together ? " " hey -- Harry ! " " yeah , that be right ! " Harry find himself shout as he wheel around in the corridor , have have just about enough . " I have just be cry my eye out over my dead mum , and I be just off to do a bit more ... " " no -- it be just -- you drop your quill . " it be Cho . Harry feel the color rise in his face . " oh -- right -- sorry , " he mutter , take the quill back . " er ... good luck on Tuesday , " she say . " I really hope you do well . " which leave Harry feel extremely stupid Hermione have come in for her fair share of unpleasantness too , but she have n't yet start yell at innocent bystander ; in fact , Harry be full of admiration for the way she be handle the situation . " stunningly pretty ? her ? " Pansy Parkinson have shriek the first time she have come face-to-face with Hermione after Rita 's article have appear . " what be she judge against -- a chipmunk ? " " ignore it , " Hermione say in a dignified voice , hold her head in the air and stalk past the snigger Slytherin girl as though she could n't hear them . " just ignore it , Harry . " but Harry could n't ignore it . Ron have n't speak to him at all since he have tell him about Snape 's detention . Harry have half hope they would make thing up during the two hour they be force to pickle rat ' brain in Snape 's dungeon , but that have be the day Rita 's article have appear , which seem to have confirm Ron 's belief that Harry be really enjoy all the attention . Hermione be furious with the pair of them ; she go from one to the other , try to force them to talk to each other , but Harry be adamant : he would talk to Ron again only if Ron admit that Harry have n't put his name in the Goblet of Fire and apologize for call him a liar . " I do n't start this , " Harry say stubbornly . " it be his problem . " " you miss him ! " Hermione say impatiently . " and I know he miss you -- " " Miss him ? " say Harry . " I do n't miss him ... " but this be a downright lie . Harry like Hermione very much , but she just be n't the same as Ron . there be much less laughter and a lot more hang around in the library when Hermione be your good friend . Harry still have n't master Summoning Charms , he seem to have develop something of a block about them , and Hermione insist that learn the theory would help . they consequently spend a lot of time pore over book during their lunchtimes . Viktor Krum be in the library an awful lot too , and Harry wonder what he be up to . be he study , or be he look for thing to help him through the first task ? Hermione often complain about Krum be there -- not that he ever bother them -- but because group of giggle girl often turn up to spy on him from behind bookshelve , and Hermione find the noise distract . " he be not even good-looking ! " she mutter angrily , glaring at Krum 's sharp profile . " they only like him because he be famous ! they would n't look twice at him if he could n't do that Wonky-Faint thing -- " " Wronski Feint , " say Harry , through grit tooth . quite apart from like to get Quidditch term correct , it cause him another pang to imagine Ron 's expression if he could have hear Hermione talking about Wonky-Faints . it be a strange thing , but when you be dread something , and would give anything to slow down time , it have a disobliging habit of speed up . the day until the first task seem to slip by as though someone have fix the clock to work at double speed . Harry 's feeling of barely control panic be with him wherever he go , as everpresent as the snide comment about the Daily Prophet article . on the Saturday before the first task , all student in the third year and above be permit to visit the village of Hogsmeade . Hermione tell Harry that it would do him good to get away from the castle for a bit , and Harry do n't need much persuasion . " what about Ron , though ? " he say . " do n't you want to go with him ? " " oh ... well ... " Hermione go slightly pink . " I think we might meet up with him in the three Broomsticks ... " " no , " say Harry flatly . " Oh Harry , this be so stupid -- " " I will come , but I be not meet Ron , and I be wear my Invisibility Cloak . " " oh all right then ... " Hermione snap , " but I hate talk to you in that cloak , I never know if I be look at you or not . " so Harry put on his Invisibility Cloak in the dormitory , go back downstairs , and together he and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade . Harry feel wonderfully free under the cloak ; he watch other student walk past them as they enter the village , most of them sport Support Cedric Diggory ! badge , but no horrible remark come his way for a change , and nobody be quote that stupid article . " people keep look at me now , " say Hermione grumpily as they come out of Honeydukes Sweetshop later , eat large cream-filled chocolate . " they think I be talk to myself . " " do n't move your lip so much then . " " come on , please just take off your cloak for a bit , no one be go to bother you here . " " oh yeah ? " say Harry . " look behind you . " Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend have just emerge from the three Broomsticks pub . talk in low voice , they pass right by Hermione without look at her . Harry back into the wall of Honeydukes to stop Rita Skeeter from hit him with her crocodile-skin handbag . when they be go , Harry say , " she be stay in the village . I bet she be come to watch the first task . " as he say it , his stomach flood with a wave of molten panic . he do n't mention this ; he and Hermione have n't discuss what be come in the first task much ; he have the feeling she do n't want to think about it . " she be go , " say Hermione , look right through Harry toward the end of the street . " why do n't we go and have a butterbeer in the three Broomsticks , it be a bit cold , be n't it ? you do n't have to talk to Ron ! " she add irritably , correctly interpret his silence . the Three Broomsticks be pack , mainly with Hogwarts student enjoy their free afternoon , but also with a variety of magical people Harry rarely see anywhere else . Harry suppose that as Hogsmeade be the only all-wizard village in Britain , it be a bit of a haven for creature like hag , who be not as adept as wizard at disguise themselves . it be very hard to move through crowd in the Invisibility Cloak , in case you accidentally tread on someone , which tend to lead to awkward question . Harry edge slowly toward a spare table in the corner while Hermione go to buy drink . on his way through the pub , Harry spot Ron , who be sit with Fred , George , and Lee Jordan . resist the urge to give Ron a good hard poke in the back of the head , he finally reach the table and sit down at it . Hermione join him a moment later and slip him a butterbeer under his cloak . " I look like such an idiot , sit here on my own , " she mutter . " Lucky I bring something to do . " and she pull out a notebook in which she have be keep a record of S.P.E.W. member . Harry see his and Ron 's name at the top of the very short list . it seem a long time ago that they have sit make up those prediction together , and Hermione have turn up and appoint them secretary and treasurer . " you know , maybe I should try and get some of the villager involve in S.P.E.W. , " Hermione say thoughtfully , look around the pub . " yeah , right , " say Harry . he take a swig of butterbeer under his cloak . " Hermione , when be you go to give up on this spew stuff ? " " when house-elves have decent wage and work condition ! " she hiss back . " you know , I be start to think it 's time for more direct action . I wonder how you get into the school kitchen ? " " no idea , ask Fred and George , " say Harry . Hermione lapse into thoughtful silence , while Harry drink his butterbeer , watch the people in the pub . all of them look cheerful and relax . Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot be swap Chocolate Frog card at a nearby table ; both of them sport Support Cedric Diggory ! badge on their cloak . right over by the door he see Cho and a large group of her Ravenclaw friend . she be n't wear a Cedric badge though ... this cheer up Harry very slightly ... what would n't he have give to be one of these people , sit around laugh and talk , with nothing to worry about but homework ? he imagine how it would have feel to be here if his name have n't come out of the Goblet of Fire . he would n't be wear the Invisibility Cloak , for one thing . Ron would be sit with him . the three of them would probably be happily imagine what deadly dangerous task the school champion would be face on Tuesday . he will have be really look forward to it , watch them do whatever it be ... cheer on Cedric with everyone else , safe in a seat at the back of the stand ... he wonder how the other champion be feel . every time he have see Cedric lately , he have be surround by admirer and look nervous but excited . Harry glimpse Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridor ; she look exactly as she always do , haughty and unruffled . and Krum just sit in the library , pore over book . Harry think of Sirius , and the tight , tense knot in his chest seem to ease slightly . he would be speak to him in just over twelve hour , for tonight be the night they be meet at the common room fire -- assume nothing go wrong , as everything else have do lately ... " look , it be Hagrid ! " say Hermione . the back of Hagrid 's enormous shaggy head -- he have mercifully abandon his bunch -- emerge over the crowd . Harry wonder why he have n't spot him at once , as Hagrid be so large , but stand up carefully , he see that Hagrid have be lean low , talk to Professor Moody . Hagrid have his usual enormous tankard in front of him , but Moody be drink from his hip flask . madam Rosmerta , the pretty landlady , do n't seem to think much of this ; she be look askance at moody as she collect glass from table around them . perhaps she think it be an insult to her mull mead , but Harry know well . Moody have tell them all during their last defense against the Dark Art lesson that he prefer to prepare his own food and drink at all time , as it be so easy for dark wizard to poison an unattended cup . as Harry watch , he see Hagrid and Moody get up to leave . he wave , then remember that Hagrid could n't see him . moody , however , pause , his magical eye on the corner where Harry be stand . he tap Hagrid in the small of the back ( be unable to reach his shoulder ) , mutter something to him , and then the pair of them make their way back across the pub toward Harry and Hermione 's table . " all right , Hermione ? " say Hagrid loudly . " hello , " say Hermione , smile back . Moody limp around the table and bend down ; Harry think he be read the S.P.E.W. notebook , until he mutter , " Nice cloak , Potter . " Harry stare at him in amazement . the large chunk miss from Moody 's nose be particularly obvious at a few inch ' distance . Moody grin . " can your eye -- I mean , can you -- ? " " yeah , it can see through Invisibility Cloaks , " Moody say quietly . " and it be come in useful at time , I can tell you . " Hagrid be beam down at Harry too . Harry know Hagrid could n't see him , but Moody have obviously tell Hagrid he be there . Hagrid now bend down on the pretext of read the S.P.E.W. notebook as well , and say in a whisper so low that only Harry could hear it , " Harry , meet me tonight at midnight at me cabin . wear that cloak . " straighten up , Hagrid say loudly , " Nice ter see Yeh , Hermione , " wink , and depart . Moody follow him . " why do Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight ? " Harry say , very surprise . " do he ? " say Hermione , look startle . " I wonder what he be up to ? I do n't know whether you should go , Harry ... " she look nervously around and hiss , " it might make you late for Sirius . " it be true that go down to Hagrid 's at midnight would mean cut his meeting with Sirius very fine indeed ; Hermione suggest send Hedwig down to Hagrid be to tell him he could n't go -- always assume she would consent to take the note , of course -- Harry , however , think it well just to be quick at whatever Hagrid want him for . he be very curious to know what this might be ; Hagrid have never ask Harry to visit him so late at night . at half past eleven that evening , Harry , who have pretend to go up to bed early , pull the Invisibility Cloak back over himself and creep back downstairs through the common room . quite a few people be still in there . the Creevey brother have manage to get hold of a stack of Support Cedric Diggory ! badge and be try to bewitch them to make them say Support Harry Potter ! instead . so far , however , all they have manage to do be get the badge stick on Potter STINKS . Harry creep past them to the portrait hole and wait for a minute or so , keep an eye on his watch . then Hermione open the Fat Lady for him from outside as they have plan . he slip past her with a whisper " thanks ! " and set off through the castle . the ground be very dark . Harry walk down the lawn toward the light shine in Hagrid 's cabin . the inside of the enormous Beauxbatons carriage be also light up ; Harry could hear Madame Maxime talk inside it as he knock on Hagrid 's front door . " you there , Harry ? " Hagrid whisper , open the door and look around . " yeah , " say Harry , slip inside the cabin and pull the cloak down off his head . " what be up ? " " get summat ter show yeh , " say Hagrid . there be an air of enormous excitement about Hagrid . he be wear a flower that resemble an oversized artichoke in his buttonhole . it look as though he have abandon the use of axle grease , but he have certainly attempt to comb his hair -- Harry could see the comb 's break tooth tangle in it . " what be you show me ? " Harry say warily , wonder if the skrewts have lay egg , or Hagrid have manage to buy another giant three-headed dog off a stranger in a pub . " come with me , keep quiet , an ' keep yerself cover with that cloak , " say Hagrid . " we win ' take Fang , he win ' like it ... " " Listen , Hagrid , I ca n't stay long ... I have get to be back up at the castle by one o'clock -- " but Hagrid be n't listen ; he be open the cabin door and stride off into the night . Harry hurry to follow and find , to his great surprise , that Hagrid be lead him to the Beauxbatons carriage . " Hagrid , what -- ? " " Shhh ! " say Hagrid , and he knock three time on the door bear the cross golden wand . Madame Maxime open it . she be wear a silk shawl wrap around her massive shoulder . she smile when she see Hagrid . " ah , ' Agrid ... it be time ? " " Bong-sewer , " say Hagrid , beam at her , and hold out a hand to help her down the golden step . Madame Maxime close the door behind her , Hagrid offer her his arm , and they set off around the edge of the paddock contain Madame Maxime 's giant wing horse , with Harry , totally bewilder , run to keep up with them . have Hagrid want to show him Madame Maxime ? he could see her any old time he want ... she be n't exactly hard to miss ... but it seem that Madame Maxime be in for the same treat as Harry , because after a while she say playfully , " Wair be it you be take me , ' Agrid ? " " Yeh will enjoy this , " say Hagrid gruffly , " worth seein ' , trust me . On'y -- don ' go tellin ' anyone I show yeh , right ? Yeh be not s'posed ter know . " " of course not , " say Madame Maxime , flutter her long black eyelash . and still they walk , Harry get more and more irritated as he jog along in their wake , check his watch every now and then . Hagrid have some harebrained scheme in hand , which might make him miss Sirius . if they do n't get there soon , he be go to turn around , go straight back to the castle , and leave Hagrid to enjoy his moonlit stroll with Madame Maxime ... but then -- when they have walk so far around the perimeter of the forest that the castle and the lake be out of sight -- Harry hear something . man be shout up ahead ... then come a deafen , earsplitting roar ... Hagrid lead Madame Maxime around a clump of tree and come to a halt . Harry hurry up alongside them -- for a split second , he think he be see bonfire , and man dart around them -- and then his mouth fall open . dragon . four fully grow , enormous , vicious-looking dragon be rear onto their hind leg inside an enclosure fence with thick plank of wood , roar and snort -- torrent of fire be shoot into the dark sky from their open , fanged mouth , fifty foot above the ground on their outstretch neck . there be a silvery-blue one with long , pointed horn , snap and snarl at the wizard on the ground ; a smooth-scaled green one , which be writhe and stamp with all its might ; a red one with an odd fringe of fine gold spike around its face , which be shoot mushroom-shaped fire cloud into the air ; and a gigantic black one , more lizard-like than the other , which be nearest to them . at least thirty wizard , seven or eight to each dragon , be attempt to control them , pull on the chain connect to heavy leather strap around their neck and leg . mesmerize , Harry look up , high above him , and see the eye of the black dragon , with vertical pupil like a cat 's , bulge with either fear or rage , he could n't tell which ... it be make a horrible noise , a yowl , screech scream ... " keep back there , Hagrid ! " yell a wizard near the fence , strain on the chain he be hold . " they can shoot fire at a range of twenty foot , you know ! I have see this horntail do forty ! " " Is'n ' it beautiful ? " say Hagrid softly . " it be no good ! " yell another wizard . " stunning Spells , on the count of three ! " Harry see each of the dragon keeper pull out his wand . " stupefy ! " they shout in unison , and the Stunning Spells shoot into the darkness like fiery rocket , burst in shower of star on the dragon ' scaly hide - Harry watch the dragon nearest to them teeter dangerously on its back leg ; its jaw stretch wide in a silent howl ; its nostril be suddenly devoid of flame , though still smoke -- then , very slowly , it fall . several ton of sinewy , scaly-black dragon hit the ground with a thud that Harry could have swear make the tree behind him quake . the dragon keeper lower their wand and walk forward to their fallen charge , each of which be the size of a small hill . they hurry to tighten the chain and fasten them securely to iron peg , which they force deep into the ground with their wand . " Wan ' a close look ? " Hagrid ask Madame Maxime excitedly . the pair of them move right up to the fence , and Harry follow . the wizard who have warn Hagrid not to come any close turn , and Harry realize who it be : Charlie Weasley . " all right , Hagrid ? " he pant , come over to talk . " they should be okay now -- we put them out with a Sleeping Draft on the way here , think it might be good for them to wake up in the dark and the quiet -- but , like you see , they be n't happy , not happy at all -- " " what breed you get here , Charlie ? " say Hagrid , gaze at the close dragon , the black one , with something close to reverence . its eye be still just open . Harry could see a strip of gleam yellow beneath its wrinkle black eyelid . " this be a Hungarian horntail , " say Charlie . " there be a common Welsh green over there , the small one -- a Swedish Short-Snout , that blue-gray -- and a Chinese Fireball , that be the red . " Charlie look around ; Madame Maxime be stroll away around the edge of the enclosure , gaze at the stun dragon . " I do n't know you be bring her , Hagrid , " Charlie say , frown . " the champion be n't suppose to know what be come -- she be bind to tell her student , be n't she ? " " jus ' think she will like ter see ' em , " shrug Hagrid , still gaze , enrapture , at the dragon . " really romantic date , Hagrid , " say Charlie , shake his head . " four ... " say Hagrid , " so it be one fer each o ' the champion , be it ? what have they gotta do -- fight ' em ? " " just get past them , I think , " say Charlie . " we will be on hand if it get nasty , Extinguishing Spells at the ready . they want nest mother , I do n't know why ... but I tell you this , I do n't envy the one who get the horntail . vicious thing . its back end be as dangerous as its front , look . " Charlie point toward the horntail 's tail , and Harry see long , bronze-colored spike protrude along it every few inch . five of Charlie 's fellow keeper stagger up to the horntail at that moment , carry a clutch of huge granite-gray egg between them in a blanket . they place them carefully at the horntail 's side . Hagrid let out a moan of longing . " I have get them count , Hagrid , " say Charlie sternly . then he say , " how be Harry ? " " fine , " say Hagrid . he be still gaze at the egg . " just hope he be still fine after he have face this lot , " say Charlie grimly , look out over the dragon ' enclosure . " I do n't dare tell Mum what he be get to do for the first task ; she be already have kitten about him ... " Charlie imitate his mother 's anxious voice . " ' how could they let him enter that tournament , he be much too young ! I think they be all safe , I think there be go to be an age limit ! ' she be in flood after that Daily Prophet article about him . ' he still cry about his parent ! oh bless him , I never know ! ' " Harry have have enough . trust to the fact that Hagrid would n't miss him , with the attraction of four dragon and Madame Maxime to occupy him , he turn silently and begin to walk away , back to the castle . he do n't know whether he be glad he have see what be come or not . perhaps this way be good . the first shock be over now . maybe if he have see the dragon for the first time on Tuesday , he would have pass out cold in front of the whole school ... but maybe he would anyway ... he be go to be arm with his wand -- which , just now , feel like nothing more than a narrow strip of wood -- against a fifty-foot-high , scaly , spike-ridden , fire-breathing dragon . and he have to get past it . with everyone watching . how ? Harry speed up , skirt the edge of the forest ; he have just under fifteen minute to get back to the fireside and talk to Sirius , and he could n't remember , ever , want to talk to someone more than he do right now -- when , without warning , he run into something very solid . Harry fall backward , his glass askew , clutch the cloak around him . a voice nearby say , " Ouch ! who be there ? " Harry hastily check that the cloak be cover him and lay very still , stare up at the dark outline of the wizard he have hit . he recognize the goatee ... it be Karkaroff . " who be there ? " say Karkaroff again , very suspiciously , look around in the darkness . Harry remain still and silent . after a minute or so , Karkaroff seem to decide that he have hit some sort of animal ; he be look around at waist height , as though expect to see a dog . then he creep back under the cover of the tree and start to edge forward toward the place where the dragon be . very slowly and very carefully , Harry get to his foot and set off again as fast as he could without make too much noise , hurry through the darkness back toward Hogwarts . he have no doubt whatsoever what Karkaroff be up to . he have sneak off his ship to try and find out what the first task be go to be . he might even have spot Hagrid and Madame Maxime head off around the forest together -- they be hardly difficult to spot at a distance ... and now all Karkaroff have to do be follow the sound of voice , and he , like Madame Maxime , would know what be in store for the champion . by the look of it , the only champion who would be face the unknown on Tuesday be Cedric . Harry reach the castle , slip in through the front door , and begin to climb the marble stair ; he be very out of breath , but he do n't dare slow down ... he have less than five minute to get up to the fire ... " Balderdash ! " he gasp at the Fat Lady , who be snooze in her frame in front of the portrait hole . " if you say so , " she mutter sleepily , without open her eye , and the picture swing forward to admit him . Harry climb inside . the common room be desert , and , judge by the fact that it smell quite normal , Hermione have not need to set off any Dungbombs to ensure that he and Sirius get privacy . Harry pull off the Invisibility Cloak and throw himself into an armchair in front of the fire . the room be in semidarkness ; the flame be the only source of light . nearby , on a table , the Support Cedric Diggory ! badge the Creeveys have be try to improve be glint in the firelight . they now read Potter REALLY STINKS . Harry look back into the flame , and jump . Sirius 's head be sit in the fire . if Harry have n't see Mr. Diggory do exactly this back in the Weasleys ' kitchen , it would have scare him out of his wit . instead , his face breaking into the first smile he have wear for day , he scramble out of his chair , crouch down by the hearth , and say , " Sirius -- how be you do ? " Sirius look different from Harry 's memory of him . when they have say good-bye , Sirius 's face have be gaunt and sunken , surround by a quantity of long , black , matted hair -- but the hair be short and clean now , Sirius 's face be full , and he look young , much more like the only photograph Harry have of him , which have be take at the Potters ' wedding . " never mind me , how be you ? " say Sirius seriously . " I be -- " for a second , Harry try to say " fine " -- but he could n't do it . before he could stop himself , he be talk more than he have talk in day -- about how no one believe he have n't enter the tournament of his own free will , how Rita Skeeter have lie about him in the Daily Prophet , how he could n't walk down a corridor without be sneer at -- and about Ron , Ron not believe him , Ron 's jealousy ... " ... and now Hagrid 's just show me what be come in the first task , and it 's dragon , Sirius , and I be a goner , " he finish desperately . Sirius look at him , eye full of concern , eye that have not yet lose the look that Azkaban have give them -- that deaden , haunted look . he have let Harry talk himself into silence without interruption , but now he say , " Dragons we can deal with , Harry , but we will get to that in a minute -- I have n't get long here ... I have break into a wizarding house to use the fire , but they could be back at any time . there be thing I need to warn you about . " " what ? " say Harry , feel his spirit slip a further few notch ... surely there could be nothing bad than dragon come ? " Karkaroff , " say Sirius . " Harry , he be a Death Eater . you know what death eater be , do n't you ? " " yes -- he -- what ? " " he be catch , he be in Azkaban with me , but he get release . I will bet everything that be why Dumbledore want an Auror at Hogwarts this year -- to keep an eye on him . Moody catch Karkaroff . put him into Azkaban in the first place . " " Karkaroff get release ? " Harry say slowly -- his brain seem to be struggle to absorb yet another piece of shocking information . " why do they release him ? " " he do a deal with the Ministry of Magic , " say Sirius bitterly . " he say he have see the error of his way , and then he name name ... he put a load of other people into Azkaban in his place ... he be not very popular in there , I can tell you . and since he get out , from what I can tell , he have be teach the dark art to every student who pass through that school of his . so watch out for the Durmstrang champion as well . " " okay , " say Harry slowly . " but ... be you say Karkaroff put my name in the goblet ? because if he do , he be a really good actor . he seem furious about it . he want to stop me from compete . " " we know he be a good actor , " say Sirius , " because he convince the Ministry of Magic to set him free , do n't he ? now , I have be keep an eye on the Daily Prophet , Harry -- " " - you and the rest of the world , " say Harry bitterly . " - and read between the line of that Skeeter woman 's article last month , Moody be attack the night before he start at Hogwarts . yes , I know she say it be another false alarm , " Sirius say hastily , see Harry about to speak , " but I do n't think so , somehow . I think someone try to stop him from get to Hogwarts . I think someone know their job would be a lot more difficult with him around . and no one be go to look into it too closely ; Mad-Eye 's hear intruder a bit too often . but that do n't mean he ca n't still spot the real thing . Moody be the well Auror the Ministry ever have . " " so ... what be you say ? " say Harry slowly . " Karkaroff be try to kill me ? but -- why ? " Sirius hesitate . " I have be hear some very strange thing , " he say slowly . " the death eater seem to be a bit more active than usual lately . they show themselves at the Quidditch World Cup , do n't they ? someone set off the Dark Mark ... and then -- do you hear about that Ministry of Magic witch who have go miss ? " " Bertha Jorkins ? " say Harry . " exactly ... she disappear in Albania , and that be definitely where Voldemort be rumor to be last ... and she would have know the Triwizard Tournament be come up , would n't she ? " " yeah , but ... it be not very likely she will have walk straight into Voldemort , be it ? " say Harry . " listen , I know Bertha Jorkins , " say Sirius grimly . " she be at Hogwarts when I be , a few year above your dad and me . and she be an idiot . very nosy , but no brain , none at all . it be not a good combination , Harry . I will say she will be very easy to lure into a trap . " so ... so Voldemort could have find out about the tournament ? " say Harry . " be that what you mean ? you think Karkaroff might be here on his order ? " " I do n't know , " say Sirius slowly , " I just do n't know ... Karkaroff do n't strike me as the type who will go back to Voldemort unless he know Voldemort be powerful enough to protect him . but whoever put your name in that goblet do it for a reason , and I ca n't help think the tournament would be a very good way to attack you and make it look like an accident . " " look like a really good plan from where I be stand , " say Harry grin bleakly . " they will just have to stand back and let the dragon do their stuff . " " right -- these dragon , " say Sirius , speak very quickly now . " there be a way , Harry . do n't be tempt to try a Stunning Spell -- dragon be strong and too powerfully magical to be knock out by a single stunner , you need about half a dozen wizard at a time to overcome a dragon -- " " Yeah , I know , I just see , " say Harry . " but you can do it alone , " say Sirius . " there be a way , and a simple spell be all you need . just -- " but Harry hold up a hand to silence him , his heart suddenly pound as though it would burst . he could hear footstep come down the spiral staircase behind him . " go ! " he hiss at Sirius . " go ! there be someone come ! " Harry scramble to his foot , hide the fire -- if someone see Sirius 's face within the wall of Hogwarts , they would raise an almighty uproar -- the Ministry would get drag in -- he , Harry , would be question about Sirius 's whereabouts - Harry hear a tiny pop ! in the fire behind him and know Sirius have go . he watch the bottom of the spiral staircase . who have decide to go for a stroll at one o'clock in the morning , and stop Sirius from tell him how to get past a dragon ? it be Ron . dress in his maroon paisley pajamas , Ron stop dead face Harry across the room , and look around . " who be you talk to ? " he say . " what be that get to do with you ? " Harry snarl . " what be you do down here at this time of night ? " " I just wonder where you -- " Ron break off , shrug . " nothing . I be go back to bed . " " just think you will come nose around , do you ? " Harry shout . he know that Ron have no idea what he have walk in on , know he have n't do it on purpose , but he do n't care -- at this moment he hate everything about Ron , right down to the several inch of bare ankle show beneath his pajama trouser . " sorry about that , " say Ron , his face redden with anger . " should have realize you do n't want to be disturb . I will let you get on with practice for your next interview in peace . " Harry seize one of the Potter REALLY STINKS badge off the table and chuck it , as hard as he could , across the room . it hit Ron on the forehead and bounce off . " there you go , " Harry say . " something for you to wear on Tuesday . you might even have a scar now , if you be lucky ... that be what you want , be n't it ? " he stride across the room toward the stair ; he half expect Ron to stop him , he would even have like Ron to throw a punch at him , but Ron just stand there in his too-small pajamas , and Harry , have storm upstairs , lie awake in bed fume for a long time afterward and do n't hear him come up to bed . Chapter @card@ the First Task Harry get up on Sunday morning and dress so inattentively that it be a while before he realize he be try to pull his hat onto his foot instead of his sock . when he will finally got all his clothes on the right part of his body , he hurry off to find Hermione , locate her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall , where she be eat breakfast with Ginny . feel too queasy to eat , Harry wait until Hermione have swallow her last spoonful of porridge , then drag her out onto the ground . there , he tell her all about the dragon , and about everything Sirius have say , while they take another long walk around the lake . alarm as she be by Sirius 's warning about Karkaroff , Hermione still think that the dragon be the more pressing problem . " Let 's just try and keep you alive until Tuesday evening , " she say desperately , " and then we can worry about Karkaroff . " they walk three time around the lake , try all the way to think of a simple spell that would subdue a dragon . nothing whatsoever occur to them , so they retire to the library instead . here , Harry pull down every book he could find on dragon , and both of them set to work search through the large pile . " ' Talon-clipping by charm ... treat scale-rot ... ' this be no good , this be for nutter like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy ... " " ' Dragons be extremely difficult to slay , owe to the ancient magic that imbue their thick hide , which none but the most powerful spell can penetrate ... ' but Sirius say a simple one would do it ... " " let be try some simple spellbooks , then , " say Harry , throw aside man who Love Dragons too much . he return to the table with a pile of spellbooks , set them down , and begin to flick through each in turn , Hermione whispering nonstop at his elbow . " well , there be Switching Spells ... but what be the point of Switching it ? unless you swap its fang for wine-gums or something that would make it less dangerous ... the trouble be , like that book say , not much be go to get through a dragon 's hide ... I will say Transfigure it , but something that big , you really have n't get a hope , I doubt even Professor McGonagall ... unless you be suppose to put the spell on yourself ? maybe to give yourself extra power ? but they be not simple spell , I mean , we have n't do any of those in class , I only know about them because I have be do O.W.L. practice paper ... " " Hermione , " Harry say , through grit tooth , " will you shut up for a bit , please ? I be try to concentrate . " but all that happen , when Hermione fall silent , be that Harry 's brain fill with a sort of blank buzz , which do n't seem to allow room for concentration . he stare hopelessly down the index of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed . instant scalping ... but dragon have no hair ... pepper breath ... that would probably increase a dragon 's firepower ... horn tongue ... just what he need , to give it an extra weapon ... " oh no , he be back again , why ca n't he read on his stupid ship ? " say Hermione irritably as Viktor Krum slouch in , cast a surly look over at the pair of them , and settle himself in a distant corner with a pile of book . " come on , Harry , we will go back to the common room ... his fan club will be here in a moment , twitter away ... " and sure enough , as they leave the library , a gang of girl tiptoe past them , one of them wear a Bulgaria scarf tie around her waist . Harry barely sleep that night . when he awake on Monday morning , he seriously consider for the first time ever just run away from Hogwarts . but as he look around the Great Hall at breakfast time , and think about what leave the castle would mean , he know he could n't do it . it be the only place he have ever be happy ... well , he suppose he must have be happy with his parent too , but he could n't remember that . somehow , the knowledge that he would rather be here and face a dragon than back on Privet Drive with Dudley be good to know ; it make him feel slightly calm . he finish his bacon with difficulty ( his throat be n't work too well ) , and as he and Hermione get up , he see Cedric Diggory leave the Hufflepuff table . Cedric still do n't know about the dragon ... the only champion who do n't , if Harry be right in think that Maxime and Karkaroff would have tell Fleur and Krum ... " Hermione , I will see you in the greenhouse , " Harry say , come to his decision as he watch Cedric leave the Hall . " go on , I will catch you up . " " Harry , you will be late , the bell be about to ring -- " " I will catch you up , okay ? " by the time Harry reach the bottom of the marble staircase , Cedric be at the top . he be with a load of sixth-year friend . Harry do n't want to talk to Cedric in front of them ; they be among those who have be quote Rita Skeeter 's article at him every time he go near them . he follow Cedric at a distance and see that he be head toward the Charms corridor . this give Harry an idea . pause at a distance from them , he pull out his wand , and take careful aim . " Diffindo ! " Cedric 's bag split . Parchment , quill , and book spill out of it onto the floor . several bottle of ink smash . " do n't bother , " say Cedric in an exasperate voice as his friend bend down to help him . " Tell Flitwick I be come , go on ... " this be exactly what Harry have be hope for . he slip his wand back into his robe , wait until Cedric 's friend have disappear into their classroom , and hurry up the corridor , which be now empty of everyone but himself and Cedric . " hi , " say Cedric , pick up a copy of a Guide to Advanced Transfiguration that be now splatter with ink . " my bag just split ... brand-new and all ... " " Cedric , " say Harry , " the first task be dragon . " " what ? " say Cedric , look up . " dragon , " say Harry , speak quickly , in case Professor Flitwick come out to see where Cedric have get to . " they have get four , one for each of us , and we have get to get past them . " Cedric stare at him . Harry see some of the panic he have be feel since Saturday night flicker in Cedric 's gray eye . " be you sure ? " Cedric say in a hush voice . " dead sure , " say Harry . " I have see them . " " but how do you find out ? we be not suppose to know ... " " never mind , " say Harry quickly -- he know Hagrid would be in trouble if he tell the truth . " but I be not the only one who know . Fleur and Krum will know by now -- Maxime and Karkaroff both see the dragon too . " Cedric straighten up , his arm full of inky quill , parchment , and book , his rip bag dangle off one shoulder . he stare at Harry , and there be a puzzle , almost suspicious look in his eye . " why be you tell me ? " he ask . Harry look at him in disbelief . he be sure Cedric would n't have ask that if he have see the dragon himself . Harry would n't have let his bad enemy face those monster unprepared -- well , perhaps Malfoy or Snape ... " it be just ... fair , be n't it ? " he say to Cedric . " we all know now ... we be on an even footing , be n't we ? " Cedric be still look at him in a slightly suspicious way when Harry hear a familiar clunk noise behind him . he turn around and see Mad-Eye Moody emerge from a nearby classroom . " come with me , Potter , " he growl . " Diggory , off you go . " Harry stare apprehensively at Moody . have he overhear them ? " er -- Professor , I be suppose to be in Herbology -- " " never mind that , Potter . in my office , please ... " Harry follow him , wonder what be go to happen to him now . what if Moody want to know how he have find out about the dragon ? would Moody go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid , or just turn Harry into a ferret ? well , it might be easy to get past a dragon if he be a ferret , Harry think dully , he will be small , much less easy to see from a height of fifty foot ... he follow moody into his office . Moody close the door behind them and turn to look at Harry , his magical eye fix upon him as well as the normal one . " that be a very decent thing you just do , Potter , " Moody say quietly . Harry do n't know what to say ; this be n't the reaction he have expect at all . " sit down , " say Moody , and Harry sit , look around . he have visit this office under two of its previous occupant . in Professor Lockhart 's day , the wall have be plaster with beaming , wink picture of Professor Lockhart himself . when Lupin have live here , you be more likely to come across a specimen of some fascinating new dark creature he have procure for them to study in class . now , however , the office be full of a number of exceptionally odd object that Harry suppose Moody have use in the day when he have be an Auror . on his desk stand what look like a large , cracked , glass spinning top ; Harry recognize it at once as a Sneakoscope , because he own one himself , though it be much small than Moody 's . in the corner on a small table stand an object that look something like an extra-squiggly , golden television aerial . it be hum slightly . what appear to be a mirror hang opposite Harry on the wall , but it be not reflect the room . shadowy figure be move around inside it , none of them clearly in focus . " like my Dark Detectors , do you ? " say Moody , who be watch Harry closely . " what be that ? " Harry ask , point at the squiggly golden aerial . " secrecy sensor . vibrate when it detect concealment and lie ... no use here , of course , too much interference -- student in every direction lie about why they have n't do their homework . be hum ever since I get here . I have to disable my Sneakoscope because it would n't stop whistle . it be extra-sensitive , pick up stuff about a mile around . of course , it could be pick up more than kid stuff , " he add in a growl . " and what be the mirror for ? " " oh that be my Foe-Glass . see them out there , skulk around ? I be not really in trouble until I see the white of their eye . that be when I open my trunk . " he let out a short , harsh laugh , and point to the large trunk under the window . it have seven keyhole in a row . Harry wonder what be in there , until Moody 's next question bring him sharply back to earth . " so ... find out about the dragon , have you ? " Harry hesitate . he have be afraid of this -- but he have n't tell Cedric , and he certainly be n't go to tell Moody , that Hagrid have break the rule . " it be all right , " say Moody , sit down and stretch out his wooden leg with a groan . " cheating be a traditional part of the Tri-wizard Tournament and always have be . " " I do n't cheat , " say Harry sharply . " it be -- a sort of accident that I find out . " Moody grin . " I be n't accuse you , laddie . I have be tell Dumbledore from the start , he can be as high-minded as he like , but you can bet old Karkaroff and Maxime wo n't be . they will have tell their champion everything they can . they want to win . they want to beat Dumbledore . they will like to prove he be only human . " Moody give another harsh laugh , and his magical eye swivel around so fast it make Harry feel queasy to watch it . " so ... get any idea how you be go to get past your dragon yet ? " say Moody . " no , " say Harry . " well , I be not go to tell you , " say Moody gruffly . " I do n't show favoritism , me . I be just go to give you some good , general advice . and the first bit be -- play to your strength . " " I have n't get any , " say Harry , before he could stop himself . " excuse me , " growl Moody , " you have get strength if I say you have get them . think now . what be you good at ? " Harry try to concentrate . what be he good at ? well , that be easy , really - " Quidditch , " he say dully , " and a fat lot of help -- " " that be right , " say Moody , stare at him very hard , his magical eye barely move at all . " you be a damn good flier from what I have hear . " " yeah , but ... " Harry stare at him . " I be not allow a broom , I have only get my wand -- " " my second piece of general advice , " say Moody loudly , interrupt him , " be to use a nice , simple spell that will enable you to get what you need . " Harry look at him blankly . what do he need ? " come on , boy ... " whisper moody . " put them together ... it be not that difficult ... " and it click . he be well at fly . he need to pass the dragon in the air . for that , he need his Firebolt . and for his Firebolt , he need - " Hermione , " Harry whisper , when he have speed into greenhouse three minute later , utter a hurried apology to Professor Sprout as he pass her . " Hermione -- I need you to help me . " " what d'you think I have be try to do , Harry ? " she whisper back , her eye round with anxiety over the top of the quiver Flutterby Bush she be prune . " Hermione , I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon . " and so they practice . they do n't have lunch , but head for a free classroom , where Harry try with all his might to make various object fly across the room toward him . he be still have problem . the book and quill keep lose heart halfway across the room and drop like stone to the floor . " concentrate , Harry , concentrate ... " " what d'you think I be try to do ? " say Harry angrily . " a great big dragon keep pop up in my head for some reason ... Okay , try again ... " he want to skip Divination to keep practice , but Hermione refuse point-blank to skive off Arithmancy , and there be no point in stay without her . he therefore have to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney , who spend half the lesson tell everyone that the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment mean that people bear in July be in great danger of sudden , violent death . " well , that be good , " say Harry loudly , his temper get the good of him , " just as long as it be not drawn-out . I do n't want to suffer . " Ron look for a moment as though he be go to laugh ; he certainly catch Harry 's eye for the first time in day , but Harry be still feel too resentful toward Ron to care . he spend the rest of the lesson try to attract small object toward him under the table with his wand . he manage to make a fly zoom straight into his hand , though he be n't entirely sure that be his prowess at Summoning Charms -- perhaps the fly be just stupid . he force down some dinner after Divination , then return to the empty classroom with Hermione , use the Invisibility Cloak to avoid the teacher . they keep practice until past midnight . they would have stay longer , but Peeves turn up and , pretend to think that Harry want thing throw at him , start chuck chair across the room . Harry and Hermione leave in a hurry before the noise attract Filch , and go back to the Gryffindor common room , which be now mercifully empty . at two o'clock in the morning , Harry stand near the fireplace , surround by heap of object : book , quill , several upturn chair , an old set of Gobstones , and Neville 's toad , Trevor . only in the last hour have Harry really get the hang of the Summoning Charm . " that be good , Harry , that be load well , " Hermione say , look exhaust but very please . " well , now we know what to do next time I ca n't manage a spell , " Harry say , throw a rune dictionary back to Hermione , so he could try again , " threaten me with a dragon . right ... " he raise his wand once more . " Accio Dictionary ! " the heavy book soar out of Hermione 's hand , fly across the room , and Harry catch it . " Harry , I really think you have get it ! " say Hermione delightedly . " just as long as it work tomorrow , " Harry say . " the Firebolt be go to be much farther away than the stuff in here , it be go to be in the castle , and I be go to be out there on the ground ... " " that do n't matter , " say Hermione firmly " just as long as you be concentrate really , really hard on it , it will come . Harry , we will well get some sleep ... you be go to need it . " Harry have be focus so hard on learn the Summoning Charm that evening that some of his blind panic have leave him . it return in full measure , however , on the follow morning . the atmosphere in the school be one of great tension and excitement . lesson be to stop at midday , give all the student time to get down to the dragon ' enclosure -- though of course , they do n't yet know what they would find there . Harry feel oddly separate from everyone around him , whether they be wish him good luck or hiss " we will have a box of tissue ready , Potter " as he pass . it be a state of nervousness so advance that he wonder whether he might n't just lose his head when they try to lead him out to his dragon , and start try to curse everyone in sight . time be behave in a more peculiar fashion than ever , rush past in great dollop , so that one moment he seem to be sit down in his first lesson , history of Magic , and the next , walk into lunch ... and then ( where have the morning go ? the last of the dragon-free hour ? ) , Professor McGonagall be hurry over to him in the Great Hall . lot of people be watch . " Potter , the champion have to come down onto the ground now ... you have to get ready for your first task . " " okay , " say Harry , stand up , his fork fall onto his plate with a clatter . " good luck , Harry , " Hermione whisper . " you will be fine ! " " yeah , " say Harry in a voice that be most unlike his own . he leave the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall . she do n't seem herself either ; in fact , she look nearly as anxious as Hermione . as she walk him down the stone step and out into the cold November afternoon , she put her hand on his shoulder . " now , do n't panic , " she say , " just keep a cool head ... we have get wizard stand by to control the situation if it get out of hand ... the main thing be just to do your good , and nobody will think any the bad of you ... be you all right ? " " yes , " Harry hear himself say . " yes , I be fine . " she be lead him toward the place where the dragon be , around the edge of the forest , but when they approach the clump of tree behind which the enclosure would be clearly visible , Harry see that a tent have be erect , its entrance face them , screen the dragon from view . " you be to go in here with the other champion , " say Professor McGonagall , in a rather shaky sort of voice , " and wait for your turn , Potter . Mr. Bagman be in there ... he will be tell you the -- the procedure ... good luck . " " thanks , " say Harry , in a flat , distant voice . she leave him at the entrance of the tent . Harry go inside . Fleur Delacour be sit in a corner on a low wooden stool . she do n't look nearly as compose as usual , but rather pale and clammy . Viktor Krum look even surly than usual , which Harry suppose be his way of show nerve . Cedric be pace up and down . when Harry enter , Cedric give him a small smile , which Harry return , feel the muscle in his face work rather hard , as though they have forget how to do it . " Harry ! Good-o ! " say Bagman happily , look around at him . " come in , come in , make yourself at home ! " bagman look somehow like a slightly overblown cartoon figure , stand amid all the pale-faced champion . he be wear his old Wasp robe again . " well , now we be all here -- time to fill you in ! " say Bagman brightly . " when the audience have assemble , I be go to be offer each of you this bag " -- he hold up a small sack of purple silk and shake it at them -- " from which you will each select a small model of the thing you be about to face ! there be different -- er -- variety , you see . and I have to tell you something else too ... ah , yes ... your task be to collect the golden egg ! " Harry glance around . Cedric have nod once , to show that he understand Bagman 's word , and then start pace around the tent again ; he look slightly green . Fleur Delacour and Krum have n't react at all . perhaps they think they might be sick if they open their mouth ; that be certainly how Harry feel . but they , at least , have volunteer for this ... and in no time at all , hundred upon hundred of pair of foot could be hear pass the tent , their owner talk excitedly , laugh , joke ... Harry feel as separate from the crowd as though they be a different species . and then -- it seem like about a second later to Harry -- Bagman be open the neck of the purple silk sack . " lady first , " he say , offer it to Fleur Delacour . she put a shake hand inside the bag and draw out a tiny , perfect model of a dragon -- a Welsh Green . it have the number two around its neck . and Harry know , by the fact that Fleur show no sign of surprise , but rather a determine resignation , that he have be right : Madame Maxime have tell her what be come . the same hold true for Krum . he pull out the scarlet Chinese fireball . it have a number three around its neck . he do n't even blink , just sit back down and stare at the ground . Cedric put his hand into the bag , and out come the blueish-gray Swedish Short-Snout , the number one tie around its neck . know what be leave , Harry put his hand into the silk bag and pull out the Hungarian horntail , and the number four . it stretch its wing as he look down at it , and bare its minuscule fang . " well , there you be ! " say Bagman . " you have each pull out the dragon you will face , and the number refer to the order in which you be to take on the dragon , do you see ? now , I be go to have to leave you in a moment , because I be commentate . Mr. Diggory , you be first , just go out into the enclosure when you hear a whistle , all right ? now ... Harry ... could I have a quick word ? Outside ? " " er ... yes , " say Harry blankly , and he get up and go out of the tent with Bagman , who walk him a short distance away , into the tree , and then turn to him with a fatherly expression on his face . " feel all right , Harry ? anything I can get you ? " " what ? " say Harry . " I -- no , nothing . " " get a plan ? " say Bagman , lower his voice conspiratorially . " because I do n't mind share a few pointer , if you will like them , you know . I mean , " Bagman continue , lower his voice still further , " you be the underdog here , Harry ... Anything I can do to help ... " " no , " say Harry so quickly he know he have sound rude , " no -- I -- I know what I be go to do , thanks . " " nobody would know , Harry , " say Bagman , wink at him . " no , I be fine , " say Harry , wonder why he keep tell people this , and wonder whether he have ever be less fine . " I have get a plan work out , I -- " a whistle have blow somewhere . " good lord , I have get to run ! " say Bagman in alarm , and he hurry off . Harry walk back to the tent and see Cedric emerge from it , green than ever . Harry try to wish him luck as he walk past , but all that come out of his mouth be a sort of hoarse grunt . Harry go back inside to Fleur and Krum . second later , they hear the roar of the crowd , which mean Cedric have enter the enclosure and be now face-to-face with the live counterpart of his model ... it be worse than Harry could ever have imagine , sit there and listen . the crowd scream ... yell ... gasp like a single many-headed entity , as Cedric do whatever he be do to get past the Swedish Short-Snout . Krum be still stare at the ground . Fleur have now take to retrace Cedric 's step , around and around the tent . and Bagman 's commentary make everything much , much bad ... horrible picture form in Harry 's mind as he hear : " Oooh , narrow miss there , very narrow " ... " he be take risk , this one ! " ... " Clever move -- pity it do n't work ! " and then , after about fifteen minute , Harry hear the deafen roar that could mean only one thing : Cedric have get past his dragon and capture the golden egg . " very good indeed ! " bagman be shout . " and now the mark from the judge ! " but he do n't shout out the mark ; Harry suppose the judge be hold them up and show them to the crowd . " one down , three to go ! " bagman yell as the whistle blow again . " Miss Delacour , if you please ! " Fleur be tremble from head to foot ; Harry feel more warmly toward her than he have do so far as she leave the tent with her head hold high and her hand clutch her wand . he and Krum be leave alone , at opposite side of the tent , avoid each other 's gaze . the same process start again ... " oh I be not sure that be wise ! " they could hear Bagman shout gleefully . " oh ... nearly ! careful now ... good lord , I think she have have it then ! " ten minute later , Harry hear the crowd erupt into applause once more ... Fleur must have be successful too . a pause , while Fleur 's mark be be show ... more clap ... then , for the third time , the whistle . " and here come Mr. Krum ! " cry Bagman , and Krum slouch out , leave Harry quite alone . he feel much more aware of his body than usual ; very aware of the way his heart be pump fast , and his finger tingle with fear ... yet at the same time , he seem to be outside himself , see the wall of the tent , and hear the crowd , as though from far away ... " Very daring ! " bagman be yell , and Harry hear the Chinese fireball emit a horrible , roar shriek , while the crowd draw its collective breath . " that be some nerve he be show -- and -- yes , he have get the egg ! " applause shatter the wintery air like break glass ; Krum have finish -- it would be Harry 's turn any moment . he stand up , notice dimly that his leg seem to be make of marshmallow . he wait . and then he hear the whistle blow . he walk out through the entrance of the tent , the panic rise into a crescendo inside him . and now he be walk past the tree , through a gap in the enclosure fence . he see everything in front of him as though it be a very highly color dream . there be hundred and hundred of face stare down at him from stand that have be magicked there since he have last stand on this spot . and there be the horntail , at the other end of the enclosure , crouch low over her clutch of egg , her wing half-furled , her evil , yellow eye upon him , a monstrous , scaly , black lizard , thrash her spiked tail , leave yard-long gouge mark in the hard ground . the crowd be make a great deal of noise , but whether friendly or not , Harry do n't know or care . it be time to do what he have to do ... to focus his mind , entirely and absolutely , upon the thing that be his only chance ... he raise his wand . " Accio Firebolt ! " he shout . Harry wait , every fiber of him hope , pray ... if it have n't work ... if it be n't come ... he seem to be look at everything around him through some sort of shimmer , transparent barrier , like a heat haze , which make the enclosure and the hundred of face around him swim strangely ... and then he hear it , speed through the air behind him ; he turn and see his Firebolt hurtle toward him around the edge of the wood , soar into the enclosure , and stop dead in midair beside him , wait for him to mount . the crowd be make even more noise ... Bagman be shout something ... but Harry 's ear be not work properly anymore ... listen be n't important ... he swing his leg over the broom and kick off from the ground . and a second later , something miraculous happen ... as he soar upward , as the wind rush through his hair , as the crowd 's face become mere flesh-colored pinprick below , and the horntail shrink to the size of a dog , he realize that he have leave not only the ground behind , but also his fear ... he be back where he belong ... this be just another Quidditch match , that be all ... just another Quidditch match , and that Horntail be just another ugly opposing team ... he look down at the clutch of egg and spot the gold one , gleam against its cement-colored fellow , reside safely between the dragon 's front leg . " okay , " Harry tell himself , " diversionary tactic ... let be go ... " he dive . the horntail 's head follow him ; he know what it be go to do and pull out of the dive just in time ; a jet of fire have be release exactly where he would have be have he not swerve away ... but Harry do n't care ... that be no more than dodge a Bludger ... " Great Scott , he can fly ! " yell Bagman as the crowd shriek and gasp . " be you watch this , Mr. Krum ? " Harry soar high in a circle ; the horntail be still follow his progress ; its head revolve on its long neck -- if he keep this up , it would be nicely dizzy -- but well not push it too long , or it would be breathe fire again - Harry plummet just as the Horntail open its mouth , but this time he be less lucky -- he miss the flame , but the tail come whip up to meet him instead , and as he swerve to the left , one of the long spike graze his shoulder , rip his robe - he could feel it stinging , he could hear scream and groan from the crowd , but the cut do n't seem to be deep ... now he zoom around the back of the horntail , and a possibility occur to him ... the horntail do n't seem to want to take off , she be too protective of her egg . though she writhe and twist , furl and unfurl her wing and keep those fearsome yellow eye on Harry , she be afraid to move too far from them ... but he have to persuade her to do it , or he will never get near them ... the trick be to do it carefully , gradually ... he begin to fly , first this way , then the other , not near enough to make her breathe fire to stave him off , but still pose a sufficient threat to ensure she keep her eye on him . her head sway this way and that , watch him out of those vertical pupil , her fang bare ... he fly high . the horntail 's head rise with him , her neck now stretch to its full extent , still sway , like a snake before its charmer ... Harry rise a few more foot , and she let out a roar of exasperation . he be like a fly to her , a fly she be long to swat ; her tail thrash again , but he be too high to reach now ... she shoot fire into the air , which he dodge ... her jaw open wide ... " come on , " Harry hiss , swerve tantalizingly above her , " come on , come and get me ... up you get now ... " and then she rear , spread her great , black , leathery wing at last , as wide as those of a small airplane -- and Harry dive . before the dragon know what he have do , or where he have disappear to , he be speed toward the ground as fast as he could go , toward the egg now unprotected by her claw front leg -- he have take his hand off his Firebolt -- he have seize the golden egg - and with a huge spurt of speed , he be off , he be soar out over the stand , the heavy egg safely under his uninjured arm , and it be as though somebody have just turn the volume back up -- for the first time , he become properly aware of the noise of the crowd , which be scream and applaud as loudly as the Irish supporter at the World Cup - " look at that ! " bagman be yell . " will you look at that ! our young champion be quick to get his egg ! well , this be go to shorten the odd on Mr. Potter ! " Harry see the dragon keeper rush forward to subdue the horntail , and , over at the entrance to the enclosure , Professor McGonagall , Professor Moody , and Hagrid hurry to meet him , all of them wave him toward them , their smile evident even from this distance . he fly back over the stand , the noise of the crowd pound his eardrum , and come in smoothly to land , his heart lighter than it have be in week ... he have get through the first task , he have survive ... " that be excellent , Potter ! " cry Professor McGonagall as he get off the Firebolt -- which from her be extravagant praise . he notice that her hand shake as she point at his shoulder . " you will need to see Madam Pomfrey before the judge give out your score ... over there , she have have to mop up Diggory already ... " " Yeh do it , Harry ! " say Hagrid hoarsely . " Yeh do it ! an ' agains ' the horntail an ' all , an ' yeh know Charlie say that be the wors ' -- " " thanks , Hagrid , " say Harry loudly , so that Hagrid would n't blunder on and reveal that he have show Harry the dragon beforehand . Professor Moody look very pleased too ; his magical eye be dance in its socket . " nice and easy do the trick , Potter , " he growl . " right then , Potter , the first aid tent , please ... " say Professor McGonagall . Harry walk out of the enclosure , still pant , and see Madam Pomfrey standing at the mouth of a second tent , look worry . " dragon ! " she say , in a disgusted tone , pull Harry inside . the tent be divide into cubicle ; he could make out Cedric 's shadow through the canvas , but Cedric do n't seem to be badly injure ; he be sit up , at least . madam Pomfrey examine Harry 's shoulder , talk furiously all the while . " last year dementors , this year dragon , what be they go to bring into this school next ? you be very lucky ... this be quite shallow ... it will need clean before I heal it up , though ... " she clean the cut with a dab of some purple liquid that smoke and sting , but then poke his shoulder with her wand , and he feel it heal instantly . " now , just sit quietly for a minute -- sit ! and then you can go and get your score . " she bustle out of the tent and he hear her go next door and say , " how do it feel now , Diggory ? " Harry do n't want to sit still : he be too full of adrenaline . he get to his foot , want to see what be go on outside , but before he have reach the mouth of the tent , two people have come dart inside -- Hermione , follow closely by Ron . " Harry , you be brilliant ! " Hermione say squeakily . there be fingernail mark on her face where she have be clutch it in fear . " you be amazing ! you really be ! " but Harry be look at Ron , who be very white and stare at Harry as though he be a ghost . " Harry , " he say , very seriously , " whoever put your name in that goblet -- I -- I reckon they be try to do you in ! " it be as though the last few week have never happen -- as though Harry be meet Ron for the first time , right after he have be make champion . " catch on , have you ? " say Harry coldly . " take you long enough . " Hermione stand nervously between them , look from one to the other . Ron open his mouth uncertainly . Harry know Ron be about to apologize and suddenly he find he do n't need to hear it . " it be okay , " he say , before Ron could get the word out . " forget it . " " no , " say Ron , " I should n't have -- " " forget it , " Harry say . Ron grin nervously at him , and Harry grin back . Hermione burst into tear . " there be nothing to cry about ! " Harry tell her , bewilder . " you two be so stupid ! " she shout , stamp her foot on the ground , tear splash down her front . then , before either of them could stop her , she have give both of them a hug and dash away , now positively howl . " bark mad , " say Ron , shake his head . " Harry , c'mon , they will be put up your score ... " Picking up the golden egg and his Firebolt , feel more elate than he would have believe possible an hour ago , Harry duck out of the tent , Ron by his side , talk fast . " you be the good , you know , no competition . Cedric do this weird thing where he transfigure a rock on the ground ... turn it into a dog ... he be try to make the dragon go for the dog instead of him . well , it be a pretty cool bit of transfiguration , and it sort of work , because he do get the egg , but he get burn as well -- the dragon change its mind halfway through and decide it would rather have him than the Labrador ; he only just get away . and that Fleur girl try this sort of charm , I think she be try to put it into a trance -- well , that kind of work too , it go all sleepy , but then it snore , and this great jet of flame shoot out , and her skirt catch fire -- she put it out with a bit of water out of her wand . and Krum -- you wo n't believe this , but he do n't even think of fly ! he be probably the good after you , though . hit it with some sort of spell right in the eye . only thing be , it go trample around in agony and squash half the real egg -- they take mark off for that , he be n't suppose to do any damage to them . " Ron draw breath as he and Harry reach the edge of the enclosure . now that the horntail have be take away , Harry could see where the five judge be sit -- right at the other end , in raise seat drape in gold . " it be mark out of ten from each one , " Ron say , and Harry , squint up the field , see the first judge -- Madame Maxime -- raise her wand in the air . what look like a long silver ribbon shoot out of it , which twist itself into a large figure eight . " not bad ! " say Ron as the crowd applaud . " I suppose she take mark off for your shoulder ... " Mr. Crouch come next . he shoot a number nine into the air . " look good ! " Ron yell , thump Harry on the back . next , Dumbledore . he too put up a nine . the crowd be cheer harder than ever . ludo Bagman -- ten . " ten ? " say Harry in disbelief . " but ... I get hurt ... what be he play at ? " " Harry , do n't complain ! " Ron yell excitedly . and now Karkaroff raise his wand . he pause for a moment , and then a number shoot out of his wand too -- four . " what ? " Ron bellow furiously . " four ? you lousy , bias scumbag , you give Krum ten ! " but Harry do n't care , he would n't have care if Karkaroff have give him zero ; Ron 's indignation on his behalf be worth about a hundred point to him . he do n't tell Ron this , of course , but his heart feel light than air as he turn to leave the enclosure . and it be n't just Ron ... those be n't only Gryffindors cheer in the crowd . when it have come to it , when they have see what he be face , most of the school have be on his side as well as Cedric 's ... he do n't care about the Slytherins , he could stand whatever they throw at him now . " you be tie in first place , Harry ! you and Krum ! " say Charlie Weasley , hurry to meet them as they set off back toward the school . " listen , I have get to run , I have get to go and send Mum an owl , I swear I will tell her what happen -- but that be unbelievable ! oh yeah -- and they tell me to tell you you have get to hang around for a few more minute ... Bagman want a word , back in the champion ' tent . " Ron say he would wait , so Harry reenter the tent , which somehow look quite different now : friendly and welcome . he think back to how he have feel while dodge the horntail , and compare it to the long wait before he have walk out to face it ... there be no comparison ; the wait have be immeasurably bad . Fleur , Cedric , and Krum all come in together . one side of Cedric 's face be cover in a thick orange paste , which be presumably mend his burn . he grin at Harry when he see him . " good one , Harry . " " and you , " say Harry , grin back . " well do , all of you ! " say Ludo Bagman , bounce into the tent and look as please as though he personally have just get past a dragon . " now , just a quick few word . you have get a nice long break before the second task , which will take place at half past nine on the morning of February the twenty-fourth -- but we be give you something to think about in the meantime ! if you look down at those golden egg you be all holding , you will see that they open ... see the hinge there ? you need to solve the clue inside the egg -- because it will tell you what the second task be , and enable you to prepare for it ! all clear ? sure ? well , off you go , then ! " Harry leave the tent , rejoin Ron , and they start to walk back around the edge of the forest , talk hard ; Harry want to hear what the other champion have do in more detail . then , as they round the clump of tree behind which Harry have first hear the dragon roar , a witch leap out from behind them . it be Rita Skeeter . she be wear acid-green robe today ; the Quick-Quotes Quill in her hand blend perfectly against them . " congratulation , Harry ! " she say , beam at him . " I wonder if you could give me a quick word ? how you feel face that dragon ? how you feel now , about the fairness of the score ? " " yeah , you can have a word , " say Harry savagely . " Good-bye . " and he set off back to the castle with Ron . Chapter @card@ the House-Elf Liberation Front Harry , Ron , and Hermione go up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon , so that Harry could send Sirius a letter tell him that he have manage to get past his dragon unscathed . on the way , Harry fill Ron in on everything Sirius have tell him about Karkaroff . though shock at first to hear that Karkaroff have be a Death Eater , by the time they enter the Owlery Ron be say that they ought to have suspect it all along . " fit , do n't it ? " he say . " remember what Malfoy say on the train , about his dad being friend with Karkaroff ? now we know where they know each other . they be probably run around in mask together at the World Cup ... I will tell you one thing , though , Harry , if it be Karkaroff who put your name in the goblet , he be go to be feel really stupid now , be n't he ? do n't work , do it ? you only get a scratch ! come here -- I will do it -- " Pigwidgeon be so overexcited at the idea of a delivery he be fly around and around Harry 's head , hoot incessantly . Ron snatch Pigwidgeon out of the air and hold him still while Harry attach the letter to his leg . " there be no way any of the other task be go to be that dangerous , how could they be ? " Ron go on as he carry Pigwidgeon to the window . " you know what ? I reckon you could win this tournament , Harry , I be serious . " Harry know that Ron be only say this to make up for his behavior of the last few week , but he appreciate it all the same . Hermione , however , lean against the Owlery wall , fold her arm , and frown at Ron . " Harry 's get a long way to go before he finish this tournament , " she say seriously . " if that be the first task , I hate to think what be come next . " " right little ray of sunshine , be n't you ? " say Ron . " you and Professor Trelawney should get together sometime . " he throw Pigwidgeon out of the window . Pigwidgeon plummet twelve foot before manage to pull himself back up again ; the letter attach to his leg be much long and heavy than usual -- Harry have n't be able to resist give Sirius a blow-by-blow account of exactly how he have swerve , circle , and dodge the horntail . they watch Pigwidgeon disappear into the darkness , and then Ron say , " well , we will well get downstairs for your surprise party , Harry -- Fred and George should have nick enough food from the kitchen by now . " sure enough , when they enter the Gryffindor common room it explode with cheer and yell again . there be mountain of cake and flagon of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface ; Lee Jordan have let off some Filibuster 's Fireworks , so that the air be thick with star and spark ; and Dean Thomas , who be very good at drawing , have put up some impressive new banner , most of which depict Harry zoom around the horntail 's head on his Firebolt , though a couple show Cedric with his head on fire . Harry help himself to food ; he have almost forget what it be like to feel properly hungry , and sit down with Ron and Hermione . he could n't believe how happy he feel ; he have Ron back on his side , he have get through the first task , and he would n't have to face the second one for three month . " Blimey , this be heavy , " say Lee Jordan , pick up the golden egg , which Harry have leave on a table , and weigh it in his hand . " open it , Harry , go on ! Let 's just see what be inside it ! " " he be suppose to work out the clue on his own , " Hermione say swiftly . " it be in the tournament rule ... " " I be suppose to work out how to get past the dragon on my own too , " Harry mutter , so only Hermione could hear him , and she grin rather guiltily . " yeah , go on , Harry , open it ! " several people echo . Lee pass Harry the egg , and Harry dig his fingernail into the groove that run all the way around it and prise it open . it be hollow and completely empty -- but the moment Harry open it , the most horrible noise , a loud and screechy wail , fill the room . the near thing to it Harry have ever hear be the ghost orchestra at nearly Headless Nick 's deathday party , who have all be play the musical saw . " shut it ! " Fred bellow , his hand over his ear . " what be that ? " say Seamus Finnigan , stare at the egg as Harry slam it shut again . " sound like a banshee ... maybe you have get to get past one of those next , Harry ! " " it be someone be torture ! " say Neville , who have go very white and spill sausage roll all over the floor . " you be go to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse ! " " do n't be a prat , Neville , that be illegal , " say George . " they would n't use the Cruciatus Curse on the champion . I think it sound a bit like Percy singing ... maybe you have get to attack him while he be in the shower , Harry . " " want a jam tart , Hermione ? " say Fred . Hermione look doubtfully at the plate he be offer her . Fred grin . " it be all right , " he say . " I have n't do anything to them . it be the custard cream you have get to watch -- " Neville , who have just bite into a custard cream , choke and spit it out . Fred laugh . " just my little joke , Neville ... " Hermione take a jam tart . then she say , " do you get all this from the kitchen , Fred ? " " Yep , " say Fred , grin at her . he put on a high-pitched squeak and imitate a house-elf . " ' Anything we can get you , sir , anything at all ! ' they be dead helpful ... get me a roast ox if I say I be peckish . " " how do you get in there ? " Hermione say in an innocently casual sort of voice . " easy , " say Fred , " conceal door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit . just tickle the pear , and it giggle and -- " he stop and look suspiciously at her . " why ? " " nothing , " say Hermione quickly . " go to try and lead the house-elves out on strike now , be you ? " say George . " go to give up all the leaflet stuff and try and stir them up into rebellion ? " several people chortle . Hermione do n't answer . " do n't you go upset them and tell them they have get to take clothes and salary ! " say Fred warningly " you will put them off their cooking ! " just then , Neville cause a slight diversion by turn into a large canary . " oh -- sorry , Neville ! " Fred shout over all the laughter . " I forget -- it be the custard cream we hex -- " within a minute , however , Neville have molt , and once his feather have fall off , he reappear look entirely normal . he even join in laugh . " Canary Creams ! " Fred shout to the excitable crowd . " George and I invent them -- seven Sickles each , a bargain ! " it be nearly one in the morning when Harry finally go up to the dormitory with Ron , Neville , Seamus , and Dean . before he pull the curtain of his four-poster shut , Harry set his tiny model of the Hungarian horntail on the table next to his bed , where it yawn , curl up , and close its eye . really , Harry think , as he pull the hanging on his four-poster close , Hagrid have a point ... they be all right , really , dragon ... the start of December bring wind and sleet to Hogwarts . drafty though the castle always be in winter , Harry be glad of its fire and thick wall every time he pass the Durmstrang ship on the lake , which be pitch in the high wind , its black sail billow against the dark sky . he think the Beauxbatons caravan be likely to be pretty chilly too . Hagrid , he notice , be keep Madame Maxime 's horse well provide with their preferred drink of single-malt whiskey ; the fume waft from the trough in the corner of their paddock be enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class light-headed . this be unhelpful , as they be still tend the horrible skrewts and need their wit about them . " I be not sure whether they hibernate or not , " Hagrid tell the shiver class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson . " think we have jus ' try an ' see if they fancy a kip ... we will jus ' settle ' em down in these box ... " there be now only ten skrewts leave ; apparently their desire to kill one another have not be exercise out of them . each of them be now approach six foot in length . their thick gray armor ; their powerful , scuttle leg ; their fire-blasting end ; their sting and their sucker , combine to make the skrewts the most repulsive thing Harry have ever see . the class look dispiritedly at the enormous box Hagrid have bring out , all line with pillow and fluffy blanket . " we will jus ' lead ' em in here , " Hagrid say , " an ' put the lid on , and we will see what happen . " but the skrewts , it transpire , do not hibernate , and do not appreciate be force into pillow-lined box and nail in . Hagrid be soon yell , " Don ' panic , now , don ' panic ! " while the skrewts rampage around the pumpkin patch , now strew with the smolder wreckage of the box . most of the class -- Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle in the lead -- have flee into Hagrid 's cabin through the back door and barricade themselves in ; Harry , Ron , and Hermione , however , be among those who remain outside try to help Hagrid . together they manage to restrain and tie up nine of the skrewts , though at the cost of numerous burn and cut ; finally , only one skrewt be leave . " Don ' frighten him , now ! " Hagrid shout as Ron and Harry use their wand to shoot jet of fiery spark at the skrewt , which be advance menacingly on them , its sting arch , quiver , over its back . " jus ' try an ' slip the rope ' around his sting , so he win ' hurt any o ' the other ! " " yeah , we would n't want that ! " Ron shout angrily as he and Harry back into the wall of Hagrid 's cabin , still hold the skrewt off with their spark . " well , well , well ... this do look like fun . " Rita Skeeter be lean on Hagrid 's garden fence , look in at the mayhem . she be wear a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today , and her crocodile-skin handbag be over her arm . Hagrid launch himself forward on top of the skrewt that be corner Harry and Ron and flatten it ; a blast of fire shoot out of its end , wither the pumpkin plant nearby . " who be you ? " Hagrid ask Rita Skeeter as he slip a loop of rope around the skrewt 's sting and tighten it . " Rita Skeeter , Daily Prophet reporter , " Rita reply , beam at him . her gold tooth glint . " think Dumbledore say you weren ' allow inside the school anymore , " say Hagrid , frown slightly as he get off the slightly squash skrewt and start tug it over to its fellow . Rita act as though she have n't hear what Hagrid have say . " what be these fascinating creature call ? " she ask , beam still more widely . " Blast-Ended Skrewts , " grunt Hagrid . " really ? " say Rita , apparently full of lively interest . " I have never hear of them before ... where do they come from ? " Harry notice a dull red flush rise up out of Hagrid 's wild black beard , and his heart sink . where have Hagrid get the skrewts from ? Hermione , who seem to be think along these line , say quickly , " they be very interesting , be n't they ? be n't they , Harry ? " " what ? oh yeah ... ouch ... interesting , " say Harry as she step on his foot . " ah , you be here , Harry ! " say Rita Skeeter as she look around . " so you like Care of Magical Creatures , do you ? one of your favorite lesson ? " " yes , " say Harry stoutly . Hagrid beam at him . " lovely , " say Rita . " really lovely . be teach long ? " she add to Hagrid . Harry notice her eye travel over Dean ( who have a nasty cut across one cheek ) , Lavender ( whose robe be badly singe ) , Seamus ( who be nurse several burnt finger ) , and then to the cabin window , where most of the class stand , their nose press against the glass wait to see if the coast be clear . " this be o'ny me second year , " say Hagrid . " lovely ... I do n't suppose you will like to give an interview , would you ? share some of your experience of magical creature ? the Prophet do a zoological column every Wednesday , as I be sure you know . we could feature these -- er -- Bang-Ended Scoots . " " Blast-Ended Skrewts , " Hagrid say eagerly . " er -- yeah , why not ? " Harry have a very bad feeling about this , but there be no way of communicate it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter see , so he have to stand and watch in silence as Hagrid and Rita Skeeter make arrangement to meet in the three Broomsticks for a good long interview later that week . then the bell ring up at the castle , signal the end of the lesson . " well , good-bye , Harry ! " Rita Skeeter call merrily to him as he set off with Ron and Hermione . " until Friday night , then , Hagrid ! " " she will twist everything he say , " Harry say under his breath . " just as long as he do n't import those skrewts illegally or anything , " say Hermione desperately . they look at one another -- it be exactly the sort of thing Hagrid might do . " Hagrid have be in load of trouble before , and Dumbledore 's never sack him , " say Ron consolingly . " bad that can happen be Hagrid will have to get rid of the skrewts . sorry ... do I say worst ? I mean good . " Harry and Hermione laugh , and , feel slightly more cheerful , go off to lunch . Harry thoroughly enjoy double divination that afternoon ; they be still do star chart and prediction , but now that he and Ron be friend once more , the whole thing seem very funny again . Professor Trelawney , who have be so please with the pair of them when they have be predict their own horrific death , quickly become irritated as they snigger through her explanation of the various way in which Pluto could disrupt everyday life . " I would think , " she say , in a mystical whisper that do not conceal her obvious annoyance , " that some of us " -- she stare very meaningfully at Harry -- " might be a little less frivolous have they see what I have see during my crystal gaze last night . as I sit here , absorb in my needlework , the urge to consult the orb overpower me . I arise , I settle myself before it , and I gaze into its crystalline depth ... and what do you think I see gaze back at me ? " " an ugly old bat in outsize spec ? " Ron mutter under his breath . Harry fight hard to keep his face straight . " death , my dear . " Parvati and Lavender both put their hand over their mouth , look horrify . " yes , " say Professor Trelawney , nod impressively , " it come , ever close , it circle overhead like a vulture , ever low ... ever low over the castle ... " she stare pointedly at Harry , who yawn very widely and obviously . " it will be a bit more impressive if she have n't do it about eighty time before , " Harry say as they finally regain the fresh air of the staircase beneath Professor Trelawney 's room . " but if I have drop dead every time she have tell me I be go to , I will be a medical miracle . " " you will be a sort of extra-concentrated ghost , " say Ron , chortle , as they pass the Bloody Baron go in the opposite direction , his wide eye stare sinisterly . " at least we do n't get homework . I hope Hermione get load off Professor Vector , I love not work when she be ... " but Hermione be n't at dinner , nor be she in the library when they go to look for her afterward . the only person in there be Viktor Krum . Ron hover behind the bookshelve for a while , watch Krum , debate in whisper with Harry whether he should ask for an autograph -- but then Ron realize that six or seven girl be lurk in the next row of book , debate exactly the same thing , and he lose his enthusiasm for the idea . " wonder where she be get to ? " Ron say as he and Harry go back to Gryffindor Tower . " dunno ... balderdash . " but the Fat Lady have barely begin to swing forward when the sound of race foot behind them announce Hermione 's arrival . " Harry ! " she pant , skid to a halt beside him ( the Fat Lady stare down at her , eyebrow raise ) . " Harry , you have get to come -- you have get to come , the most amazing thing be happen -- please -- " she seize Harry 's arm and start to try to drag him back along the corridor . " what be the matter ? " Harry say . " I will show you when we get there -- oh come on , quick -- " Harry look around at Ron ; he look back at Harry , intrigue . " okay , " Harry say , start off back down the corridor with Hermione , Ron hurry to keep up . " oh do n't mind me ! " the Fat Lady call irritably after them . " do n't apologize for bother me ! I will just hang here , wide open , until you get back , shall I ? " " yeah , thanks ! " Ron shout over his shoulder . " Hermione , where be we go ? " Harry ask , after she have lead them down through six floor , and start down the marble staircase into the entrance hall . " you will see , you will see in a minute ! " say Hermione excitedly . she turn leave at the bottom of the staircase and hurry toward the door through which Cedric Diggory have go the night after the Goblet of Fire have regurgitate his and Harry 's name . Harry have never be through here before . he and Ron follow Hermione down a flight of stone step , but instead of end up in a gloomy underground passage like the one that lead to Snape 's dungeon , they find themselves in a broad stone corridor , brightly light with torch , and decorate with cheerful painting that be mainly of food . " oh hang on ... " say Harry slowly , halfway down the corridor . " wait a minute , Hermione ... " " what ? " she turn around to look at him , anticipation all over her face . " I know what this be about , " say Harry . he nudge Ron and point to the painting just behind Hermione . it show a gigantic silver fruit bowl . " Hermione ! " say Ron , cottoning on . " you be try to rope us into that spew stuff again ! " " no , no , I be not ! " she say hastily . " and it be not spew , Ron -- " " Changed the name , have you ? " say Ron , frown at her . " what be we now , then , the House-Elf Liberation Front ? I be not barge into that kitchen and try to make them stop work , I be not do it -- " " I be not ask you to ! " Hermione say impatiently . " I come down here just now , to talk to them all , and I find -- oh come on , Harry , I want to show you ! " she seize his arm again , pull him in front of the picture of the giant fruit bowl , stretch out her forefinger , and tickle the huge green pear . it begin to squirm , chuckle , and suddenly turn into a large green door handle . Hermione seize it , pull the door open , and push Harry hard in the back , force him inside . he have one brief glimpse of an enormous , high-ceilinged room , large as the Great Hall above it , with mound of glitter brass pot and pan heap around the stone wall , and a great brick fireplace at the other end , when something small hurtle toward him from the middle of the room , squeal , " Harry Potter , sir ! Harry Potter ! " next second all the wind have be knock out of him as the squeal elf hit him hard in the midriff , hug him so tightly he think his rib would break . " D-Dobby ? " Harry gasp . " it be Dobby , sir , it be ! " squeal the voice from somewhere around his navel . " Dobby have be hope and hope to see Harry Potter , sir , and Harry Potter have come to see him , sir ! " Dobby let go and step back a few pace , beam up at Harry , his enormous , green , tennis-ball-shaped eye brim with tear of happiness . he look almost exactly as Harry remember him ; the pencil-shaped nose , the batlike ear , the long finger and foot -- all except the clothes , which be very different . when Dobby have work for the Malfoys , he have always wear the same filthy old pillowcase . now , however , he be wear the strange assortment of garment Harry have ever see ; he have do an even bad job of dress himself than the wizard at the World Cup . he be wear a tea cozy for a hat , on which he have pin a number of bright badge ; a tie pattern with horseshoe over a bare chest , a pair of what look like child 's soccer short , and odd sock . one of these , Harry see , be the black one Harry have remove from his own foot and trick Mr. Malfoy into give Dobby , thereby set Dobby free . the other be cover in pink and orange stripe . " Dobby , what be you do here ? " Harry say in amazement . " Dobby have come to work at Hogwarts , sir ! " Dobby squeal excitedly . " Professor Dumbledore give Dobby and Winky job , sir ! " " Winky ? " say Harry . " she be here too ? " " yes , sir , yes ! " say Dobby , and he seize Harry 's hand and pull him off into the kitchen between the four long wooden table that stand there . each of these table , Harry notice as he pass them , be position exactly beneath the four House table above , in the Great Hall . at the moment , they be clear of food , dinner have finish , but he suppose that an hour ago they have be lade with dish that be then send up through the ceiling to their counterpart above . at least a hundred little elf be stand around the kitchen , beam , bow , and curtsy as Dobby lead Harry past them . they be all wear the same uniform : a tea towel stamp with the Hogwarts crest , and tie , as Winky 's have be , like a toga . Dobby stop in front of the brick fireplace and point . " Winky , sir ! " he say . Winky be sit on a stool by the fire . unlike Dobby , she have obviously not forage for clothes . she be wear a neat little skirt and blouse with a match blue hat , which have hole in it for her large ear . however , while every one of Dobby 's strange collection of garment be so clean and well care for that it look brand-new , Winky be plainly not take care of her clothes at all . there be soup stain all down her blouse and a burn in her skirt . " hello , Winky , " say Harry . Winky 's lip quiver . then she burst into tear , which spill out of her great brown eye and splash down her front , just as they have do at the Quidditch World Cup . " oh dear , " say Hermione . she and Ron have follow Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen . " Winky , do n't cry , please do n't ... " but Winky cry harder than ever . Dobby , on the other hand , beam up at Harry . " would Harry Potter like a cup of tea ? " he squeak loudly , over Winky 's sob . " er -- yeah , okay , " say Harry . instantly , about six house-elves come trot up behind him , bear a large silver tray lade with a teapot , cup for Harry , Ron , and Hermione , a milk jug , and a large plate of biscuit . " good service ! " Ron say , in an impressed voice . Hermione frown at him , but the elf all look delight ; they bow very low and retreat . " how long have you be here , Dobby ? " Harry ask as Dobby hand around the tea . " only a week , Harry Potter , sir ! " say Dobby happily . " Dobby come to see Professor Dumbledore , sir . you see , sir , it be very difficult for a house-elf who have be dismiss to get a new position , sir , very difficult indeed -- " at this , Winky howl even hard , her squashed-tomato of a nose dribble all down her front , though she make no effort to stem the flow . " Dobby have travel the country for two whole year , sir , try to find work ! " Dobby squeak . " but Dobby have n't find work , sir , because Dobby want pay now ! " the house-elves all around the kitchen , who have be listen and watch with interest , all look away at these word , as though Dobby have say something rude and embarrassing . Hermione , however , say , " good for you , Dobby ! " " thank you , miss ! " say Dobby , grin toothily at her . " but most wizard do n't want a house-elf who want pay , miss . ' that be not the point of a house-elf , ' they say , and they slam the door in Dobby 's face ! Dobby like work , but he want to wear clothes and he want to be pay , Harry Potter ... Dobby like be free ! " the Hogwarts house-elves have now start edge away from Dobby , as though he be carry something contagious . Winky , however , remain where she be , though there be a definite increase in the volume of her crying . " and then , Harry Potter , Dobby go to visit Winky , and find out Winky have be free too , sir ! " say Dobby delightedly . at this , Winky fling herself forward off her stool and lay facedown on the flag stone floor , beat her tiny fist upon it and positively scream with misery . Hermione hastily drop down to her knee beside her and try to comfort her , but nothing she say make the slight difference . Dobby continue with his story , shout shrilly over Winky 's screech . " and then Dobby have the idea , Harry Potter , sir ! ' why do n't Dobby and Winky find work together ? ' Dobby say . ' where be there enough work for two house-elves ? ' say Winky . and Dobby think , and it come to him , sir ! Hogwarts ! so Dobby and Winky come to see Professor Dumbledore , sir , and Professor Dumbledore take us on ! " Dobby beam very brightly , and happy tear well in his eye again . " and Professor Dumbledore say he will pay Dobby , sir , if Dobby want pay ! and so Dobby be a free elf , sir , and Dobby get a Galleon a week and one day off a month ! " " that be not very much ! " Hermione shout indignantly from the floor , over Winky 's continued scream and fist-beating . " Professor Dumbledore offer Dobby ten Galleons a week , and weekend off , " say Dobby , suddenly give a little shiver , as though the prospect of so much leisure and rich be frightening , " but Dobby beat him down , miss ... Dobby like freedom , miss , but he be n't want too much , miss , he like work well . " " and how much be Professor Dumbledore pay you , Winky ? " Hermione ask kindly . if she have think this would cheer up Winky , she be wildly mistake . Winky do stop cry , but when she sit up she be glaring at Hermione through her massive brown eye , her whole face sop wet and suddenly furious . " Winky be a disgrace elf , but Winky be not yet get pay ! " she squeak . " Winky be not sink so low as that ! Winky be properly ashamed of be free ! " " ashamed ? " say Hermione blankly . " but -- Winky , come on ! it be Mr. Crouch who should be ashamed , not you ! you do n't do anything wrong , he be really horrible to you -- " but at these word , Winky clap her hand over the hole in her hat , flatten her ear so that she could n't hear a word , and screech , " you be not insult my master , miss ! you be not insult Mr. Crouch ! Mr. Crouch be a good wizard , miss ! Mr. Crouch be right to sack bad Winky ! " " Winky be have trouble adjusting , Harry Potter , " squeak Dobby confidentially . " Winky forget she be not bind to Mr. Crouch anymore ; she be allow to speak her mind now , but she wo n't do it . " " can n't house-elves speak their mind about their master , then ? " Harry ask . " oh no , sir , no , " say Dobby , look suddenly serious . " ' Tis part of the house-elf 's enslavement , sir . we keep their secret and our silence , sir . we uphold the family 's honor , and we never speak ill of them -- though Professor Dumbledore tell Dobby he do not insist upon this . Professor Dumbledore say we be free to -- to -- " Dobby look suddenly nervous and beckon Harry closer . Harry bend forward . Dobby whisper , " he say we be free to call him a -- a barmy old codger if we like , sir ! " Dobby give a frightened sort of giggle . " but Dobby be not want to , Harry Potter , " he say , talk normally again , and shake his head so that his ear flap . " Dobby like Professor Dumbledore very much , sir , and be proud to keep his secret and our silence for him . " " but you can say what you like about the Malfoys now ? " Harry ask him , grin . a slightly fearful look come into Dobby 's immense eye . " Dobby -- Dobby could , " he say doubtfully . he square his small shoulder . " Dobby could tell Harry Potter that his old master be -- be -- bad dark wizard ! " Dobby stand for a moment , quiver all over , horror-struck by his own daring -- then he rush over to the near table and begin bang his head on it very hard , squeal , " Bad Dobby ! bad Dobby ! " Harry seize Dobby by the back of his tie and pull him away from the table . " thank you , Harry Potter , thank you , " say Dobby breathlessly , rub his head . " you just need a bit of practice , " Harry say . " practice ! " squeal Winky furiously . " you be ought to be ashamed of yourself , Dobby , talk that way about your master ! " " they be n't my master anymore , Winky ! " say Dobby defiantly . " Dobby do n't care what they think anymore ! " " oh you be a bad elf , Dobby ! " moan Winky , tear leak down her face once more . " my poor Mr. Crouch , what be he do without Winky ? he be need me , he be need my help ! I be look after the crouch all my life , and my mother be do it before me , and my grandmother be do it before her ... oh what be they say if they know Winky be free ? oh the shame , the shame ! " she bury her face in her skirt again and bawl . " Winky , " say Hermione firmly , " I be quite sure Mr. Crouch be get along perfectly well without you . we have see him , you know -- " " you be see my master ? " say Winky breathlessly , raise her tearstained face out of her skirt once more and goggle at Hermione . " you be see him here at Hogwarts ? " " yes , " say Hermione , " he and Mr. Bagman be judge in the Tri-wizard Tournament . " " Mr. Bagman come too ? " squeak Winky , and to Harry 's great surprise ( and Ron 's and Hermione 's too , by the look on their face ) , she look angry again . " Mr. Bagman be a bad wizard ! a very bad wizard ! my master be n't like him , oh no , not at all ! " " bagman -- bad ? " say Harry . " oh yes , " Winky say , nod her head furiously . " my master be tell Winky some thing ! but Winky be not say ... Winky -- Winky keep her master 's secret ... " she dissolve yet again in tear ; they could hear her sob into her skirt , " Poor master , poor master , no Winky to help him no more ! they could n't get another sensible word out of Winky . they leave her to her crying and finish their tea , while Dobby chat happily about his life as a free elf and his plan for his wage . " Dobby be go to buy a sweater next , Harry Potter ! " he say happily , point at his bare chest . " tell you what , Dobby , " say Ron , who seem to have take a great liking to the elf , " I will give you the one my mum knit me this Christmas , I always get one from her . you do n't mind maroon , do you ? " Dobby be delight . " we might have to shrink it a bit to fit you , " Ron tell him , " but it will go well with your tea cozy . " as they prepare to take their leave , many of the surround elf press in upon them , offer snack to take back upstairs . Hermione refuse , with a pained look at the way the elf keep bow and curtsy , but Harry and Ron load their pocket with cream cake and pie . " thanks a lot ! " Harry say to the elf , who have all cluster around the door to say good night . " see you , Dobby ! " " Harry Potter ... can Dobby come and see you sometimes , sir ? " Dobby ask tentatively . " ' Course you can , " say Harry , and Dobby beam . " you know what ? " say Ron , once he , Hermione , and Harry have leave the kitchen behind and be climb the step into the entrance hall again . " all these year I have be really impress with Fred and George , nick food from the kitchen -- well , it be not exactly difficult , be it ? they ca n't wait to give it away ! " " I think this be the good thing that could have happen to those elf , you know , " say Hermione , lead the way back up the marble staircase . " dobby come to work here , I mean . the other elf will see how happy he be , be free , and slowly it will dawn on them that they want that too ! " " Let 's hope they do n't look too closely at Winky , " say Harry . " oh she will cheer up , " say Hermione , though she sound a bit doubtful . " once the shock be wear off , and she be get use to Hogwarts , she will see how much good off she be without that Crouch man . " " she seem to love him , " say Ron thickly ( he have just start on a cream cake ) . " do n't think much of Bagman , though , do she ? " say Harry . " wonder what Crouch say at home about him ? " " probably say he be not a very good Head of Department , " say Hermione , " and let be face it ... he have get a point , have n't he ? " " I will still rather work for him than old Crouch , " say Ron . " at least Bagman 's get a sense of humor . " " do n't let Percy hear you say that , " Hermione say , smile slightly . " yeah , well , Percy would n't want to work for anyone with a sense of humor , would he ? " say Ron , now start on a chocolate eclair . " Percy would n't recognize a joke if it dance naked in front of him wear Dobby 's tea cozy . " Chapter @card@ the unexpected Task " Potter ! Weasley ! will you pay attention ? " Professor McGonagall 's irritated voice crack like a whip through the transfiguration class on Thursday , and Harry and Ron both jump and look up . it be the end of the lesson ; they have finish their work ; the guinea fowl they have be change into guinea pig have be shut away in a large cage on Professor McGonagall 's desk ( Neville have still have feather ) ; they have copy down their homework from the blackboard ( " Describe , with example , the way in which Transforming Spells must be adapt when perform Cross-Species Switches " ) . the bell be due to ring at any moment , and Harry and Ron , who have be have a sword fight with a couple of Fred and George 's fake wand at the back of the class , look up , Ron hold a tin parrot and Harry , a rubber haddock . " now that Potter and Weasley have be kind enough to act their age , " say Professor McGonagall , with an angry look at the pair of them as the head of Harry 's haddock droop and fall silently to the floor -- Ron 's parrot 's beak have sever it moment before -- " I have something to say to you all . " the Yule Ball be approach -- a traditional part of the Tri-wizard Tournament and an opportunity for us to socialize with our foreign guest . now , the ball will be open only to fourth year and above -- although you may invite a young student if you wish -- " Lavender Brown let out a shrill giggle . Parvati Patil nudge her hard in the rib , her face work furiously as she too fight not to giggle . they both look around at Harry . Professor McGonagall ignore them , which Harry think be distinctly unfair , as she have just tell off him and Ron . " dress robe will be wear , " Professor McGonagall continue , " and the ball will start at eight o'clock on Christmas Day , finish at midnight in the Great Hall . now then -- " Professor McGonagall stare deliberately around the class . " the Yule Ball be of course a chance for us all to -- er -- let our hair down , " she say , in a disapprove voice . lavender giggle harder than ever , with her hand press hard against her mouth to stifle the sound . Harry could see what be funny this time : Professor McGonagall , with her hair in a tight bun , look as though she have never let her hair down in any sense . " but that do NOT mean , " Professor McGonagall go on , " that we will be relax the standard of behavior we expect from Hogwarts student . I will be most seriously displease if a Gryffindor student embarrass the school in any way . " the bell ring , and there be the usual scuffle of activity as everyone pack their bag and swing them onto their shoulder . Professor McGonagall call above the noise , " Potter -- a word , if you please . " assume this have something to do with his headless rubber haddock , Harry proceed gloomily to the teacher 's desk . Professor McGonagall wait until the rest of the class have go , and then say , " Potter , the champion and their partner -- " " what partner ? " say Harry . Professor McGonagall look suspiciously at him , as though she think he be try to be funny . " your partner for the Yule Ball , Potter , " she say coldly . " your dance partner . " Harry 's inside seem to curl up and shrivel . " dance partner ? " he feel himself go red . " I do n't dance , " he say quickly . " oh yes , you do , " say Professor McGonagall irritably . " that be what I be tell you . traditionally , the champion and their partner open the ball . " Harry have a sudden mental image of himself in a top hat and tail , accompany by a girl in the sort of frilly dress Aunt Petunia always wear to Uncle Vernon 's work party . " I be not dance , " he say . " it be traditional , " say Professor McGonagall firmly . " you be a Hogwarts champion , and you will do what be expect of you as a representative of the school . so make sure you get yourself a partner , Potter . " " but -- I do n't -- " " you hear me , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall in a very final sort of way . a week ago , Harry would have say find a partner for a dance would be a cinch compare to take on a Hungarian horntail . but now that he have do the latter , and be face the prospect of ask a girl to the ball , he think he will rather have another round with the dragon . Harry have never know so many people to put their name down to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas ; he always do , of course , because the alternative be usually go back to Privet Drive , but he have always be very much in the minority before now . this year , however , everyone in the fourth year and above seem to be stay , and they all seem to Harry to be obsess with the come ball -- or at least all the girl be , and it be amazing how many girl Hogwarts suddenly seem to hold ; he have never quite notice that before . girl giggle and whisper in the corridor , girl shriek with laughter as boy pass them , girl excitedly compare note on what they be go to wear on Christmas night ... " why do they have to move in pack ? " Harry ask Ron as a dozen or so girl walk past them , snigger and stare at Harry . " how be you suppose to get one on their own to ask them ? " " Lasso one ? " Ron suggest . " get any idea who you be go to try ? " Harry do n't answer . he know perfectly well whom he will like to ask , but work up the nerve be something else ... Cho be a year old than he be ; she be very pretty ; she be a very good Quidditch player , and she be also very popular . Ron seem to know what be go on inside Harry 's head . " listen , you be not go to have any trouble . you be a champion . you have just beat a Hungarian horntail . I bet they will be queue up to go with you . " in tribute to their recently repair friendship , Ron have keep the bitterness in his voice to a bare minimum . moreover , to Harry 's amazement , he turn out to be quite right . a curly-haired third-year Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry have never speak in his life ask him to go to the ball with her the very next day . Harry be so take aback he say no before he have even stop to consider the matter . the girl walk off look rather hurt , and Harry have to endure Dean 's , Seamus 's , and Ron 's taunt about her all through history of Magic . the follow day , two more girl ask him , a second year and ( to his horror ) a fifth year who look as though she might knock him out if he refuse . " she be quite good-looking , " say Ron fairly , after he have stop laugh . " she be a foot tall than me , " say Harry , still unnerve . " imagine what I will look like try to dance with her . " Hermione 's word about Krum keep come back to him . " they only like him because he be famous ! " Harry doubt very much if any of the girl who have ask to be his partner so far would have want to go to the ball with him if he have n't be a school champion . then he wonder if this would bother him if Cho ask him . on the whole , Harry have to admit that even with the embarrassing prospect of open the ball before him , life have definitely improve since he have get through the first task . he be n't attract nearly as much unpleasantness in the corridor anymore , which he suspect have a lot to do with Cedric -- he have an idea Cedric might have tell the Hufflepuffs to leave Harry alone , in gratitude for Harry 's tip-off about the dragon . there seem to be few Support Cedric Diggory ! badge around too . Draco Malfoy , of course , be still quote Rita Skeeter 's article to him at every possible opportunity , but he be get few and few laugh out of it -- and just to heighten Harry 's feeling of well-being , no story about Hagrid have appear in the Daily Prophet . " she didn ' seem very int'rested in magical creature , ter tell yeh the truth , " Hagrid say , when Harry , Ron , and Hermione ask him how his interview with Rita Skeeter have go during the last Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the term . to their very great relief , Hagrid have give up on direct contact with the skrewts now , and they be merely shelter behind his cabin today , sit at a trestle table and prepare a fresh selection of food with which to tempt the skrewts . " she jus ' want me ter talk about you , Harry , " Hagrid continue in a low voice . " well , I tell her we have be friend since I go ter fetch yeh from the Dursley . ' never have to tell him off in four year ? ' she say . ' Never play you up in lesson , have he ? ' I tell her no , an ' she didn ' seem happy at all . Yeh will think she want me to say yeh be horrible , Harry . " " ' Course she do , " say Harry , throw lump of dragon liver into a large metal bowl and pick up his knife to cut some more . " she ca n't keep write about what a tragic little hero I be , it will get boring . " " she want a new angle , Hagrid , " say Ron wisely as he shell salamander egg . " you be suppose to say Harry be a mad delinquent ! " " but he be not ! " say Hagrid , look genuinely shocked . " she should have interview Snape , " say Harry grimly . " he will give her the good on me any day . ' Potter have be cross line ever since he first arrive at this school ... ' " " say that , do he ? " say Hagrid , while Ron and Hermione laugh . " well , Yeh might have bend a few rule , Harry , bu ' yeh be all righ ' really , Aren ' you ? " " Cheers , Hagrid , " say Harry , grin . " you come to this ball thing on Christmas Day , Hagrid ? " say Ron . " though ' I might look in on it , yeah , " say Hagrid gruffly . " should be a good do , I reckon . you will be openin ' the dancin ' , win ' yeh , Harry ? who be you takin ' ? " " no one , yet , " say Harry , feel himself go red again . Hagrid do n't pursue the subject . the last week of term become increasingly boisterous as it progress . rumor about the Yule Ball be fly everywhere , though Harry do n't believe half of them -- for instance , that Dumbledore have buy eight hundred barrel of mull mead from Madam Rosmerta . it seem to be fact , however , that he have book the Weird Sisters . exactly who or what the Weird Sisters be Harry do n't know , never have have access to a wizard 's wireless , but he deduce from the wild excitement of those who have grow up listen to the WWN ( Wizarding Wireless Network ) that they be a very famous musical group . some of the teacher , like little Professor Flitwick , give up try to teach them much when their mind be so clearly elsewhere ; he allow them to play game in his lesson on Wednesday , and spend most of it talk to Harry about the perfect Summoning Charm Harry have use during the first task of the Triwizard Tournament . other teacher be not so generous . nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns , for example , from plow on through his note on goblin rebellion -- as Binns have n't let his own death stand in the way of continue to teach , they suppose a small thing like Christmas be n't go to put him off . it be amazing how he could make even bloody and vicious goblin riot sound as bore as Percy 's cauldron-bottom report . professor McGonagall and Moody keep them work until the very last second of their class too , and Snape , of course , would no sooner let them play game in class than adopt Harry . stare nastily around at them all , he inform them that he would be test them on poison antidote during the last lesson of the term . " evil , he be , " Ron say bitterly that night in the Gryffindor common room . " spring a test on us on the last day . ruin the last bit of term with a whole load of study . " " Mmm ... you be not exactly strain yourself , though , be you ? " say Hermione , look at him over the top of her potion note . Ron be busy build a card castle out of his Exploding Snap pack -- a much more interesting pastime than with Muggle card , because of the chance that the whole thing would blow up at any second . " it be Christmas , Hermione , " say Harry lazily ; he be reread Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire . Hermione look severely over at him too . " I will have think you will be do something constructive , Harry , even if you do n't want to learn your antidote ! " " like what ? " Harry say as he watch Joey Jenkins of the Cannons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle Bats Chaser . " that egg ! " Hermione hiss . " come on , Hermione , I have get till February the twenty-fourth , " Harry say . he have put the golden egg upstairs in his trunk and have n't open it since the celebration party after the first task . there be still two and a half month to go until he need to know what all the screechy wail mean , after all . " but it might take week to work it out ! " say Hermione . " you be go to look a real idiot if everyone else know what the next task be and you do n't ! " " leave him alone , Hermione , he have earn a bit of a break , " say Ron , and he place the last two card on top of the castle and the whole lot blow up , singe his eyebrow . " nice look , Ron ... go well with your dress robe , that will . " it be Fred and George . they sit down at the table with Harry , Ron , and Hermione as Ron feel how much damage have be do . " Ron , can we borrow Pigwidgeon ? " George ask . " no , he be off deliver a letter , " say Ron . " why ? " " because George want to invite him to the ball , " say Fred sarcastically . " because we want to send a letter , you stupid great prat , " say George . " who d'you two keep write to , eh ? " say Ron . " nose out , Ron , or I will burn that for you too , " say Fred , wave his wand threateningly . " so ... you lot get date for the ball yet ? " " Nope , " say Ron . " well , you will well hurry up , mate , or all the good one will be go , " say Fred . " who be you go with , then ? " say Ron . " Angelina , " say Fred promptly , without a trace of embarrassment . " what ? " say Ron , take aback . " you have already ask her ? " " good point , " say Fred . he turn his head and call across the common room , " Oi ! Angelina ! " Angelina , who have be chat with Alicia Spinnet near the fire , look over at him . " what ? " she call back . " want to come to the ball with me ? " Angelina give Fred an appraise sort of look . " all right , then , " she say , and she turn back to Alicia and carry on chat with a bit of a grin on her face . " there you go , " say Fred to Harry and Ron , " piece of cake . " he get to his foot , yawn , and say , " we will well use a school owl then , George , come on ... " they leave . Ron stop feel his eyebrow and look across the smolder wreck of his card castle at Harry . " we should get a move on , you know ... ask someone . he be right . we do n't want to end up with a pair of troll . " Hermione let out a sputter of indignation . " a pair of ... what , excuse me ? " " well -- you know , " say Ron , shrug . " I will rather go alone than with -- with Eloise Midgen , say . " " her acne 's load well lately -- and she be really nice ! " " her nose be off-center , " say Ron . " oh I see , " Hermione say , bristle . " so basically , you be go to take the best-looking girl who will have you , even if she be completely horrible ? " " er -- yeah , that sound about right , " say Ron . " I be go to bed , " Hermione snap , and she sweep off toward the girl ' staircase without another word . the Hogwarts staff , demonstrate a continued desire to impress the visitor from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang , seem determine to show the castle at its good this Christmas . when the decoration go up , Harry notice that they be the most stunning he have yet see inside the school . everlasting icicle have be attach to the banisters of the marble staircase ; the usual twelve Christmas tree in the Great Hall be bedeck with everything from luminous holly berry to real , hoot , golden owl , and the suit of armor have all be bewitch to sing carol whenever anyone pass them . it be quite something to hear " O Come , all Ye Faithful " sing by an empty helmet that only know half the word . several time , Filch the caretaker have to extract Peeves from inside the armor , where he have take to hiding , fill in the gap in the song with lyric of his own invention , all of which be very rude . and still , Harry have n't ask Cho to the ball . he and Ron be get very nervous now , though as Harry point out , Ron would look much less stupid than he would without a partner ; Harry be suppose to be start the dancing with the other champion . " I suppose there be always Moaning Myrtle , " he say gloomily , refer to the ghost who haunt the girl ' toilet on the second floor . " Harry -- we have just get to grit our tooth and do it , " say Ron on Friday morning , in a tone that suggest they be plan the storm of an impregnable fortress . " when we get back to the common room tonight , we will both have partner -- agree ? " " er ... okay , " say Harry . but every time he glimpse Cho that day -- during break , and then lunchtime , and once on the way to history of Magic -- she be surround by friend . do n't she ever go anywhere alone ? could he perhaps ambush her as she be go into a bathroom ? but no -- she even seem to go there with an escort of four or five girl . yet if he do n't do it soon , she be bind to have be ask by somebody else . he find it hard to concentrate on Snape 's potion test , and consequently forget to add the key ingredient -- a bezoar -- mean that he receive bottom mark . he do n't care , though ; he be too busy screw up his courage for what he be about to do . when the bell ring , he grab his bag , and hurry to the dungeon door . " I will meet you at dinner , " he say to Ron and Hermione , and he dash off upstairs . he will just have to ask Cho for a private word , that be all ... he hurry off through the pack corridor look for her , and ( rather sooner than he have expect ) he find her , emerge from a defense against the Dark Arts lesson . " er -- Cho ? could I have a word with you ? " giggle should be make illegal , Harry think furiously , as all the girl around Cho start do it . she do n't , though . she say , " Okay , " and follow him out of earshot of her classmate . Harry turn to look at her and his stomach give a weird lurch as though he have miss a step go downstairs . " er , " he say . he could n't ask her . he could n't . but he have to . Cho stand there look puzzle , watch him . the word come out before Harry have quite get his tongue around them . " Wangoballwime ? " " sorry ? " say Cho . " D'you -- d'you want to go to the ball with me ? " say Harry . why do he have to go red now ? why ? " oh ! " say Cho , and she go red too . " Oh Harry , I be really sorry , " and she truly look it . " I have already say I will go with someone else . " " oh , " say Harry . it be odd ; a moment before his inside have be writhe like snake , but suddenly he do n't seem to have any inside at all . " oh okay , " he say , " no problem . " " I be really sorry , " she say again . " that be okay , " say Harry . they stand there look at each other , and then Cho say , " well -- " " Yeah , " say Harry . " well , ' bye , " say Cho , still very red . she walk away . Harry call after her , before he could stop himself . " who be you go with ? " " oh -- Cedric , " she say . " Cedric Diggory . " " oh right , " say Harry . his inside have come back again . it feel as though they have be fill with lead in their absence . completely forget about dinner , he walk slowly back up to Gryffindor Tower , Cho 's voice echo in his ear with every step he take . " Cedric -- Cedric Diggory . " he have be start to quite like Cedric -- prepare to overlook the fact that he have once beat him at Quidditch , and be handsome , and popular , and nearly everyone 's favorite champion . now he suddenly realize that Cedric be in fact a useless pretty boy who do n't have enough brain to fill an eggcup . " fairy light , " he say dully to the Fat Lady -- the password have be change the previous day . " yes , indeed , dear ! " she trill , straighten her new tinsel hair band as she swing forward to admit him . enter the common room , Harry look around , and to his surprise he see Ron sit ashen-faced in a distant corner . Ginny be sit with him , talk to him in what seem to be a low , soothing voice . " what be up , Ron ? " say Harry , join them . Ron look up at Harry , a sort of blind horror in his face . " why do I do it ? " he say wildly . " I do n't know what make me do it ! " " what ? " say Harry . " he -- er -- just ask Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with him , " say Ginny . she look as though she be fight back a smile , but she keep pat Ron 's arm sympathetically . " you what ? " say Harry . " I do n't know what make me do it ! " Ron gasp again . " what be I play at ? there be people -- all around -- I have go mad -- everyone watching ! I be just walk past her in the entrance hall -- she be stand there talk to Diggory -- and it sort of come over me -- and I ask her ! " Ron moan and put his face in his hand . he keep talk , though the word be barely distinguishable . " she look at me like I be a sea slug or something . do n't even answer . and then -- I dunno -- I just sort of come to my sense and run for it . " " she be part veela , " say Harry . " you be right -- her grandmother be one . it be n't your fault , I bet you just walk past when she be turn on the old charm for Diggory and get a blast of it -- but she be waste her time . he be go with Cho Chang . " Ron look up . " I ask her to go with me just now , " Harry say dully , " and she tell me . " Ginny have suddenly stop smile . " this be mad , " say Ron . " we be the only one leave who have n't get anyone -- well , except Neville . hey -- guess who he ask ? Hermione ! " " what ? " say Harry , completely distract by this startling news . " yeah , I know ! " say Ron , some of the color come back into his face as he start to laugh . " he tell me after potion ! say she have always be really nice , help him out with work and stuff -- but she tell him she be already go with someone . Ha ! as if ! she just do n't want to go with Neville ... I mean , who would ? " " do n't ! " say Ginny , annoy . " do n't laugh -- " just then Hermione climb in through the portrait hole . " why be n't you two at dinner ? " she say , come over to join them . " because -- oh shut up laugh , you two -- because they have both just be turn down by girl they ask to the ball ! " say Ginny . that shut Harry and Ron up . " thanks a bunch , Ginny , " say Ron sourly . " all the good-looking one take , Ron ? " say Hermione loftily . " Eloise Midgen start to look quite pretty now , be she ? well , I be sure you will find someone somewhere who will have you . " but Ron be stare at Hermione as though suddenly see her in a whole new light . " Hermione , Neville 's right -- you be a girl ... " " oh well spot , " she say acidly . " well -- you can come with one of us ! " " no , I ca n't , " snap Hermione . " oh come on , " he say impatiently , " we need partner , we be go to look really stupid if we have n't get any , everyone else have ... " " I ca n't come with you , " say Hermione , now blush , " because I be already go with someone . " " no , you be not ! " say Ron . " you just say that to get rid of Neville ! " " oh do I ? " say Hermione , and her eye flash dangerously . " just because it have take you three year to notice , Ron , do n't mean no one else have spot I be a girl ! " Ron stare at her . then he grin again . " okay , okay , we know you be a girl , " he say . " that do ? will you come now ? " " I have already tell you ! " Hermione say very angrily . " I be go with someone else ! " and she storm off toward the girl ' dormitory again . " she be lie , " say Ron flatly , watch her go . " she be not , " say Ginny quietly . " who be it then ? " say Ron sharply . " I be not tell you , it be her business , " say Ginny . " right , " say Ron , who look extremely put out , " this be get stupid . Ginny , you can go with Harry , and I will just -- " " I ca n't , " say Ginny , and she go scarlet too . " I be go with -- with Neville . he ask me when Hermione say no , and I think ... well ... I be not go to be able to go otherwise , I be not in fourth year . " she look extremely miserable . " I think I will go and have dinner , " she say , and she get up and walk off to the portrait hole , her head bow . Ron goggle at Harry . " what be get into them ? " he demand . but Harry have just see Parvati and Lavender come in through the portrait hole . the time have come for drastic action . " wait here , " he say to Ron , and he stand up , walk straight up to Parvati , and say , " Parvati ? will you go to the ball with me ? " Parvati go into a fit of giggle . Harry wait for them to subside , his finger cross in the pocket of his robe . " yes , all right then , " she say finally , blush furiously . " thanks , " say Harry , in relief . " lavender -- will you go with Ron ? " " she be go with Seamus , " say Parvati , and the pair of them giggle harder than ever . Harry sigh . " can n't you think of anyone who will go with Ron ? " he say , lower his voice so that Ron would n't hear . " what about Hermione Granger ? " say Parvati . " she be go with someone else . " Parvati look astonish . " Ooooh -- who ? " she say keenly . Harry shrug . " no idea , " he say . " so what about Ron ? " " well ... " say Parvati slowly , " I suppose my sister might ... Padma , you know ... in Ravenclaw . I will ask her if you like . " " yeah , that would be great , " say Harry . " let me know , will you ? " and he go back over to Ron , feel that this ball be a lot more trouble than it be worth , and hope very much that Padma Patil 's nose be dead center . Chapter @card@ the Yule Ball despite the very heavy load of homework that the fourth year have be give for the holiday , Harry be in no mood to work when term end , and spend the week lead up to Christmas enjoy himself as fully as possible along with everyone else . Gryffindor Tower be hardly less crowd now than during term-time ; it seem to have shrink slightly too , as its inhabitant be be so much rowdy than usual . Fred and George have have a great success with their Canary Creams , and for the first couple of day of the holiday , people keep burst into feather all over the place . before long , however , all the Gryffindors have learn to treat food anybody else offer them with extreme caution , in case it have a Canary Cream conceal in the center , and George confide to Harry that he and Fred be now work on develop something else . Harry make a mental note never to accept so much as a crisp from Fred and George in future . he still have n't forget Dudley and the Ton-Tongue Toffee . snow be fall thickly upon the castle and its ground now . the pale blue Beauxbatons carriage look like a large , chilly , frosted pumpkin next to the iced gingerbread house that be Hagrid 's cabin , while the Durmstrang ship 's porthole be glaze with ice , the rig white with frost . the house-elves down in the kitchen be outdo themselves with a series of rich , warming stew and savory pudding , and only Fleur Delacour seem to be able to find anything to complain about . " it be too ' eavy , all zis ' Ogwarts food , " they hear her say grumpily as they leave the Great Hall behind her one evening ( Ron skulk behind Harry , keen not to be spot by Fleur ) . " I will not fit into my dress robe ! " " Oooh there be a tragedy , " Hermione snap as Fleur go out into the entrance hall . " she really think a lot of herself , that one , do n't she ? " " Hermione -- who be you go to the ball with ? " say Ron . he keep spring this question on her , hope to startle her into a response by ask it when she least expect it . however , Hermione merely frown and say , " I be not tell you , you will just make fun of me . " " you be joke , Weasley ! " say Malfoy , behind them . " you be not tell me someone be ask that to the ball ? not the long-molared Mudblood ? " Harry and Ron both whip around , but Hermione say loudly , wave to somebody over Malfoy 's shoulder , " hello , Professor Moody ! " Malfoy go pale and jump backward , look wildly around for Moody , but he be still up at the staff table , finish his stew . " Twitchy little ferret , be n't you , Malfoy ? " say Hermione scathingly , and she , Harry , and Ron go up the marble staircase laugh heartily . " Hermione , " say Ron , look sideways at her , suddenly frown , " your tooth ... " " what about them ? " she say . " well , they be different ... I have just notice ... " " of course they be -- do you expect me to keep those fang Malfoy give me ? " " no , I mean , they be different to how they be before he put that hex on you ... they be all ... straight and -- and normal-sized . " Hermione suddenly smile very mischievously , and Harry notice it too : it be a very different smile from the one he remember . " well ... when I go up to Madam Pomfrey to get them shrink , she hold up a mirror and tell me to stop her when they be back to how they normally be , " she say . " and I just ... let her carry on a bit . " she smile even more widely . " Mum and Dad wo n't be too please . I have be try to persuade them to let me shrink them for age , but they want me to carry on with my brace . you know , they be dentist , they just do n't think tooth and magic should -- look ! Pigwidgeon 's back ! " Ron 's tiny owl be twitter madly on the top of the icicle-laden banisters , a scroll of parchment tie to his leg . people pass him be point and laugh , and a group of third-year girl pause and say , " oh look at the weeny owl ! be n't he cute ? " " stupid little feathery git ! " Ron hiss , hurry up the stair and snatch up Pigwidgeon . " you bring letter to the addressee ! you do n't hang around show off ! " Pigwidgeon hoot happily , his head protrude over Ron 's fist . the third-year girl all look very shocked . " clear off ! " Ron snap at them , wave the fist hold Pigwidgeon , who hoot more happily than ever as he soar through the air . " here -- take it , Harry , " Ron add in an undertone as the third-year girl scuttle away look scandalize . he pull Sirius 's reply off Pigwidgeon 's leg , Harry pocket it , and they hurry back to Gryffindor Tower to read it . everyone in the common room be much too busy in let off more holiday steam to observe what anyone else be up to . Ron , Harry , and Hermione sit apart from everyone else by a dark window that be gradually fill up with snow , and Harry read out : Dear Harry , congratulation on get past the horntail . whoever put your name in that goblet should n't be feel too happy right now ! I be go to suggest a Conjunctivitis Curse , as a dragon 's eye be its weak point -- " that be what Krum do ! " Hermione whisper -- but your way be good , I be impress . do n't get complacent , though , Harry . you have only do one task ; whoever put you in for the tournament 's get plenty more opportunity if they be try to hurt you . keep your eye open -- particularly when the person we discuss be around -- and concentrate on keep yourself out of trouble . keep in touch , I still want to hear about anything unusual . Sirius " he sound exactly like moody , " say Harry quietly , tuck the letter away again inside his robe . " ' Constant vigilance ! ' you will think I walk around with my eye shut , bang off the wall ... " " but he be right , Harry , " say Hermione , " you have still get two task to do . you really ought to have a look at that egg , you know , and start work out what it mean ... " " Hermione , he have get age ! " snap Ron . " want a game of chess , Harry ? " " yeah , okay , " say Harry . then , spot the look on Hermione 's face , he say , " come on , how be I suppose to concentrate with all this noise go on ? I wo n't even be able to hear the egg over this lot . " " oh I suppose not , " she sigh , and she sit down to watch their chess match , which culminate in an exciting checkmate of Ron 's , involve a couple of recklessly brave pawn and a very violent bishop . Harry awake very suddenly on Christmas Day . wonder what have cause his abrupt return to consciousness , he open his eye , and see something with very large , round , green eye stare back at him in the darkness , so close they be almost nose to nose . " dobby ! " Harry yell , scramble away from the elf so fast he almost fall out of bed . " do n't do that ! " " Dobby be sorry , sir ! " squeak Dobby anxiously , jump backward with his long finger over his mouth . " Dobby be only want to wish Harry Potter ' Merry Christmas ' and bring him a present , sir ! Harry Potter do say Dobby could come and see him sometimes , sir ! " " it be okay , " say Harry , still breathe rather faster than usual , while his heart rate return to normal . " just -- just prod me or something in future , all right , do n't bend over me like that ... " Harry pull back the curtain around his four-poster , take his glass from his bedside table , and put them on . his yell have awake Ron , Seamus , Dean , and Neville . all of them be peer through the gap in their own hanging , heavy-eyed and tousle-haired . " someone attack you , Harry ? " Seamus ask sleepily . " no , it be just Dobby , " Harry mutter . " go back to sleep . " " Nah ... present ! " say Seamus , spot the large pile at the foot of his bed . Ron , Dean , and Neville decide that now they be awake they might as well get down to some present-opening too . Harry turn back to Dobby , who be now stand nervously next to Harry 's bed , still look worried that he have upset Harry . there be a Christmas bauble tie to the loop on top of his tea cozy . " can Dobby give Harry Potter his present ? " he squeak tentatively . " ' Course you can , " say Harry . " er ... I have get something for you too . " it be a lie ; he have n't buy anything for Dobby at all , but he quickly open his trunk and pull out a particularly knobbly rolled-up pair of sock . they be his old and foul , mustard yellow , and have once belong to Uncle Vernon . the reason they be extra-knobbly be that Harry have be use them to cushion his Sneakoscope for over a year now . he pull out the Sneakoscope and hand the sock to Dobby , say , " sorry , I forget to wrap them ... " but Dobby be utterly delight . " sock be Dobby 's favorite , favorite clothes , sir ! " he say , rip off his odd one and pull on Uncle Vernon 's . " I have seven now , sir ... but sir ... " he say , his eye widening , have pull both sock up to their high extent , so that they reach to the bottom of his short , " they have make a mistake in the shop , Harry Potter , they be give you two the same ! " " ah , no , Harry , how come you do n't spot that ? " say Ron , grin over from his own bed , which be now strew with wrap paper . " tell you what , Dobby -- here you go -- take these two , and you can mix them up properly . and here be your sweater . " he throw Dobby a pair of violet sock he have just unwrap , and the hand-knit sweater Mrs. Weasley have send . Dobby look quite overwhelm . " Sir be very kind ! " he squeak , his eye brim with tear again , bow deeply to Ron . " Dobby know sir must be a great wizard , for he be Harry Potter 's great friend , but Dobby do not know that he be also as generous of spirit , as noble , as selfless -- " " they be only sock , " say Ron , who have go slightly pink around the ear , though he look rather please all the same . " wow , Harry -- " he have just open Harry 's present , a Chudley Cannon hat . " cool ! " he jam it onto his head , where it clash horribly with his hair . Dobby now hand Harry a small package , which turn out to be -- sock . " Dobby be make them himself , sir ! " the elf say happily . " he be buy the wool out of his wage , sir ! " the left sock be bright red and have a pattern of broomstick upon it ; the right sock be green with a pattern of Snitches . " they be ... they be really ... well , thanks , Dobby , " say Harry , and he pull them on , cause Dobby 's eye to leak with happiness again . " Dobby must go now , sir , we be already make Christmas dinner in the kitchen ! " say Dobby , and he hurry out of the dormitory , wave good-bye to Ron and the other as he pass . Harry 's other present be much more satisfactory than Dobby 's odd sock -- with the obvious exception of the Dursley ' , which consist of a single tissue , an all-time low -- Harry suppose they too be remember the Ton-Tongue Toffee . Hermione have give Harry a book call Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland ; Ron , a bulge bag of Dungbombs ; Sirius , a handy penknife with attachment to unlock any lock and undo any knot ; and Hagrid , a vast box of sweet include all Harry 's favorite : Bertie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans , Chocolate Frogs , Drooble 's Best Blowing Gum , and Fizzing Whizbees . there be also , of course , Mrs. Weasley 's usual package , include a new sweater ( green , with a picture of a dragon on it -- Harry suppose Charlie have tell her all about the horntail ) , and a large quantity of homemade mince pie . Harry and Ron meet up with Hermione in the common room , and they go down to breakfast together . they spend most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower , where everyone be enjoy their present , then return to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch , which include at least a hundred turkey and Christmas pudding , and large pile of Cribbage 's Wizarding Crackers . they go out onto the ground in the afternoon ; the snow be untouched except for the deep channel make by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons student on their way up to the castle . Hermione choose to watch Harry and the Weasleys ' snowball fight rather than join in , and at five o'clock say she be go back upstairs to get ready for the ball . " what , you need three hour ? " say Ron , look at her incredulously and pay for his lapse in concentration when a large snowball , throw by George , hit him hard on the side of the head . " who be you go with ? " he yell after Hermione , but she just wave and disappear up the stone step into the castle . there be no Christmas tea today , as the ball include a feast , so at seven o'clock , when it have become hard to aim properly , the other abandon their snowball fight and troop back to the common room . the Fat Lady be sit in her frame with her friend Violet from downstairs , both of them extremely tipsy , empty box of chocolate liqueur litter the bottom of her picture . " lairy fight , that be the one ! " she giggle when they give the password , and she swing forward to let them inside . Harry , Ron , Seamus , Dean , and Neville change into their dress robe up in their dormitory , all of them look very self-conscious , but none as much as Ron , who survey himself in the long mirror in the corner with an appall look on his face . there be just no get around the fact that his robe look more like a dress than anything else . in a desperate attempt to make them look more manly , he use a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuff . it work fairly well ; at least he be now lace-free , although he have n't do a very neat job , and the edge still look depressingly fray as the boy set off downstairs . " I still ca n't work out how you two get the best-looking girl in the year , " mutter Dean . " animal magnetism , " say Ron gloomily , pull stray thread out of his cuff . the common room look strange , full of people wear different color instead of the usual mass of black . Parvati be wait for Harry at the foot of the stair . she look very pretty indeed , in robe of shocking pink , with her long dark plait braid with gold , and gold bracelet glimmer at her wrist . Harry be relieve to see that she be n't giggle . " you -- er -- look nice , " he say awkwardly . " thanks , " she say . " Padma be go to meet you in the entrance hall , " she add to Ron . " right , " say Ron , look around . " where be Hermione ? " Parvati shrug . " shall we go down then , Harry ? " " okay , " say Harry , wish he could just stay in the common room . Fred wink at Harry as he pass him on the way out of the portrait hole . the entrance hall be pack with student too , all milling around wait for eight o'clock , when the door to the Great Hall would be throw open . those people who be meet partner from different house be edge through the crowd try to find one another . Parvati find her sister , Padma , and lead her over to Harry and Ron . " hi , " say Padma , who be look just as pretty as Parvati in robe of bright turquoise . she do n't look too enthusiastic about have Ron as a partner , though ; her dark eye linger on the fray neck and sleeve of his dress robe as she look him up and down . " hi , " say Ron , not look at her , but stare around at the crowd . " oh no ... " he bend his knee slightly to hide behind Harry , because Fleur Delacour be pass , look stunning in robe of silver-gray satin , and accompany by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain , Roger Davies . when they have disappear , Ron stand straight again and stare over the head of the crowd . " where be Hermione ? " he say again . a group of Slytherins come up the step from their dungeon common room . Malfoy be in front ; he be wear dress robe of black velvet with a high collar , which in Harry 's opinion make him look like a vicar . Pansy Parkinson in very frilly robe of pale pink be clutch Malfoy 's arm . Crabbe and Goyle be both wear green ; they resemble moss-colored boulder , and neither of them , Harry be please to see , have manage to find a partner . the oak front door open , and everyone turn to look as the Durmstrang student enter with Professor Karkaroff . Krum be at the front of the party , accompany by a pretty girl in blue robe Harry do n't know . over their head he see that an area of lawn right in front of the castle have be transform into a sort of grotto full of fairy light -- mean hundred of actual living fairy be sit in the rosebushes that have be conjure there , and flutter over the statue of what seem to be Father Christmas and his reindeer . then Professor McGonagall 's voice call , " champion over here , please ! " Parvati readjust her bangle , beam ; she and Harry say " see you in a minute " to Ron and Padma and walk forward , the chatter crowd part to let them through . Professor McGonagall , who be wear dress robe of red tartan and have arrange a rather ugly wreath of thistle around the brim of her hat , tell them to wait on one side of the door while everyone else go inside ; they be to enter the Great Hall in procession when the rest of the student have sit down . Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies station themselves nearest the door ; Davies look so stun by his good fortune in have Fleur for a partner that he could hardly take his eye off her . Cedric and Cho be close to Harry too ; he look away from them so he would n't have to talk to them . his eye fall instead on the girl next to Krum . his jaw drop . it be Hermione . but she do n't look like Hermione at all . she have do something with her hair ; it be no longer bushy but sleek and shiny , and twist up into an elegant knot at the back of her head . she be wear robe make of a floaty , periwinkle-blue material , and she be hold herself differently , somehow -- or maybe it be merely the absence of the twenty or so book she usually have sling over her back . she be also smile -- rather nervously , it be true -- but the reduction in the size of her front tooth be more noticeable than ever ; Harry could n't understand how he have n't spot it before . " hi , Harry ! " she say . " hi , Parvati ! " Parvati be gaze at Hermione in unflattering disbelief . she be n't the only one either ; when the door to the Great Hall open , Krum 's fan club from the library stalk past , throw Hermione look of deep loathing . Pansy Parkinson gape at her as she walk by with Malfoy , and even he do n't seem to be able to find an insult to throw at her . Ron , however , walk right past Hermione without look at her . once everyone else be settle in the Hall , Professor McGonagall tell the champion and their partner to get in line in pair and to follow her . they do so , and everyone in the Great Hall applaud as they enter and start walk up toward a large round table at the top of the Hall , where the judge be sit . the wall of the Hall have all be cover in sparkling silver frost , with hundred of garland of mistletoe and ivy cross the starry black ceiling . the House table have vanish ; instead , there be about a hundred small , lantern-lit one , each seating about a dozen people . Harry concentrate on not trip over his foot . Parvati seem to be enjoy herself ; she be beam around at everybody , steer Harry so forcefully that he feel as though he be a show dog she be put through its pace . he catch sight of Ron and Padma as he near the top table . Ron be watch Hermione pass with narrow eye . Padma be look sulky . Dumbledore smile happily as the champion approach the top table , but Karkaroff wear an expression remarkably like Ron 's as he watch Krum and Hermione draw near . ludo Bagman , tonight in robe of bright purple with large yellow star , be clap as enthusiastically as any of the student ; and Madame Maxime , who have change her usual uniform of black satin for a flowing gown of lavender silk , be applaud them politely . but Mr. Crouch , Harry suddenly realize , be not there . the fifth seat at the table be occupy by Percy Weasley . when the champion and their partner reach the table , Percy draw out the empty chair beside him , stare pointedly at Harry . Harry take the hint and sit down next to Percy , who be wear brand-new , navy-blue dress robe and an expression of such smugness that Harry think it ought to be fine . " I have be promote , " Percy say before Harry could even ask , and from his tone , he might have be announce his election as supreme ruler of the universe . " I be now Mr. Crouch 's personal assistant , and I be here represent him . " " why do n't he come ? " Harry ask . he be n't look forward to be lecture on cauldron bottom all through dinner . " I be afraid to say Mr. Crouch be n't well , not well at all . have n't be right since the World Cup . hardly surprising -- overwork . he be not as young as he be -- though still quite brilliant , of course , the mind remain as great as it ever be . but the World Cup be a fiasco for the whole Ministry , and then , Mr. Crouch suffer a huge personal shock with the misbehavior of that house-elf of his , Blinky , or whatever she be call . naturally , he dismiss her immediately afterward , but -- well , as I say , he be get on , he need look after , and I think he be find a definite drop in his home comfort since she leave . and then we have the tournament to arrange , and the aftermath of the Cup to deal with -- that revolting Skeeter woman buzz around -- no , poor man , he be have a well earn , quiet Christmas . I be just glad he know he have someone he could rely upon to take his place . " Harry want very much to ask whether Mr. Crouch have stop call Percy " Weatherby " yet , but resist the temptation . there be no food as yet on the glitter golden plate , but small menu be lie in front of each of them . Harry pick his up uncertainly and look around -- there be no waiter . Dumbledore , however , look carefully down at his own menu , then say very clearly to his plate , " Pork chop ! " and pork chop appear . get the idea , the rest of the table place their order with their plate too . Harry glance up at Hermione to see how she feel about this new and more complicated method of dining -- surely it mean plenty of extra work for the house-elves ? -- but for once , Hermione do n't seem to be think about S.P.E.W. she be deep in talk with Viktor Krum and hardly seem to notice what she be eat . it now occur to Harry that he have never actually hear Krum speak before , but he be certainly talk now , and very enthusiastically at that . " Veil , ve have a castle also , not as big as this , nor as comfortable , I be think , " he be tell Hermione . " Ve have just four floor , and the fire be light only for magical purpose . but ve have ground large even than these -- though in vinter , ve have very little daylight , so ve be not enjoy them . but in summer ve be fly every day , over the lake and the mountain -- " " now , now , Viktor ! " say Karkaroff with a laugh that do n't reach his cold eye , " do n't go give away anything else , now , or your charming friend will know exactly where to find us ! " Dumbledore smile , his eye twinkling . " Igor , all this secrecy ... one would almost think you do n't want visitor . " " well , Dumbledore , " say Karkaroff , display his yellow tooth to their full extent , " we be all protective of our private domain , be we not ? do we not jealously guard the hall of learn that have be entrust to us ? be we not right to be proud that we alone know our school 's secret , and right to protect them ? " " oh I would never dream of assume I know all Hogwarts ' secret , Igor , " say Dumbledore amicably . " only this morning , for instance , I take a wrong turning on the way to the bathroom and find myself in a beautifully proportion room I have never see before , contain a really rather magnificent collection of chamber pot . when I go back to investigate more closely , I discover that the room have vanish . but I must keep an eye out for it . possibly it be only accessible at five-thirty in the morning . or it may only appear at the quarter moon -- or when the seeker have an exceptionally full bladder . " Harry snort into his plate of goulash . Percy frown , but Harry could have swear Dumbledore have give him a very small wink . meanwhile Fleur Delacour be criticize the Hogwarts decoration to Roger Davies . " Zis be nothing , " she say dismissively , look around at the sparkling wall of the Great Hall . " at ze palace of Beauxbatons , we ' ave ice sculpture all around ze dining chamber at Chreestmas . Zey do not melt , of course ... zey be like ' uge statue of diamond , glitter around ze place . and ze food be seemply superb . and we ' ave choir of wood nymph , ' oo serenade us as we eat . we ' ave none of zis ugly armor in ze ' all , and eef a poltergeist ever entaired into Beauxbatons , ' e would be expel like zat . " she slap her hand onto the table impatiently . Roger Davies be watch her talk with a very daze look on his face , and he keep miss his mouth with his fork . Harry have the impression that Davies be too busy stare at Fleur to take in a word she be say . " absolutely right , " he say quickly , slap his own hand down on the table in imitation of Fleur . " like that . yeah . " Harry look around the Hall . Hagrid be sit at one of the other staff table ; he be back in his horrible hairy brown suit and gaze up at the top table . Harry see him give a small wave , and look around , see Madame Maxime return it , her opal glitter in the candlelight . Hermione be now teach Krum to say her name properly ; he keep call her " Hermy-own . " " Her-my-oh-nee , " she say slowly and clearly . " Herm-own-ninny . " " close enough , " she say , catch Harry 's eye and grin . when all the food have be consume , Dumbledore stand up and ask the student to do the same . then , with a wave of his wand , all the table zoom back along the wall leave the floor clear , and then he conjure a raise platform into existence along the right wall . a set of drum , several guitar , a lute , a cello , and some bagpipes be set upon it . the Weird Sisters now troop up onto the stage to wildly enthusiastic applause ; they be all extremely hairy and dress in black robe that have be artfully rip and tear . they pick up their instrument , and Harry , who have be so interested in watch them that he have almost forget what be come , suddenly realize that the lantern on all the other table have go out , and that the other champion and their partner be stand up . " come on ! " Parvati hiss . " we be suppose to dance ! " Harry trip over his dress robe as he stand up . the Weird Sisters strike up a slow , mournful tune ; Harry walk onto the brightly light dance floor , carefully avoid catch anyone 's eye ( he could see Seamus and Dean wave at him and snigger ) , and next moment , Parvati have seize his hand , place one around her waist , and be hold the other tightly in hers . it be n't as bad as it could have be , Harry think , revolve slowly on the spot ( Parvati be steer ) . he keep his eye fix over the head of the watch people , and very soon many of them too have come onto the dance floor , so that the champion be no longer the center of attention . Neville and Ginny be dance nearby -- he could see Ginny wince frequently as Neville tread on her foot -- and Dumbledore be waltz with Madame Maxime . he be so dwarf by her that the top of his pointed hat barely tickle her chin ; however , she move very gracefully for a woman so large . Mad-Eye Moody be do an extremely ungainly two-step with Professor Sinistra , who be nervously avoid his wooden leg . " nice sock , Potter , " Moody growl as he pass , his magical eye stare through Harry 's robe . " oh -- yeah , Dobby the house-elf knit them for me , " say Harry , grin . " he be so creepy ! " Parvati whisper as Moody clunk away . " I do n't think that eye should be allow ! " Harry hear the final , quaver note from the bagpipe with relief . the Weird Sisters stop play , applause fill the hall once more , and Harry let go of Parvati at once . " let be sit down , shall we ? " " oh -- but -- this be a really good one ! " Parvati say as the Weird Sisters strike up a new song , which be much faster . " no , I do n't like it , " Harry lie , and he lead her away from the dance floor , past Fred and Angelina , who be dance so exhuberantly that people around them be back away in fear of injury , and over to the table where Ron and Padma be sit . " how be it go ? " Harry ask Ron , sit down and open a bottle of butterbeer . Ron do n't answer . he be glaring at Hermione and Krum , who be dance nearby . Padma be sit with her arm and leg cross , one foot jiggle in time to the music . every now and then she throw a disgruntled look at Ron , who be completely ignore her . Parvati sit down on Harry 's other side , cross her arm and leg too , and within minute be ask to dance by a boy from Beauxbatons . " you do n't mind , do you , Harry ? " Parvati say . " what ? " say Harry , who be now watch Cho and Cedric . " oh never mind , " snap Parvati , and she go off with the boy from Beauxbatons . when the song end , she do not return . Hermione come over and sit down in Parvati 's empty chair . she be a bit pink in the face from dancing . " hi , " say Harry . Ron do n't say anything . " it be hot , be n't it ? " say Hermione , fan herself with her hand . " Viktor 's just go to get some drink . " Ron give her a wither look . " Viktor ? " he say . " have n't he ask you to call him Vicky yet ? " Hermione look at him in surprise . " what be up with you ? " she say . " if you do n't know , " say Ron scathingly , " I be not go to tell you . " Hermione stare at him , then at Harry , who shrug . " Ron , what -- ? " " he be from Durmstrang ! " spit Ron . " he be compete against Harry ! against Hogwarts ! you -- you be -- " Ron be obviously cast around for word strong enough to describe Hermione 's crime , " fraternize with the enemy , that be what you be do ! " Hermione 's mouth fall open . " do n't be so stupid ! " she say after a moment . " the enemy ! honestly -- who be the one who be all excite when they see him arrive ? who be the one who want his autograph ? who be get a model of him up in their dormitory ? " Ron choose to ignore this . " I s'pose he ask you to come with him while you be both in the library ? " " yes , he do , " say Hermione , the pink patch on her cheek glow more brightly . " so what ? " " what happen -- try to get him to join spew , be you ? " " no , I be n't ! if you really want to know , he -- he say he have be come up to the library every day to try and talk to me , but he have n't be able to pluck up the courage ! " Hermione say this very quickly , and blush so deeply that she be the same color as Parvati 's robe . " yeah , well -- that be his story , " say Ron nastily . " and what be that suppose to mean ? " " obvious , be n't it ? he be Karkaroff 's student , be n't he ? he know who you hang around with ... he be just try to get closer to Harry -- get inside information on him -- or get near enough to jinx him -- " Hermione look as though Ron have slap her . when she speak , her voice quiver . " for your information , he have n't ask me one single thing about Harry , not one -- " Ron change tack at the speed of light . " then he be hope you will help him find out what his egg mean ! I suppose you have be put your head together during those cozy little library session -- " " I will never help him work out that egg ! " say Hermione , look outrage . " never . how could you say something like that -- I want Harry to win the tournament , Harry know that , do n't you , Harry ? " " you have get a funny way of show it , " sneer Ron . " this whole tournament be suppose to be about get to know foreign wizard and make friend with them ! " say Hermione hotly . " no it be n't ! " shout Ron . " it be about win ! " people be start to stare at them . " Ron , " say Harry quietly , " I have n't get a problem with Hermione come with Krum -- " but Ron ignore Harry too . " why do n't you go and find Vicky , he will be wonder where you be , " say Ron . " do n't call him Vicky ! " Hermione jump to her foot and storm off across the dance floor , disappear into the crowd . Ron watch her go with a mixture of anger and satisfaction on his face . " be you go to ask me to dance at all ? " Padma ask him . " no , " say Ron , still glaring after Hermione . " fine , " snap Padma , and she get up and go to join Parvati and the Beauxbatons boy , who conjure up one of his friend to join them so fast that Harry could have swear he have zoom him there by a Summoning Charm . " Vare be Herm-own-ninny ? " say a voice . Krum have just arrive at their table clutch two butterbeers . " no idea , " say Ron mulishly , look up at him . " lose her , have you ? " Krum be look surly again . " Veil , if you see her , tell her I haff drink , " he say , and he slouch off . " make friend with Viktor Krum , have you , Ron ? " Percy have bustle over , rub his hand together and look extremely pompous . " excellent ! that be the whole point , you know -- international magical cooperation ! " to Harry 's displeasure , Percy now take Padma 's vacate seat . the top table be now empty ; Professor Dumbledore be dance with Professor Sprout , Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall ; Madame Maxime and Hagrid be cut a wide path around the dance floor as they waltz through the student , and Karkaroff be nowhere to be see . when the next song end , everybody applaud once more , and Harry see Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall 's hand and make his way back through the crowd , at which point Fred and George accost him . " what do they think they be do , annoy senior Ministry member ? " Percy hiss , watch Fred and George suspiciously . " no respect ... " Ludo Bagman shake off Fred and George fairly quickly , however , and , spot Harry , wave and come over to their table . " I hope my brother be n't bother you , Mr. Bagman ? " say Percy at once . " what ? oh not at all , not at all ! " say Bagman . " no , they be just tell me a bit more about those fake wand of theirs . wonder if I could advise them on the marketing . I have promise to put them in touch with a couple of contact of mine at Zonko 's Joke Shop ... " Percy do n't look happy about this at all , and Harry be prepare to bet he would be rush to tell Mrs. Weasley about this the moment he get home . apparently Fred and George 's plan have grow even more ambitious lately , if they be hope to sell to the public . bagman open his mouth to ask Harry something , but Percy divert him . " how do you feel the tournament be go , Mr. Bagman ? our department be quite satisfy -- the hitch with the Goblet of Fire " -- he glance at Harry -- " be a little unfortunate , of course , but it seem to have go very smoothly since , do n't you think ? " " oh yes , " Bagman say cheerfully , " it have all be enormous fun . how be old Barty do ? shame he could n't come . " " oh I be sure Mr. Crouch will be up and about in no time , " say Percy importantly , " but in the meantime , I be more than willing to take up the slack . of course , it be not all attend ball " -- he laugh airily -- " oh no , I have have to deal with all sort of thing that have crop up in his absence -- you hear Ali Bashir be catch smuggle a consignment of fly carpet into the country ? and then we have be try to persuade the Transylvanians to sign the International Ban on Dueling . I have get a meeting with their Head of Magical Cooperation in the new year -- " " let be go for a walk , " Ron mutter to Harry , " get away from Percy ... " Pretending they want more drink , Harry and Ron leave the table , edge around the dance floor , and slip out into the entrance hall . the front door stand open , and the flutter fairy light in the rose garden wink and twinkle as they go down the front step , where they find themselves surround by bush ; wind , ornamental path ; and large stone statue . Harry could hear splash water , which sound like a fountain . here and there , people be sit on carve bench . he and Ron set off along one of the wind path through the rosebushes , but they have go only a short way when they hear an unpleasantly familiar voice . " ... do n't see what there be to fuss about , Igor . " " Severus , you can pretend this be n't happen ! " Karkaroff 's voice sound anxious and hush , as though keen not to be overhear . " it have be get clear and clear for month . I be become seriously concerned , I ca n't deny it -- " " then flee , " say Snape 's voice curtly . " flee -- I will make your excuse . I , however , be remain at Hogwarts . " Snape and Karkaroff come around the corner . Snape have his wand out and be blast rosebushes apart , his expression most ill-natured . squeal issue from many of the bush , and dark shape emerge from them . " ten point from Ravenclaw , Fawcett ! " Snape snarl as a girl run past him . " and ten point from Hufflepuff too , Stebbins ! " as a boy go rush after her . " and what be you two doing ? " he add , catch sight of Harry and Ron on the path ahead . Karkaroff , Harry see , look slightly discompose to see them stand there . his hand go nervously to his goatee , and he begin wind it around his finger . " we be walk , " Ron tell Snape shortly . " not against the law , be it ? " " keep walking , then ! " Snape snarl , and he brush past them , his long black cloak billow out behind him . Karkaroff hurry away after Snape . Harry and Ron continue down the path . " what have get Karkaroff all worried ? " Ron mutter . " and since when have he and Snape be on first-name term ? " say Harry slowly . they have reach a large stone reindeer now , over which they could see the sparkling jet of a tall fountain . the shadowy outline of two enormous people be visible on a stone bench , watch the water in the moonlight . and then Harry hear Hagrid speak . " Momen ' I see yeh , I know , " he be say , in an oddly husky voice . Harry and Ron freeze . this do n't sound like the sort of scene they ought to walk in on , somehow ... Harry look around , back up the path , and see Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies standing half-concealed in a rosebush nearby . he tap Ron on the shoulder and jerk his head toward them , mean that they could easily sneak off that way without be notice ( Fleur and Davies look very busy to Harry ) , but Ron , eye widen in horror at the sight of Fleur , shake his head vigorously , and pull Harry deep into the shadow behind the reindeer . " what do you know , ' Agrid ? " say Madame Maxime , a purr in her low voice . Harry definitely do n't want to listen to this ; he know Hagrid would hate to be overhear in a situation like this ( he certainly would have ) -- if it have be possible he would have put his finger in his ear and hum loudly , but that be n't really an option . instead he try to interest himself in a beetle crawl along the stone reindeer 's back , but the beetle just be n't interesting enough to block out Hagrid 's next word . " I jus ' know ... know you be like me ... be it yer mother or yer father ? " " I -- I do n't know what you mean , ' Agrid ... " " it be my mother , " say Hagrid quietly . " she be one o ' the la ' one in Britain . ' Course , I can ' remember her too well ... she leave , see . when I be abou ' three . she wasn ' really the maternal sort . well ... it be not in their nature , be it ? dunno what happen to her ... might be dead fer all I know ... " Madame Maxime do n't say anything . and Harry , in spite of himself , take his eye off the beetle and look over the top of the reindeer 's antler , listen ... he have never hear Hagrid talk about his childhood before . " me dad be broken-hearted when she wen ' . tiny little bloke , my dad be . by the time I be six I could lift him up an ' put him on top o ' the dresser if he annoy me . use ter make him laugh ... " Hagrid 's deep voice break . Madame Maxime be listen , motionless , apparently stare at the silvery fountain . " Dad raise me ... but he die , o ' course , jus ' after I start school . sorta have ter make me own way after that . Dumbledore be a real help , mind . very kind ter me , he be ... " Hagrid pull out a large spotted silk handkerchief and blow his nose heavily . " so ... anyway ... enough abou ' me . what about you ? which side you get it on ? " but Madame Maxime have suddenly get to her foot . " it be chilly , " she say -- but whatever the weather be do , it be nowhere near as cold as her voice . " I think I will go in now . " " Eh ? " say Hagrid blankly . " no , don ' go ! I have -- I have never meet another one before ! " " Anuzzer what , precisely ? " say Madame Maxime , her tone icy . Harry could have tell Hagrid it be well not to answer ; he stand there in the shadow grit his tooth , hope against hope he would n't -- but it be no good . " another half-giant , o ' course ! " say Hagrid . " ' Ow dare you ! " shriek Madame Maxime . her voice explode through the peaceful night air like a foghorn ; behind him , Harry hear Fleur and Roger fall out of their rosebush . " I ' ave nevair be more insult in my life ! ' Alf-giant ? Moi ? I ' ave -- I ' ave big bone ! " she storm away ; great multicolored swarm of fairy rise into the air as she pass , angrily push aside bush . Hagrid be still sit on the bench , stare after her . it be much too dark to make out his expression . then , after about a minute , he stand up and stride away , not back to the castle , but off out into the dark ground in the direction of his cabin . " C'mon , " Harry say , very quietly to Ron . " let be go ... " but Ron do n't move . " what be up ? " say Harry , look at him . Ron look around at Harry , his expression very serious indeed . " do you know ? " he whisper . " about Hagrid be half-giant ? " " no , " Harry say , shrug . " so what ? " he know immediately , from the look Ron be give him , that he be once again reveal his ignorance of the wizarding world . bring up by the Dursley , there be many thing that wizard take for granted that be revelation to Harry , but these surprise have become few with each successive year . now , however , he could tell that most wizard would not have say " so what ? " upon find out that one of their friend have a giantess for a mother . " I will explain inside , " say Ron quietly , " c'mon ... " Fleur and Roger Davies have disappear , probably into a more private clump of bush . Harry and Ron return to the Great Hall . Parvati and Padma be now sit at a distant table with a whole crowd of Beauxbatons boy , and Hermione be once more dancing with Krum . Harry and Ron sit down at a table far remove from the dance floor . " so ? " Harry prompt Ron . " what be the problem with giant ? " " well , they be ... they be ... " Ron struggle for word . " ... not very nice , " he finish lamely . " who care ? " Harry say . " there be nothing wrong with Hagrid ! " " I know there be n't , but ... blimey , no wonder he keep it quiet , " Ron say , shake his head . " I always think he have get in the way of a bad Engorgement Charm when he be a kid or something . do n't like to mention it ... " " but what be it matter if his mother be a giantess ? " say Harry . " well ... no one who know him will care , ' cos they will know he be not dangerous , " say Ron slowly . " but ... Harry , they be just vicious , giant . it be like Hagrid say , it be in their nature , they be like troll ... they just like killing , everyone know that . there be n't any left in Britain now , though . " " what happen to them ? " " well , they be die out anyway , and then load get themselves kill by Aurors . there be suppose to be giant abroad , though ... they hide out in mountain mostly ... " " I do n't know who Maxime think she be kid , " Harry say , watch Madame Maxime sit alone at the judge ' table , look very somber . " if Hagrid 's half-giant , she definitely be . big bone ... the only thing that have get big bone than her be a dinosaur . " Harry and Ron spend the rest of the ball discuss giant in their corner , neither of them have any inclination to dance . Harry try not to watch Cho and Cedric too much ; it give him a strong desire to kick something . when the Weird Sisters finish play at midnight , everyone give them a last , loud round of applause and start to wend their way into the entrance hall . many people be express the wish that the ball could have go on long , but Harry be perfectly happy to be go to bed ; as far as he be concern , the evening have n't be much fun . out in the entrance hall , Harry and Ron see Hermione say good night to Krum before he go back to the Durmstrang ship . she give Ron a very cold look and sweep past him up the marble staircase without speak . Harry and Ron follow her , but halfway up the staircase Harry hear someone call him . " hey -- Harry ! " it be Cedric Diggory . Harry could see Cho wait for him in the entrance hall below . " yeah ? " say Harry coldly as Cedric run up the stair toward him . Cedric look as though he do n't want to say whatever it be in front of Ron , who shrug , look bad-tempered , and continue to climb the stair . " listen ... " Cedric lower his voice as Ron disappear . " I owe you one for tell me about the dragon . you know that golden egg ? do yours wail when you open it ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " well ... take a bath , okay ? " " what ? " " take a bath , and -- er -- take the egg with you , and -- er -- just mull thing over in the hot water . it will help you think ... Trust me . Harry stare at him . " tell you what , " Cedric say , " use the prefect ' bathroom . fourth door to the left of that statue of Boris the Bewildered on the fifth floor . password 's ' pine fresh . ' Gotta go ... want to say good night -- " he grin at Harry again and hurry back down the stair to Cho . Harry walk back to Gryffindor Tower alone . that have be extremely strange advice . why would a bath help him to work out what the wail egg mean ? be Cedric pull his leg ? be he try to make Harry look like a fool , so Cho would like him even more by comparison ? the Fat Lady and her friend Vi be snooze in the picture over the portrait hole . Harry have to yell " Fairy light ! " before he wake them up , and when he do , they be extremely irritate . he climb into the common room and find Ron and Hermione have a blaze row . stand ten foot apart , they be bellow at each other , each scarlet in the face . " well , if you do n't like it , you know what the solution be , do n't you ? " yell Hermione ; her hair be come down out of its elegant bun now , and her face be screw up in anger . " oh yeah ? " Ron yell back . " what be that ? " " next time there be a ball , ask me before someone else do , and not as a last resort ! " Ron mouth soundlessly like a goldfish out of water as Hermione turn on her heel and storm up the girl ' staircase to bed . Ron turn to look at Harry . " well , " he sputter , look thunderstruck , " well -- that just prove -- completely miss the point -- " Harry do n't say anything . he like be back on speak term with Ron too much to speak his mind right now -- but he somehow think that Hermione have get the point much well than Ron have . Chapter @card@ Rita Skeeter 's Scoop Everybody get up late on Boxing Day . the Gryffindor common room be much quiet than it have be lately , many yawn punctuate the lazy conversation . Hermione 's hair be bushy again ; she confess to Harry that she have use liberal amount of Sleekeazy 's Hair Potion on it for the ball , " but it be way too much bother to do every day , " she say matter-of-factly , scratch a purr Crookshanks behind the ear . Ron and Hermione seem to have reach an unspoken agreement not to discuss their argument . they be be quite friendly to each other , though oddly formal . Ron and Harry waste no time in tell Hermione about the conversation they have overhear between Madame Maxime and Hagrid , but Hermione do n't seem to find the news that Hagrid be a half-giant nearly as shocking as Ron do . " well , I think he must be , " she say , shrug . " I know he could n't be pure giant because they be about twenty foot tall . but honestly , all this hysteria about giant . they ca n't all be horrible ... it be the same sort of prejudice that people have toward werewolf ... it be just bigotry , be n't it ? " Ron look as though he would have like to reply scathingly , but perhaps he do n't want another row , because he content himself with shake his head disbelievingly while Hermione be n't look . it be time now to think of the homework they have neglect during the first week of the holiday . everybody seem to be feel rather flat now that Christmas be over -- everybody except Harry , that be , who be start ( once again ) to feel slightly nervous . the trouble be that February the twenty-fourth look a lot closer from this side of Christmas , and he still have n't do anything about work out the clue inside the golden egg . he therefore start take the egg out of his trunk every time he go up to the dormitory , open it , and listen intently , hope that this time it would make some sense . he strain to think what the sound remind him of , apart from thirty musical saw , but he have never hear anything else like it . he close the egg , shake it vigorously , and open it again to see if the sound have change , but it have n't . he try ask the egg question , shout over all the wail , but nothing happen . he even throw the egg across the room -- though he have n't really expect that to help . Harry have not forget the hint that Cedric have give him , but his less-than-friendly feeling toward Cedric just now mean that he be keen not to take his help if he could avoid it . in any case , it seem to him that if Cedric have really want to give Harry a hand , he would have be a lot more explicit . he , Harry , have tell Cedric exactly what be come in the first task -- and Cedric 's idea of a fair exchange have be to tell Harry to take a bath . well , he do n't need that sort of rubbishy help -- not from someone who keep walk down corridor hand in hand with Cho , anyway . and so the first day of the new term arrive , and Harry set off to lesson , weigh down with book , parchment , and quill as usual , but also with the lurk worry of the egg heavy in his stomach , as though he be carry that around with him too . snow be still thick upon the ground , and the greenhouse window be cover in condensation so thick that they could n't see out of them in Herbology . nobody be look forward to Care of Magical Creatures much in this weather , though as Ron say , the skrewts would probably warm them up nicely , either by chase them , or blast off so forcefully that Hagrid 's cabin would catch fire . when they arrive at Hagrid 's cabin , however , they find an elderly witch with closely crop gray hair and a very prominent chin standing before his front door . " hurry up , now , the bell ring five minute ago , " she bark at them as they struggle toward her through the snow . " who be you ? " say Ron , stare at her . " where be Hagrid ? " " my name be Professor Grubbly-Plank , " she say briskly . " I be your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher . " " where be Hagrid ? " Harry repeat loudly . " he be indisposed , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly . soft and unpleasant laughter reach Harry 's ear . he turn ; Draco Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherins be join the class . all of them look gleeful , and none of them look surprise to see Professor Grubbly-Plank . " this way , please , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank , and she stride off around the paddock where the Beauxbatons horse be shiver . Harry , Ron , and Hermione follow her , look back over their shoulder at Hagrid 's cabin . all the curtain be close . be Hagrid in there , alone and ill ? " what be wrong with Hagrid ? " Harry say , hurry to catch up with Professor Grubbly-Plank . " never you mind , " she say as though she think he be be nosy . " I do mind , though , " say Harry hotly . " what be up with him ? " Professor Grubbly-Plank act as though she could n't hear him . she lead them past the paddock where the huge Beauxbatons horse be stand , huddle against the cold , and toward a tree on the edge of the forest , where a large and beautiful unicorn be tether . many of the girl " ooooohed ! " at the sight of the unicorn . " oh it be so beautiful ! " whisper Lavender Brown . " how do she get it ? they be suppose to be really hard to catch ! " the unicorn be so brightly white it make the snow all around look gray . it be paw the ground nervously with its golden hoof and throw back its horned head . " boy keep back ! " bark Professor Grubbly-Plank , throw out an arm and catch Harry hard in the chest . " they prefer the woman 's touch , unicorn . girl to the front , and approach with care , come on , easy do it ... " she and the girl walk slowly forward toward the unicorn , leave the boy stand near the paddock fence , watch . the moment Professor Grubbly-Plank be out of earshot , Harry turn to Ron . " what d'you reckon be wrong with him ? you do n't think a skrewt -- ? " " oh he have n't be attack , Potter , if that be what you be think , " say Malfoy softly . " no , he be just too ashamed to show his big , ugly face . " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry sharply . Malfoy put his hand inside the pocket of his robe and pull out a fold page of newsprint . " there you go , " he say . " hate to break it to you , Potter ... " he smirk as Harry snatch the page , unfold it , and read it , with Ron , Seamus , Dean , and Neville look over his shoulder . it be an article top with a picture of Hagrid look extremely shifty . DUMBLEDORE 's Giant MISTAKE Albus Dumbledore , eccentric Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , have never be afraid to make controversial staff appointment , write Rita Skeeter , special Correspondent . in September of this year , he hire Alastor " Mad-Eye " Moody , the notoriously jinx-happy ex-Auror , to teach defense against the Dark Arts , a decision that cause many raise eyebrow at the Ministry of Magic , give Moody 's well-known habit of attack anybody who make a sudden movement in his presence . Mad-Eye Moody , however , look responsible and kindly when set beside the part-human Dumbledore employ to teach Care of Magical Creatures . Rubeus Hagrid , who admit to be expel from Hogwarts in his third year , have enjoy the position of gamekeeper at the school ever since , a job secure for him by Dumbledore . last year , however , Hagrid use his mysterious influence over the headmaster to secure the additional post of Care of Magical Creatures teacher , over the head of many better-qualified candidate . an alarmingly large and ferocious-looking man , Hagrid have be use his newfound authority to terrify the student in his care with a succession of horrific creature . while Dumbledore turn a blind eye , Hagrid have maim several pupil during a series of lesson that many admit to be " very frightening . " " I be attack by a hippogriff , and my friend Vincent Crabbe get a bad bite off a flobberworm , " say Draco Malfoy , a fourth-year student . " we all hate Hagrid , but we be just too scare to say anything . " Hagrid have no intention of cease his campaign of intimidation , however . in conversation with a Daily Prophet reporter last month , he admit breed creature he have dub " Blast-Ended Skrewts , " highly dangerous crosse between manticores and fire-crabs . the creation of new breed of magical creature be , of course , an activity usually closely observe by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures . Hagrid , however , consider himself to be above such petty restriction . " I be just have some fun , " he say , before hastily change the subject . as if this be not enough , the Daily Prophet have now unearth evidence that Hagrid be not -- as he have always pretend -- a pure-blood wizard . he be not , in fact , even pure human . his mother , we can exclusively reveal , be none other than the giantess Fridwulfa , whose whereabouts be currently unknown . bloodthirsty and brutal , the giant bring themselves to the point of extinction by war amongst themselves during the last century . the handful that remain join the rank of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named , and be responsible for some of the bad mass Muggle killing of his reign of terror . while many of the giant who serve He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be kill by Aurors work against the Dark Side , Fridwulfa be not among them . it be possible she escape to one of the giant community still exist in foreign mountain range . if his antic during Care of Magical Creatures lesson be any guide , however , Fridwulfa 's son appear to have inherit her brutal nature . in a bizarre twist , Hagrid be repute to have develop a close friendship with the boy who bring around You-Know-Who 's fall from power -- thereby drive Hagrid 's own mother , like the rest of You-Know-Who 's supporter , into hiding . perhaps Harry Potter be unaware of the unpleasant truth about his large friend -- but Albus Dumbledore surely have a duty to ensure that Harry Potter , along with his fellow student , be warn about the danger of associate with part-giants . Harry finish reading and look up at Ron , whose mouth be hang open . " how do she find out ? " he whisper . but that be n't what be bother Harry . " what d'you mean , ' we all hate Hagrid ' ? " Harry spit at Malfoy . " what be this rubbish about him " -- he point at Crabbe -- " get a bad bite off a flobberworm ? they have n't even get tooth ! " Crabbe be snigger , apparently very pleased with himself . " well , I think this should put an end to the oaf 's teaching career , " say Malfoy , his eye glint . " Half-giant ... and there be me think he have just swallow a bottle of Skele-Gro when he be young ... none of the mummy and daddy be go to like this at all ... they will be worry he will eat their kid , ha , ha ... " " you -- " " be you pay attention over there ? " Professor Grubbly-Plank 's voice carry over to the boy ; the girl be all cluster around the unicorn now , stroke it . Harry be so angry that the Daily Prophet article shake in his hand as he turn to stare unseeingly at the unicorn , whose many magical property Professor Grubbly-Plank be now enumerate in a loud voice , so that the boy could hear too . " I hope she stay , that woman ! " say Parvati Patil when the lesson have end and they be all head back to the castle for lunch . " that be more what I think Care of Magical Creatures would be like ... proper creature like unicorn , not monster ... " " what about Hagrid ? " Harry say angrily as they go up the step . " what about him ? " say Parvati in a hard voice . " he can still be gamekeeper , ca n't he ? " Parvati have be very cool toward Harry since the ball . he suppose that he ought to have pay her a bit more attention , but she seem to have have a good time all the same . she be certainly tell anybody who would listen that she have make arrangement to meet the boy from Beauxbatons in Hogsmeade on the next weekend trip . " that be a really good lesson , " say Hermione as they enter the Great Hall . " I do n't know half the thing Professor Grubbly-Plank tell us about uni -- " " look at this ! " Harry snarl , and he shove the Daily Prophet article under Hermione 's nose . Hermione 's mouth fall open as she read . her reaction be exactly the same as Ron 's . " how do that horrible Skeeter woman find out ? you do n't think Hagrid tell her ? " " no , " say Harry , lead the way over to the Gryffindor table and throw himself into a chair , furious . " he never even tell us , do he ? I reckon she be so mad he would n't give her load of horrible stuff about me , she go ferret around to get him back . " " maybe she hear him tell Madame Maxime at the ball , " say Hermione quietly . " we will have see her in the garden ! " say Ron . " anyway , she be not suppose to come into school anymore , Hagrid say Dumbledore ban her ... " " maybe she have get an Invisibility Cloak , " say Harry , ladle chicken casserole onto his plate and splash it everywhere in his anger . " sort of thing she will do , be n't it , hide in bush listen to people . " " like you and Ron do , you mean , " say Hermione . " we be n't try to hear him ! " say Ron indignantly . " we do n't have any choice ! the stupid prat , talk about his giantess mother where anyone could have hear him ! " " we have get to go and see him , " say Harry . " this evening , after Divination . tell him we want him back ... you do want him back ? " he shoot at Hermione . " I -- well , I be not go to pretend it do n't make a nice change , have a proper Care of Magical Creatures lesson for once -- but I do want Hagrid back , of course I do ! " Hermione add hastily , quail under Harry 's furious stare . so that evening after dinner , the three of them leave the castle once more and go down through the frozen ground to Hagrid 's cabin . they knock , and Fang 's booming bark answer . " Hagrid , it be us ! " Harry shout , pound on the door . " open up ! Hagrid do n't answer . they could hear Fang scratch at the door , whine , but it do n't open . they hammer on it for ten more minute ; Ron even go and bang on one of the window , but there be no response . " what be he avoid us for ? " Hermione say when they have finally give up and be walk back to the school . " he surely do n't think we will care about him be half-giant ? " but it seem that Hagrid do care . they do n't see a sign of him all week . he do n't appear at the staff table at mealtime , they do n't see him go about his gamekeeper duty on the ground , and Professor Grubbly-Plank continue to take the Care of Magical Creatures class . Malfoy be gloat at every possible opportunity . " miss your half-breed pal ? " he keep whisper to Harry whenever there be a teacher around , so that he be safe from Harry 's retaliation . " miss the elephant-man ? " there be a Hogsmeade visit halfway through January . Hermione be very surprise that Harry be go to go . " I just think you will want to take advantage of the common room be quiet , " she say . " really get to work on that egg . " " oh I -- I reckon I have get a pretty good idea what it be about now , " Harry lie . " have you really ? " say Hermione , look impress . " well do ! " Harry 's inside give a guilty squirm , but he ignore them . he still have five week to work out that egg clue , after all , and that be age ... whereas if he go into Hogsmeade , he might run into Hagrid , and get a chance to persuade him to come back . he , Ron , and Hermione leave the castle together on Saturday and set off through the cold , wet ground toward the gate . as they pass the Durmstrang ship moor in the lake , they see Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck , dress in nothing but swimming trunk . he be very skinny indeed , but apparently a lot tough than he look , because he climb up onto the side of the ship , stretch out his arm , and dive , right into the lake . " he be mad ! " say Harry , stare at Krum 's dark head as it bob out into the middle of the lake . " it must be freeze , it be January ! " " it be a lot cold where he come from , " say Hermione . " I suppose it feel quite warm to him . " " yeah , but there be still the giant squid , " say Ron . he do n't sound anxious -- if anything , he sound hopeful . Hermione notice his tone of voice and frown . " he be really nice , you know , " she say . " he be not at all like you will think , come from Durmstrang . he like it much well here , he tell me . " Ron say nothing . he have n't mention Viktor Krum since the ball , but Harry have find a miniature arm under his bed on Boxing Day , which have look very much as though it have be snap off a small model figure wear Bulgarian Quidditch robe . Harry keep his eye skin for a sign of Hagrid all the way down the slushy High Street , and suggest a visit to the three Broomsticks once he have ascertain that Hagrid be not in any of the shop . the pub be as crowd as ever , but one quick look around at all the table tell Harry that Hagrid be n't there . heart sinking , he go up to the bar with Ron and Hermione , order three butter-beers from Madam Rosmerta , and think gloomily that he might just as well have stay behind and listen to the egg wail after all . " do n't he ever go into the office ? " Hermione whisper suddenly . " look ! " she point into the mirror behind the bar , and Harry see Ludo Bagman reflect there , sit in a shadowy corner with a bunch of goblin . bagman be talk very fast in a low voice to the goblin , all of whom have their arm cross and be look rather menace . it be indeed odd , Harry think , that Bagman be here at the three Broomsticks on a weekend when there be no Triwizard event , and therefore no judge to be do . he watch Bagman in the mirror . he be look strained again , quite as strained as he have that night in the forest before the Dark Mark have appear . but just then Bagman glance over at the bar , see Harry , and stand up . " in a moment , in a moment ! " Harry hear him say brusquely to the goblin , and Bagman hurry through the pub toward Harry , his boyish grin back in place . " Harry ! " he say . " how be you ? be hope to run into you ! everything go all right ? " " fine , thanks , " say Harry . " wonder if I could have a quick , private word , Harry ? " say Bagman eagerly . " you could n't give us a moment , you two , could you ? " " er -- okay , " say Ron , and he and Hermione go off to find a table . bagman lead Harry along the bar to the end furthest from Madam Rosmerta . " well , I just think I will congratulate you again on your splendid performance against that Horntail , Harry , " say Bagman . " really superb . " " thanks , " say Harry , but he know this could n't be all that Bagman want to say , because he could have congratulate Harry in front of Ron and Hermione . bagman do n't seem in any particular rush to spill the bean , though . Harry see him glance into the mirror over the bar at the goblin , who be all watch him and Harry in silence through their dark , slanting eye . " absolute nightmare , " say Bagman to Harry in an undertone , notice Harry watch the goblin too . " their English be n't too good ... it be like be back with all the Bulgarian at the Quidditch World Cup ... but at least they use sign language another human could recognize . this lot keep gabble in Gobbledegook ... and I only know one word of Gobbledegook . Bladvak . it mean ' pickax . ' I do n't like to use it in case they think I be threaten them . " he give a short , booming laugh . " what do they want ? " Harry say , notice how the goblin be still watch Bagman very closely . " er -- well ... " say Bagman , look suddenly nervous . " they ... er ... they be look for Barry Crouch . " " why be they look for him here ? " say Harry . " he be at the Ministry in London , be n't he ? " " er ... as a matter of fact , I have no idea where he be , " say Bagman . " he be sort of ... stop come to work . be absent for a couple of week now . Young Percy , his assistant , say he be ill . apparently he have just be send instruction in by owl . but would you mind not mention that to anyone , Harry ? because Rita Skeeter be still poke around everywhere she can , and I be willing to bet she will work up Barty 's illness into something sinister . probably say he be go miss like Bertha Jorkins . " " have you hear anything about Bertha Jorkins ? " Harry ask . " no , " say Bagman , look strained again . " I have get people look , of course ... " ( about time , think Harry ) " and it be all very strange . she definitely arrive in Albania , because she meet her second cousin there . and then she leave the cousin 's house to go south and see an aunt ... and she seem to have vanish without trace en route . blow if I can see where she be get to ... she do n't seem the type to elope , for instance ... but still ... what be we do , talk about goblin and Bertha Jorkins ? I really want to ask you " -- he lower his voice -- " how be you get on with your golden egg ? " " er ... not bad , " Harry say untruthfully . bagman seem to know he be n't be honest . " listen , Harry , " he say ( still in a very low voice ) , " I feel very bad about all this ... you be throw into this tournament , you do n't volunteer for it ... and if ... " ( his voice be so quiet now , Harry have to lean closer to listen ) " if I can help at all ... a prod in the right direction ... I have take a liking to you ... the way you get past that dragon ! ... well , just say the word . " Harry stare up into Bagman 's round , rosy face and his wide , baby-blue eye . " we be suppose to work out the clue alone , be n't we ? " he say , careful to keep his voice casual and not sound as though he be accuse the head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports of break the rule . " well ... well , yes , " say Bagman impatiently , " but -- come on , Harry -- we all want a Hogwarts victory , do n't we ? " " have you offer Cedric help ? " Harry say . the small of frown crease Bagman 's smooth face . " no , I have n't , " he say . " I -- well , like I say , I have take a liking to you . just think I will offer ... " " well , thanks , " say Harry , " but I think I be nearly there with the egg ... couple more day should crack it . " he be n't entirely sure why he be refuse Bagman 's help , except that Bagman be almost a stranger to him , and accept his assistance would feel somehow much more like cheating than ask advice from Ron , Hermione , or Sirius . bagman look almost affront , but could n't say much more as Fred and George turn up at that point . " hello , Mr. Bagman , " say Fred brightly . " can we buy you a drink ? " " er ... no , " say Bagman , with a last disappointed glance at Harry , " no , thank you , boy ... " Fred and George look quite as disappoint as Bagman , who be survey Harry as though he have let him down badly . " well , I must dash , " he say . " nice see you all . good luck , Harry . " he hurry out of the pub . the goblin all slide off their chair and exit after him . Harry go to rejoin Ron and Hermione . " what do he want ? " Ron say , the moment Harry have sit down . " he offer to help me with the golden egg , " say Harry . " he should n't be do that ! " say Hermione , look very shocked . " he be one of the judge ! and anyway , you have already work it out -- have n't you ? " " er ... nearly , " say Harry . " well , I do n't think Dumbledore would like it if he know Bagman be try to persuade you to cheat ! " say Hermione , still look deeply disapprove . " I hope he be try to help Cedric as much ! " " he be not , I ask , " say Harry . " who care if Diggory 's get help ? " say Ron . Harry privately agree . " those goblin do n't look very friendly , " say Hermione , sip her butterbeer . " what be they do here ? " " look for Crouch , accord to Bagman , " say Harry . " he be still ill . have n't be into work . " " maybe Percy be poison him , " say Ron . " probably think if Crouch snuff it he will be make head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation . " Hermione give Ron a don't-joke-about-things-like-that look , and say , " funny , goblin look for Mr. Crouch ... they will normally deal with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures . " " crouch can speak load of different language , though , " say Harry . " maybe they need an interpreter . " " worry about poor ' ickle goblin , now , be you ? " Ron ask Hermione . " think of start up S.P.U.G. or something ? society for the Protection of Ugly Goblins ? " " Ha , ha , ha , " say Hermione sarcastically . " goblin do n't need protection . have n't you be listen to what Professor Binns have be tell us about goblin rebellion ? " " no , " say Harry and Ron together . " well , they be quite capable of deal with wizard , " say Hermione , take another sip of butterbeer . " they be very clever . they be not like house-elves , who never stick up for themselves . " " Uh-oh , " say Ron , stare at the door . Rita Skeeter have just enter . she be wear banana-yellow robe today ; her long nail be paint shocking pink , and she be accompany by her paunchy photographer . she buy drink , and she and the photographer make their way through the crowd to a table nearby , Harry , Ron , and Hermione glare at her as she approach . she be talk fast and look very satisfy about something . " ... do n't seem very keen to talk to us , do he , Bozo ? now , why would that be , do you think ? and what be he do with a pack of goblin in tow anyway ? show them the sight ... what nonsense ... he be always a bad liar . reckon something be up ? think we should do a bit of digging ? ' Disgraced Ex-Head of Magical Games and Sports , Ludo Bagman ... ' snappy start to a sentence , Bozo -- we just need to find a story to fit it -- " " try to ruin someone else 's life ? " say Harry loudly . a few people look around . Rita Skeeter 's eye widen behind her jewel spectacle as she see who have speak . " Harry ! " she say , beam . " how lovely ! why do n't you come and join -- ? " " I would n't come near you with a ten-foot broomstick , " say Harry furiously . " what do you do that to Hagrid for , eh ? " Rita Skeeter raise her heavily pencil eyebrow . " our reader have a right to the truth , Harry . I be merely do my -- " " who care if he be half-giant ? " Harry shout . " there be nothing wrong with him ! " the whole pub have go very quiet . madam Rosmerta be stare over from behind the bar , apparently oblivious to the fact that the flagon she be fill with mead be overflow . Rita Skeeter 's smile flicker very slightly , but she hitch it back almost at once ; she snap open her crocodile-skin handbag , pull out her Quick-Quotes Quill , and say , " how about give me an interview about the Hagrid you know , Harry ? the man behind the muscle ? your unlikely friendship and the reason behind it . would you call him a father substitute ? " Hermione stand up very abruptly , her butterbeer clutch in her hand as though it be a grenade . " you horrible woman , " she say , through grit tooth , " you do n't care , do you , anything for a story , and anyone will do , wo n't they ? even Ludo Bagman -- " " sit down , you silly little girl , and do n't talk about thing you do n't understand , " say Rita Skeeter coldly , her eye harden as they fall on Hermione . " I know thing about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl ... not that it need it -- " she add , eye Hermione 's bushy hair . " let be go , " say Hermione , " c'mon , Harry -- Ron ... " they leave ; many people be stare at them as they go . Harry glance back as they reach the door . Rita Skeeter 's Quick-Quotes Quill be out ; it be zoom backward and forward over a piece of parchment on the table . " she will be after you next , Hermione , " say Ron in a low and worried voice as they walk quickly back up the street . " let her try ! " say Hermione defiantly ; she be shake with rage . " I will show her ! silly little girl , be I ? oh , I will get her back for this . First Harry , then Hagrid ... " " you do n't want to go upset Rita Skeeter , " say Ron nervously . " I be serious , Hermione , she will dig up something on you -- " " my parent do n't read the Daily Prophet . she ca n't scare me into hiding ! " say Hermione , now stride along so fast that it be all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with her . the last time Harry have see Hermione in a rage like this , she have hit Draco Malfoy around the face . " and Hagrid be n't hide anymore ! he should never have let that excuse for a human be upset him ! come on ! " break into a run , she lead them all the way back up the road , through the gate flank by wing boar , and up through the ground to Hagrid 's cabin . the curtain be still draw , and they could hear Fang bark as they approach . " Hagrid ! " Hermione shout , pound on his front door . " Hagrid , that be enough ! we know you be in there ! nobody care if your mum be a giantess , Hagrid ! you ca n't let that foul Skeeter woman do this to you ! Hagrid , get out here , you be just be -- " the door open . Hermione say , " about t -- ! " and then stop , very suddenly , because she have find herself face-to-face , not with Hagrid , but with Albus Dumbledore . " good afternoon , " he say pleasantly , smile down at them . " we -- er -- we want to see Hagrid , " say Hermione in a rather small voice . " yes , I surmise as much , " say Dumbledore , his eye twinkling . " why do n't you come in ? " " oh ... um ... okay , " say Hermione . she , Ron , and Harry go into the cabin ; Fang launch himself upon Harry the moment he enter , bark madly and try to lick his ear . Harry fend off Fang and look around . Hagrid be sit at his table , where there be two large mug of tea . he look a real mess . his face be blotchy , his eye swollen , and he have go to the other extreme where his hair be concern ; far from try to make it behave , it now look like a wig of tangled wire . " hi , Hagrid , " say Harry . Hagrid look up . " ' Lo , " he say in a very hoarse voice . " more tea , I think , " say Dumbledore , close the door behind Harry , Ron , and Hermione , draw out his wand , and twiddle it ; a revolving tea tray appear in midair along with a plate of cake . Dumbledore magicked the tray onto the table , and everybody sit down . there be a slight pause , and then Dumbledore say , " do you by any chance hear what Miss Granger be shout , Hagrid ? " Hermione go slightly pink , but Dumbledore smile at her and continue , " Hermione , Harry , and Ron still seem to want to know you , judge by the way they be attempt to break down the door . " " of course we still want to know you ! " Harry say , stare at Hagrid . " you do n't think anything that Skeeter cow -- sorry , Professor , " he add quickly , look at Dumbledore . " I have go temporarily deaf and have n't any idea what you say , Harry , " say Dumbledore , twiddle his thumb and stare at the ceiling . " er -- right , " say Harry sheepishly . " I just mean -- Hagrid , how could you think we will care what that -- woman -- write about you ? " two fat tear leak out of Hagrid 's beetle-black eye and fall slowly into his tangled beard . " live proof of what I have be tell you , Hagrid , " say Dumbledore , still look carefully up at the ceiling . " I have show you the letter from the countless parent who remember you from their own day here , tell me in no uncertain term that if I sack you , they would have something to say about it -- " " not all of ' em , " say Hagrid hoarsely . " not all of ' em wan ' me ter stay . " " really , Hagrid , if you be hold out for universal popularity , I be afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time , " say Dumbledore , now peer sternly over his half-moon spectacle . " not a week have pass since I become headmaster of this school when I have n't have at least one owl complain about the way I run it . but what should I do ? barricade myself in my study and refuse to talk to anybody ? " " Yeh -- yeh be not half-giant ! " say Hagrid croakily . " Hagrid , look what I have get for relative ! " Harry say furiously . " look at the Dursley ! " " an excellent point , " say Professor Dumbledore . " my own brother , Aberforth , be prosecute for practice inappropriate charm on a goat . it be all over the paper , but do Aberforth hide ? no , he do not ! he hold his head high and go about his business as usual ! of course , I be not entirely sure he can read , so that may not have be bravery ... " " come back and teach , Hagrid , " say Hermione quietly , " please come back , we really miss you . " Hagrid gulp . more tear leak out down his cheek and into his tangled beard . Dumbledore stand up . " I refuse to accept your resignation , Hagrid , and I expect you back at work on Monday , " he say . " you will join me for breakfast at eight-thirty in the Great Hall . no excuse . good afternoon to you all . " Dumbledore leave the cabin , pause only to scratch Fang 's ear . when the door have shut behind him , Hagrid begin to sob into his dustbin-lid-sized hand . Hermione keep pat his arm , and at last , Hagrid look up , his eye very red indeed , and say , " great man , Dumbledore ... great man ... " " Yeah , he be , " say Ron . " can I have one of these cake , Hagrid ? " " help yerself , " say Hagrid , wipe his eye on the back of his hand . " Ar , he be righ ' , o ' course -- yeh be all righ ' ... I bin stupid ... my ol ' dad woulda bin ashamed o ' the way I have bin behavin ' ... " more tear leak out , but he wipe them away more forcefully , and say , " never show you a picture of my old dad , have I ? here ... " Hagrid get up , go over to his dresser , open a drawer , and pull out a picture of a short wizard with Hagrid 's crinkle black eye , beam as he sit on top of Hagrid 's shoulder . Hagrid be a good seven or eight foot tall , judge by the apple tree beside him , but his face be beardless , young , round , and smooth -- he look hardly old than eleven . " tha ' be take jus ' after I get inter Hogwarts , " Hagrid croak . " Dad be dead chuff ... think I migh ' not be a wizard , see , ' cos me mum ... well , anyway . ' Course , I never be great shake at magic , really ... but at least he never see me expel . die , see , in me second year ... " Dumbledore be the one who stick up for me after Dad go . get me the gamekeeper job ... trust people , he do . give ' em second chance ... tha 's what set him apar ' from other head , see . he will accept anyone at Hogwarts , s'long as they have get the talent . know people can turn out okay even if their family weren ' ... well ... all tha ' respectable . but some don ' understand that . there be some who will always hold it against Yeh ... there be some who will even pretend they just have big bone rather than stand up an ' say -- I be what I be , an ' I be not ashamed . ' never be ashamed , ' my ol ' dad use ter say , ' there be some who will hold it against you , but they be not worth botherin ' with . ' An ' he be right . I have bin an idiot . I be not botherin ' with her no more , I promise yeh that . big bone ... I will give her big bone . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione look at one another nervously ; Harry would rather have take fifty Blast-Ended Skrewts for a walk than admit to Hagrid that he have overhear him talk to Madame Maxime , but Hagrid be still talk , apparently unaware that he have say anything odd . " Yeh know Wha ' , Harry ? " he say , look up from the photograph of his father , his eye very bright , " when I fir ' meet you , you remind me o ' me a bit . mum an ' Dad go , an ' you be feelin ' like yeh wouldn ' fit in at Hogwarts , remember ? not sure yeh be really up to it ... an ' now look at Yeh , Harry ! school champion ! " he look at Harry for a moment and then say , very seriously , " Yeh know what I will love , Harry ? I will love yeh ter win , I really would . it will show ' em all ... yeh don ' have ter be pureblood ter do it . Yeh don ' have ter be ashamed of what yeh be . it will show ' em Dumbledore be the one who have get it righ ' , lettin ' anyone in as long as they can do magic . how you doin ' with that egg , Harry ? " " great , " say Harry . " really great . " Hagrid 's miserable face break into a wide , watery smile . " tha be my boy ... you show ' em , Harry , you show ' em . beat ' em all . " lie to Hagrid be n't quite like lie to anyone else . Harry go back to the castle later that afternoon with Ron and Hermione , unable to banish the image of the happy expression on Hagrid 's whiskery face as he have imagine Harry win the tournament . the incomprehensible egg weigh more heavily than ever on Harry 's conscience that evening , and by the time he have get into bed , he have make up his mind -- it be time to shelve his pride and see if Cedric 's hint be worth anything . Chapter @card@ the egg and the Eye as Harry have no idea how long a bath he would need to work out the secret of the golden egg , he decide to do it at night , when he would be able to take as much time as he want . reluctant though he be to accept more favors from Cedric , he also decide to use the prefect ' bathroom ; far few people be allow in there , so it be much less likely that he would be disturb . Harry plan his excursion carefully , because he have be catch out of bed and out-of-bound by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once before , and have no desire to repeat the experience . the Invisibility Cloak would , of course , be essential , and as an added precaution , Harry think he would take the Marauder 's Map , which , next to the cloak , be the most useful aid to rule-breaking Harry own . the map show the whole of Hogwarts , include its many shortcut and secret passageway and , most important of all , it reveal the people inside the castle as minuscule , label dot , move around the corridor , so that Harry would be forewarn if somebody be approach the bathroom . on Thursday night , Harry sneak up to bed , put on the cloak , creep back downstairs , and , just as he have do on the night when Hagrid have show him the dragon , wait for the portrait hole to open . this time it be Ron who wait outside to give the Fat Lady the password ( " banana fritter " ) . " good luck , " Ron mutter , climb into the room as Harry creep out past him . it be awkward move under the cloak tonight , because Harry have the heavy egg under one arm and the map hold in front of his nose with the other . however , the moonlit corridor be empty and silent , and by check the map at strategic interval , Harry be able to ensure that he would n't run into anyone he want to avoid . when he reach the statue of Boris the Bewildered , a lost-looking wizard with his glove on the wrong hand , he locate the right door , lean close to it , and mutter the password , " Pine fresh , " just as Cedric have tell him . the door creak open . Harry slip inside , bolt the door behind him , and pull off the Invisibility Cloak , look around . his immediate reaction be that it would be worth become a prefect just to be able to use this bathroom . it be softly light by a splendid candle-filled chandelier , and everything be make of white marble , include what look like an empty , rectangular swimming pool sink into the middle of the floor . about a hundred golden tap stand all around the pool 's edge , each with a differently color jewel set into its handle . there be also a diving board . long white linen curtain hang at the window ; a large pile of fluffy white towel sit in a corner , and there be a single golden-framed painting on the wall . it feature a blonde mermaid who be fast asleep on a rock , her long hair over her face . it flutter every time she snore . Harry move forward , look around , his footstep echo off the wall . magnificent though the bathroom be -- and quite keen though he be to try out a few of those tap -- now he be here he could n't quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might have be have him on . how on earth be this suppose to help solve the mystery of the egg ? nevertheless , he put one of the fluffy towel , the cloak , the map , and the egg at the side of the swimming-pool-sized bath , then kneel down and turn on a few of the tap . he could tell at once that they carry different sort of bubble bath mix with the water , though it be n't bubble bath as Harry have ever experience it . one tap gush pink and blue bubble the size of football ; another pour ice-white foam so thick that Harry think it would have support his weight if he have care to test it ; a third send heavily perfume purple cloud hover over the surface of the water . Harry amuse himself for a while turn the tap on and off , particularly enjoy the effect of one whose jet bounce off the surface of the water in large arc . then , when the deep pool be full of hot water , foam , and bubble , which take a very short time consider its size , Harry turn off all the tap , pull off his pajamas , slipper , and dress gown , and slide into the water . it be so deep that his foot barely touch the bottom , and he actually do a couple of length before swim back to the side and tread water , stare at the egg . highly enjoyable though it be to swim in hot and foamy water with cloud of different-colored steam waft all around him , no stroke of brilliance come to him , no sudden burst of understanding . Harry stretch out his arm , lift the egg in his wet hand , and open it . the wail , screeching sound fill the bathroom , echo and reverberate off the marble wall , but it sound just as incomprehensible as ever , if not more so with all the echo . he snap it shut again , worry that the sound would attract Filch , wonder whether that have n't be Cedric 's plan -- and then , make him jump so badly that he drop the egg , which clatter away across the bathroom floor , someone speak . " I will try put it in the water , if I be you . " Harry have swallow a considerable amount of bubble in shock . he stand up , sputter , and see the ghost of a very glum-looking girl sit cross-legged on top of one of the tap . it be Moaning Myrtle , who be usually to be hear sob in the S-bend of a toilet three floor below . " Myrtle ! " Harry say in outrage , " I be -- I be not wear anything ! " the foam be so dense that this hardly matter , but he have a nasty feeling that Myrtle have be spy on him from out of one of the tap ever since he have arrive . " I close my eye when you get in , " she say , blink at him through her thick spectacle . " you have n't be to see me for age . " " yeah ... well ... " say Harry , bend his knee slightly , just to make absolutely sure Myrtle could n't see anything but his head , " I be not suppose to come into your bathroom , be I ? it be a girl ' one . " " you do n't use to care , " say Myrtle miserably . " you use to be in there all the time . " this be true , though only because Harry , Ron , and Hermione have find Myrtle 's out-of-order toilet a convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in secret -- a forbidden potion that have turn him and Ron into live replica of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour , so that they could sneak into the Slytherin common room . " I get tell off for go in there , " say Harry , which be half-true ; Percy have once catch him come out of Myrtle 's bathroom . " I think I will well not come back after that . " " oh ... I see ... " say Myrtle , pick at a spot on her chin in a morose sort of way . " well ... anyway ... I will try the egg in the water . that be what Cedric Diggory do . " " have you be spy on him too ? " say Harry indignantly . " what d'you do , sneak up here in the evening to watch the prefect take bath ? " " sometimes , " say Myrtle , rather slyly , " but I have never come out to speak to anyone before . " " I be honor , " say Harry darkly . " you keep your eye shut ! " he make sure Myrtle have her glass well cover before hoist himself out of the bath , wrap the towel firmly around his waist , and go to retrieve the egg . once he be back in the water , Myrtle peer through her finger and say , " go on , then ... open it under the water ! " Harry lower the egg beneath the foamy surface and open it ... and this time , it do not wail . a gurgle song be come out of it , a song whose word he could n't distinguish through the water . " you need to put your head under too , " say Myrtle , who seem to be thoroughly enjoy boss him around . " go on ! " Harry take a great breath and slide under the surface -- and now , sit on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath , he hear a chorus of eerie voice sing to him from the open egg in his hand : " come seek us where our voice sound , we can sing above the ground , and while you be search ponder this : we have take what you will sorely miss , an hour long you will have to look , and to recover what we take , but past an hour -- the prospect 's black , too late , it be go , it wo n't come back . " Harry let himself float back upward and break the bubbly surface , shake his hair out of his eye . " hear it ? " say Myrtle . " yeah ... ' come seek us where our voice sound ... ' and if I need persuade ... hang on , I need to listen again ... " he sink back beneath the water . it take three more underwater rendition of the egg 's song before Harry have it memorize ; then he tread water for a while , think hard , while Myrtle sit and watch him . " I have get to go and look for people who ca n't use their voice above the ground ... " he say slowly . " er ... who could that be ? " " slow , be n't you ? " he have never see Moaning Myrtle so cheerful , apart from the day when a dose of Polyjuice Potion have give Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat . Harry stare around the bathroom , think ... if the voice could only be hear underwater , then it make sense for them to belong to underwater creature . he run this theory past Myrtle , who smirk at him . " well , that be what Diggory think , " she say . " he lay there talk to himself for age about it . age and age ... nearly all the bubble have go ... " " Underwater ... " Harry say slowly . " Myrtle ... what live in the lake , apart from the giant squid ? " " oh all sort , " she say . " I sometimes go down there ... sometimes do n't have any choice , if someone flush my toilet when I be not expect it ... " try not to think about Moaning Myrtle zoom down a pipe to the lake with the content of a toilet , Harry say , " well , do anything in there have a human voice ? hang on -- " Harry 's eye have fall on the picture of the snooze mermaid on the wall . " Myrtle , there be n't merpeople in there , be there ? " " Oooh , very good , " she say , her thick glass twinkle , " it take Diggory much longer than that ! and that be with her awake too " -- Myrtle jerk her head toward the mermaid with an expression of great dislike on her glum face -- " giggle and show off and flash her fin ... " " that be it , be n't it ? " say Harry excitedly . " the second task be to go and find the merpeople in the lake and ... and ... " but he suddenly realize what he be say , and he feel the excitement drain out of him as though someone have just pull a plug in his stomach . he be n't a very good swimmer ; he have never have much practice . Dudley have have lesson in his youth , but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon , no doubt hope that Harry would drown one day , have n't bother to give him any . a couple of length of this bath be all very well , but that lake be very large , and very deep ... and merpeople would surely live right at the bottom ... " Myrtle , " Harry say slowly , " how be I suppose to breathe ? " at this , Myrtle 's eye fill with sudden tear again . " tactless ! " she mutter , grope in her robe for a handkerchief . " what be tactless ? " say Harry , bewilder . " talk about breathe in front of me ! " she say shrilly , and her voice echo loudly around the bathroom . " when I ca n't ... when I have n't ... not for age ... " she bury her face in her handkerchief and sniff loudly . Harry remember how touchy Myrtle have always be about be dead , but none of the other ghost he know make such a fuss about it . " sorry , " he say impatiently . " I do n't mean -- I just forget ... " " oh yes , very easy to forget Myrtle 's dead , " say Myrtle , gulp , look at him out of swollen eye . " nobody miss me even when I be alive . take them hour and hour to find my body -- I know , I be sit there wait for them . Olive Hornby come into the bathroom -- ' be you in here again , sulk , Myrtle ? ' she say , ' because Professor Dippet ask me to look for you - ' and then she see my body ... ooooh , she do n't forget it until her die day , I make sure of that ... follow her around and remind her , I do . I remember at her brother 's wedding -- " but Harry be n't listen ; he be think about the merpeople 's song again . " we have take what you will sorely miss . " that sound as though they be go to steal something of his , something he have to get back . what be they go to take ? " - and then , of course , she go to the Ministry of Magic to stop me stalk her , so I have to come back here and live in my toilet . " " good , " say Harry vaguely . " well , I be a lot further on than I be ... Shut your eye again , will you ? I be get out . " he retrieve the egg from the bottom of the bath , climb out , dry himself , and pull on his pajamas and dress gown again . " will you come and visit me in my bathroom again sometime ? " moan Myrtle ask mournfully as Harry pick up the Invisibility Cloak . " er ... I will try , " Harry say , though privately think the only way he will be visit Myrtle 's bathroom again be if every other toilet in the castle get block . " see you , Myrtle ... thanks for your help . " " ' Bye , ' bye , " she say gloomily , and as Harry put on the Invisibility Cloak he see her zoom back up the tap . out in the dark corridor , Harry examine the Marauder 's map to check that the coast be still clear . yes , the dot belong to Filch and his cat , Mrs. Norris , be safely in their office ... nothing else seem to be move apart from Peeves , though he be bounce around the trophy room on the floor above ... Harry have take his first step back toward Gryffindor Tower when something else on the map catch his eye ... something distinctly odd . peeve be not the only thing that be move . a single dot be flit around a room in the bottom left-hand corner -- Snape 's office . but the dot be n't label " Severus Snape " ... it be Bartemius Crouch . Harry stare at the dot . Mr. Crouch be suppose to be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball -- so what be he do , sneak into Hogwarts at one o'clock in the morning ? Harry watch closely as the dot move around and around the room , pause here and there ... Harry hesitate , think ... and then his curiosity get the good of him . he turn and set off in the opposite direction toward the near staircase . he be go to see what Crouch be up to . Harry walk down the stair as quietly as possible , though the face in some of the portrait still turn curiously at the squeak of a floorboard , the rustle of his pajamas . he creep along the corridor below , push aside a tapestry about halfway along , and proceed down a narrow staircase , a shortcut that would take him down two floor . he keep glance down at the map , wonder ... it just do n't seem in character , somehow , for correct , law-abiding Mr. Crouch to be sneak around somebody else 's office this late at night ... and then , halfway down the staircase , not think about what he be do , not concentrate on anything but the peculiar behavior of Mr. Crouch , Harry 's leg suddenly sink right through the trick step Neville always forget to jump . he give an ungainly wobble , and the golden egg , still damp from the bath , slip from under his arm . he lurch forward to try and catch it , but too late ; the egg fall down the long staircase with a bang as loud as a bass drum on every step -- the Invisibility Cloak slip -- Harry snatch at it , and the Marauder 's Map flutter out of his hand and slide down six stair , where , sink in the step to above his knee , he could n't reach it . the golden egg fall through the tapestry at the bottom of the staircase , burst open , and begin wail loudly in the corridor below . Harry pull out his wand and struggle to touch the Marauder 's Map , to wipe it blank , but it be too far away to reach - Pulling the cloak back over himself Harry straighten up , listen hard with his eye screw up with fear ... and , almost immediately - " PEEVES ! " it be the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the caretaker . Harry could hear his rapid , shuffle footstep come near and near , his wheezy voice raise in fury . " what be this racket ? wake up the whole castle , will you ? I will have you , Peeves , I will have you , you will ... and what be this ? " filch 's footstep halt ; there be a clink of metal on metal and the wail stop -- Filch have pick up the egg and close it . Harry stand very still , one leg still jam tightly in the magical step , listen . any moment now , Filch be go to pull aside the tapestry , expect to see Peeves ... and there would be no Peeves ... but if he come up the stair , he would spot the Marauder 's Map ... and Invisibility Cloak or not , the map would show " Harry Potter " standing exactly where he be . " egg ? " filch say quietly at the foot of the stair . " my sweet ! " -- Mrs. Norris be obviously with him -- " this be a Triwizard clue ! this belong to a school champion ! " Harry feel sick ; his heart be hammer very fast - " PEEVES ! " filch roar gleefully . " you have be steal ! " he rip back the tapestry below , and Harry see his horrible , pouchy face and bulge , pale eye stare up the dark and ( to Filch ) desert staircase . " hiding , be you ? " he say softly . " I be come to get you , Peeves ... you have go and steal a Triwizard clue , Peeves ... Dumbledore will have you out of here for this , you filthy , pilfer poltergeist ... " Filch start to climb the stair , his scrawny , dust-colored cat at his heel . Mrs. Norris 's lamp-like eye , so very like her master 's , be fix directly upon Harry . he have have occasion before now to wonder whether the Invisibility Cloak work on cat ... Sick with apprehension , he watch Filch draw near and near in his old flannel dress gown -- he try desperately to pull his trapped leg free , but it merely sink a few more inch -- any second now , Filch be go to spot the map or walk right into him - " Filch ? what be go on ? " filch stop a few step below Harry and turn . at the foot of the stair stand the only person who could make Harry 's situation worse : Snape . he be wear a long gray nightshirt and he look livid . " it be Peeves , Professor , " Filch whisper malevolently . " he throw this egg down the stair . " Snape climb up the stair quickly and stop beside Filch . Harry grit his tooth , convince his loudly thumping heart would give him away at any second ... " Peeves ? " say Snape softly , stare at the egg in Filch 's hand . " but Peeves could n't get into my office ... " " this egg be in your office , Professor ? " " of course not , " Snape snap . " I hear bang and wail -- " " Yes , Professor , that be the egg -- " " - I be come to investigate -- " " - Peeves throw it , Professor -- " " - and when I pass my office , I see that the torch be light and a cupboard door be ajar ! somebody have be search it ! " " but Peeves could n't -- " " I know he could n't , Filch ! " Snape snap again . " I seal my office with a spell none but a wizard could break ! " Snape look up the stair , straight through Harry , and then down into the corridor below . " I want you to come and help me search for the intruder , Filch . " " I -- yes , Professor -- but -- " Filch look yearningly up the stair , right through Harry , who could see that he be very reluctant to forgo the chance of corner Peeves . go , Harry plead with him silently , go with Snape ... go ... Mrs. Norris be peer around Filch 's leg ... Harry have the distinct impression that she could smell him ... why have he fill that bath with so much perfume foam ? " the thing be , Professor , " say Filch plaintively , " the headmaster will have to listen to me this time . peeve have be steal from a student , it might be my chance to get him throw out of the castle once and for all -- " " Filch , I do n't give a damn about that wretched poltergeist ; it be my office that be -- " Clunk . clunk . clunk . Snape stop talk very abruptly . he and Filch both look down at the foot of the stair . Harry see Mad-Eye Moody limp into sight through the narrow gap between their head . Moody be wear his old travel cloak over his nightshirt and lean on his staff as usual . " pajama party , be it ? " he growl up the stair . " Professor Snape and I hear noise , Professor , " say Filch at once . " peeve the poltergeist , throw thing around as usual -- and then Professor Snape discover that someone have break into his off -- " " Shut up ! " Snape hiss to Filch . Moody take a step closer to the foot of the stair . Harry see Moody 's magical eye travel over Snape , and then , unmistakably , onto himself . Harry 's heart give a horrible jolt . Moody could see through Invisibility Cloaks ... he alone could see the full strangeness of the scene : Snape in his nightshirt , Filch clutch the egg , and he , Harry , trap in the stair behind them . Moody 's lopsided gash of a mouth open in surprise . for a few second , he and Harry stare straight into each other 's eye . then Moody close his mouth and turn his blue eye upon Snape again . " do I hear that correctly , Snape ? " he ask slowly . " someone break into your office ? " " it be unimportant , " say Snape coldly . " on the contrary , " growl Moody , " it be very important . who will want to break into your office ? " " a student , I daresay , " say Snape . Harry could see a vein flicker horribly on Snape 's greasy temple . " it have happen before . potion ingredient have go miss from my private store cupboard ... student attempt illicit mixture , no doubt ... " " Reckon they be after potion ingredient , eh ? " say Moody . " not hide anything else in your office , be you ? " Harry see the edge of Snape 's sallow face turn a nasty brick color , the vein in his temple pulse more rapidly . " you know I be hide nothing , Moody , " he say in a soft and dangerous voice , " as you have search my office pretty thoroughly yourself . " Moody 's face twist into a smile . " Auror 's privilege , Snape . Dumbledore tell me to keep an eye -- " " Dumbledore happen to trust me , " say Snape through clench tooth . " I refuse to believe that he give you order to search my office ! " " ' Course Dumbledore trust you , " growl Moody . " he be a trusting man , be n't he ? believe in second chance . but me -- I say there be spot that do n't come off , Snape . spot that never come off , d'you know what I mean ? " Snape suddenly do something very strange . he seize his leave forearm convulsively with his right hand , as though something on it have hurt him . Moody laugh . " get back to bed , Snape . " " you do n't have the authority to send me anywhere ! " Snape hiss , let go of his arm as though angry with himself . " I have as much right to prowl this school after dark as you do ! " " prowl away , " say Moody , but his voice be full of menace . " I look forward to meet you in a dark corridor some time ... you have drop something , by the way ... " with a stab of horror , Harry see moody point at the Marauder 's Map , still lie on the staircase six step below him . as Snape and Filch both turn to look at it , Harry throw caution to the wind ; he raise his arm under the cloak and wave furiously at Moody to attract his attention , mouth " it be mine ! mine ! " Snape have reach out for it , a horrible expression of dawn comprehension on his face - " Accio Parchment ! " the map fly up into the air , slip through Snape 's outstretch finger , and soar down the stair into Moody 's hand . " my mistake , " Moody say calmly . " it be mine -- must have drop it earlier -- " but Snape 's black eye be dart from the egg in Filch 's arm to the map in Moody 's hand , and Harry could tell he be put two and two together , as only Snape could ... " Potter , " he say quietly . " what be that ? " say Moody calmly , fold up the map and pocket it . " Potter ! " Snape snarl , and he actually turn his head and stare right at the place where Harry be , as though he could suddenly see him . " that egg be Potter 's egg . that piece of parchment belong to Potter . I have see it before , I recognize it ! Potter be here ! Potter , in his Invisibility Cloak ! " Snape stretch out his hand like a blind man and begin to move up the stair ; Harry could have swear his over-large nostril be dilate , try to sniff Harry out -- trap , Harry lean backward , try to avoid Snape 's fingertip , but any moment now - " there be nothing there , Snape ! " bark Moody , " but I will be happy to tell the headmaster how quickly your mind jump to Harry Potter ! " " mean what ? " Snape turn again to look at Moody , his hand still outstretch , inch from Harry 's chest . " mean that Dumbledore be very interested to know who have get it in for that boy ! " say Moody , limp near still to the foot of the stair . " and so be I , Snape ... very interested ... " the torchlight flicker across his mangle face , so that the scar , and the chunk miss from his nose , look deep and dark than ever . Snape be look down at Moody , and Harry could n't see the expression on his face . for a moment , nobody move or say anything . then Snape slowly lower his hand . " I merely think , " say Snape , in a voice of force calm , " that if Potter be wander around after hour again ... it be an unfortunate habit of his ... he should be stop . for -- for his own safety . " " ah , I see , " say Moody softly . " get Potter 's good interest at heart , have you ? " there be a pause . Snape and Moody be still stare at each other . Mrs. Norris give a loud meow , still peer around Filch 's leg , look for the source of Harry 's bubble-bath smell . " I think I will go back to bed , " Snape say curtly . " good idea you have have all night , " say Moody . " now , Filch , if you will just give me that egg -- " " no ! " say Filch , clutch the egg as though it be his firstborn son . " Professor Moody , this be evidence of Peeves ' treachery ! " " it be the property of the champion he steal it from , " say Moody . " hand it over , now . " Snape sweep downstairs and pass moody without another word . filch make a chirrup noise to Mrs. Norris , who stare blankly at Harry for a few more second before turn and follow her master . still breathe very fast , Harry hear Snape walk away down the corridor ; Filch hand moody the egg and disappear from view too , mutter to Mrs. Norris . " never mind , my sweet ... we will see Dumbledore in the morning ... tell him what Peeves be up to ... " a door slam . Harry be leave stare down at Moody , who place his staff on the bottommost stair and start to climb laboriously toward him , a dull clunk on every other step . " close shave , Potter , " he mutter . " yeah ... I -- er ... thanks , " say Harry weakly . " what be this thing ? " say Moody , draw the Marauders Map out of his pocket and unfold it . " map of Hogwarts , " say Harry , hope Moody be go to pull him out of the staircase soon ; his leg be really hurt him . " Merlin 's beard , " Moody whisper , stare at the map , his magical eye go haywire . " this ... this be some map , Potter ! " " yeah , it be ... quite useful , " Harry say . his eye be start to water from the pain . " er -- Professor Moody , d'you think you could help me -- ? " " what ? oh ! yes ... yes , of course ... " Moody take hold of Harry 's arm and pull ; Harry 's leg come free of the trick step , and he climb onto the one above it . Moody be still gaze at the map . " Potter ... " he say slowly , " you do n't happen , by any chance , to see who break into Snape 's office , do you ? on this map , I mean ? " " er ... yeah , I do ... " Harry admit . " it be Mr. Crouch . " Moody 's magical eye whizz over the entire surface of the map . he look suddenly alarm . " crouch ? " he say . " you be -- you be sure , Potter ? " " positive , " say Harry . " well , he be not here anymore , " say Moody , his eye still whiz over the map . " crouch ... that be very -- very interesting ... " he say nothing for almost a minute , still stare at the map . Harry could tell that this news mean something to moody and very much want to know what it be . he wonder whether he dare ask . Moody scare him slightly ... yet Moody have just help him avoid an awful lot of trouble ... " er ... Professor Moody ... why d'you reckon Mr. Crouch want to look around Snape 's office ? " Moody 's magical eye leave the map and fix , quiver , upon Harry . it be a penetrating glare , and Harry have the impression that Moody be size him up , wonder whether to answer or not , or how much to tell him . " put it this way , Potter , " Moody mutter finally , " they say old Mad-Eye be obsess with catch dark wizard ... but I be nothing -- nothing -- compare to Barty Crouch . " he continue to stare at the map . Harry be burn to know more . " Professor Moody ? " he say again . " D'you think ... could this have anything to do with ... maybe Mr. Crouch think there be something go on ... " " like what ? " say Moody sharply . Harry wonder how much he dare say . he do n't want moody to guess that he have a source of information outside Hogwarts ; that might lead to tricky question about Sirius . " I do n't know , " Harry mutter , " odd stuff have be happen lately , have n't it ? it have be in the Daily Prophet ... the dark mark at the World Cup , and the Death Eaters and everything ... " both of Moody 's mismatch eye widen . " you be a sharp boy , Potter , " he say . his magical eye roved back to the Marauder 's Map . " crouch could be think along those line , " he say slowly . " very possible ... there have be some funny rumor fly around lately -- help along by Rita Skeeter , of course . it be make a lot of people nervous , I reckon . " a grim smile twist his lopsided mouth . " oh if there be one thing I hate , " he mutter , more to himself than to Harry , and his magical eye be fix on the left-hand corner of the map , " it be a Death Eater who walk free ... " Harry stare at him . could Moody possibly mean what Harry think he mean ? " and now I want to ask you a question , Potter , " say Moody in a more businesslike tone . Harry 's heart sink ; he have think this be come . Moody be go to ask where he have get this map , which be a very dubious magical object -- and the story of how it have fall into his hand incriminate not only him , but his own father , Fred and George Weasley , and Professor Lupin , their last defense against the Dark Arts teacher . Moody wave the map in front of Harry , who brace himself - " can I borrow this ? " " oh ! " say Harry . he be very fond of his map , but on the other hand , he be extremely relieve that Moody be n't ask where he have get it , and there be no doubt that he owe moody a favor . " yeah , okay . " " good boy , " growl Moody . " I can make good use of this ... this might be exactly what I have be look for ... right , bed , Potter , come on , now ... " they climb to the top of the stair together , Moody still examine the map as though it be a treasure the like of which he have never see before . they walk in silence to the door of Moody 's office , where he stop and look up at Harry . " you ever think of a career as an Auror , Potter ? " " no , " say Harry , take aback . " you want to consider it , " say Moody , nod and look at Harry thoughtfully . " yes , indeed ... and incidentally ... I be guess you be n't just take that egg for a walk tonight ? " " er -- no , " say Harry , grin . " I have be work out the clue . " Moody wink at him , his magical eye go haywire again . " nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you idea , Potter ... see you in the morning ... " he go back into his office , stare down at the Marauder 's map again , and close the door behind him . Harry walk slowly back to Gryffindor Tower , lose in thought about Snape , and Crouch , and what it all mean ... why be Crouch pretend to be ill , if he could manage to get to Hogwarts when he want to ? what do he think Snape be conceal in his office ? and Moody think he , Harry , ought to be an Auror ! interesting idea ... but somehow , Harry think , as he get quietly into his four-poster ten minute later , the egg and the cloak now safely back in his trunk , he think he will like to check how scar the rest of them be before he choose it as a career . Chapter @card@ the Second Task " you say you have already work out that egg clue ! " say Hermione indignantly . " keep your voice down ! " say Harry crossly . " I just need to -- sort of fine-tune it , all right ? " he , Ron , and Hermione be sit at the very back of the Charms class with a table to themselves . they be suppose to be practice the opposite of the Summoning Charm today -- the Banishing Charm . owe to the potential for nasty accident when object keep fly across the room , Professor Flitwick have give each student a stack of cushion on which to practice , the theory be that these would n't hurt anyone if they go off target . it be a good theory , but it be n't work very well . Neville 's aim be so poor that he keep accidentally send much heavy thing fly across the room -- Professor Flitwick , for instance . " just forget the egg for a minute , all right ? " Harry hiss as Professor Flitwick go whiz resignedly past them , landing on top of a large cabinet . " I be try to tell you about Snape and Moody ... " this class be an ideal cover for a private conversation , as everyone be have far too much fun to pay them any attention . Harry have be recount his adventure of the previous night in whisper installment for the last half hour . " Snape say Moody 's search his office as well ? " Ron whisper , his eye alight with interest as he banish a cushion with a sweep of his wand ( it soar into the air and knock Parvati 's hat off ) . " what ... d'you reckon Moody be here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff ? " " well , I dunno if that be what Dumbledore ask him to do , but he be definitely do it , " say Harry , wave his wand without pay much attention , so that his cushion do an odd sort of belly flop off the desk . " Moody say Dumbledore only let Snape stay here because he be give him a second chance or something ... " " what ? " say Ron , his eye widening , his next cushion spin high into the air , ricochet off the chandelier , and drop heavily onto Flitwick 's desk . " Harry ... maybe Moody think Snape put your name in the Goblet of Fire ! " " oh Ron , " say Hermione , shake her head sceptically , " we think Snape be try to kill Harry before , and it turn out he be save Harry 's life , remember ? " she banish a cushion and it fly across the room and land in the box they be all suppose to be aim at . Harry look at Hermione , think ... it be true that Snape have save his life once , but the odd thing be , Snape definitely loathe him , just as he have loathe Harry 's father when they have be at school together . Snape love take point from Harry , and have certainly never miss an opportunity to give him punishment , or even to suggest that he should be suspend from the school . " I do n't care what Moody say , " Hermione go on . " Dumbledore 's not stupid . he be right to trust Hagrid and Professor Lupin , even though load of people would n't have give them job , so why should n't he be right about Snape , even if Snape be a bit -- " " - evil , " say Ron promptly . " come on , Hermione , why be all these dark wizard catcher search his office , then ? " " why have Mr. Crouch be pretend to be ill ? " say Hermione , ignore Ron . " it be a bit funny , be n't it , that he ca n't manage to come to the Yule Ball , but he can get up here in the middle of the night when he want to ? " " you just do n't like Crouch because of that elf , Winky , " say Ron , send a cushion soar into the window . " you just want to think Snape 's up to something , " say Hermione , send her cushion zoom neatly into the box . " I just want to know what Snape do with his first chance , if he be on his second one , " say Harry grimly , and his cushion , to his very great surprise , fly straight across the room and land neatly on top of Hermione 's . obedient to Sirius 's wish of hearing about anything odd at Hogwarts , Harry send him a letter by brown owl that night , explain all about Mr. Crouch breaking into Snape 's office , and Moody and Snape 's conversation . then Harry turn his attention in earnest to the most urgent problem face him : how to survive underwater for an hour on the twenty-fourth of February . Ron quite like the idea of use the Summoning Charm again -- Harry have explain about Aqua-Lungs , and Ron could n't see why Harry should n't Summon one from the near Muggle town . Hermione squash this plan by point out that , in the unlikely event that Harry manage to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the set limit of an hour , he be sure to be disqualify for break the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy -- it be too much to hope that no Muggles would spot an Aqua-Lung zoom across the countryside to Hogwarts . " of course , the ideal solution would be for you to Transfigure yourself into a submarine or something , " Hermione say . " if only we have do human transfiguration already ! but I do n't think we start that until sixth year , and it can go badly wrong if you do n't know what you be do ... " " Yeah , I do n't fancy walk around with a periscope stick out of my head , " say Harry . " I s'pose I could always attack someone in front of Moody ; he might do it for me ... " " I do n't think he will let you choose what you want to be turn into , though , " say Hermione seriously . " no , I think your good chance be some sort of charm . " so Harry , think that he would soon have have enough of the library to last him a lifetime , bury himself once more among the dusty volume , look for any spell that might enable a human to survive without oxygen . however , though he , Ron , and Hermione search through their lunchtimes , evening , and whole weekend -- though Harry ask Professor McGonagall for a note of permission to use the restricted section , and even ask the irritable , vulture-like librarian , Madam Pince , for help -- they find nothing whatsoever that would enable Harry to spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale . familiar flutterings of panic be start to disturb Harry now , and he be find it difficult to concentrate in class again . the lake , which Harry have always take for grant as just another feature of the ground , draw his eye whenever he be near a classroom window , a great , iron-gray mass of chilly water , whose dark and icy depth be start to seem as distant as the moon . just as it have before he face the horntail , time be slip away as though somebody have bewitch the clock to go extra-fast . there be a week to go before February the twenty-fourth ( there be still time ) ... there be five day to go ( he be bind to find something soon ) ... three day to go ( please let me find something ... please ) ... with two day leave , Harry start to go off food again . the only good thing about breakfast on Monday be the return of the brown owl he have send to Sirius . he pull off the parchment , unroll it , and see the short letter Sirius have ever write to him . send date of next Hogsmeade weekend by return owl . Harry turn the parchment over and look at the back , hope to see something else , but it be blank . " weekend after next , " whisper Hermione , who have read the note over Harry 's shoulder . " here -- take my quill and send this owl back straight away . " Harry scribble the date down on the back of Sirius 's letter , tie it onto the brown owl 's leg , and watch it take flight again . what have he expect ? advice on how to survive underwater ? he have be so intent on tell Sirius all about Snape and Moody he have completely forget to mention the egg 's clue . " what be he want to know about the next Hogsmeade weekend for ? " say Ron . " dunno , " say Harry dully . the momentary happiness that have flare inside him at the sight of the owl have die . " come on ... Care of Magical Creatures . " whether Hagrid be try to make up for the Blast-Ended Skrewts , or because there be now only two skrewts leave , or because he be try to prove he could do anything that Professor Grubbly-Plank could , Harry do n't know , but Hagrid have be continue her lesson on unicorn ever since he have return to work . it turn out that Hagrid know quite as much about unicorn as he do about monster , though it be clear that he find their lack of poisonous fang disappointing . today he have manage to capture two unicorn foal . unlike full-grown unicorn , they be pure gold . Parvati and Lavender go into transport of delight at the sight of them , and even Pansy Parkinson have to work hard to conceal how much she like them . " easy ter spot than the adult , " Hagrid tell the class . " they turn silver when they be abou ' two year old , an ' they grow horn at aroun ' four . Don ' go pure white till they be full grow , ' round about seven . they be a bit more trustin ' when they be baby ... don ' mind boy so much ... C'mon , move in a bit , Yeh can pat ' em if yeh want ... give ' em a few o ' these sugar lump ... " you okay , Harry ? " Hagrid mutter , move aside slightly , while most of the other swarm around the baby unicorn . " yeah , " say Harry . " jus ' nervous , eh ? " say Hagrid . " bit , " say Harry . " Harry , " say Hagrid , clap a massive hand on his shoulder , so that Harry 's knee buckle under its weight , " I will have bin worry before I see yeh take on tha ' horntail , but I know now Yeh can do anythin ' yeh set yer mind ter . I be not worry at all . Yeh be goin ' ter be fine . get yer clue work out , haven ' yeh ? " Harry nod , but even as he do so , an insane urge to confess that he do n't have any idea how to survive at the bottom of the lake for an hour come over him . he look up at Hagrid -- perhaps he have to go into the lake sometimes , to deal with the creature in it ? he look after everything else on the ground , after all - " Yeh be goin ' ter win , " Hagrid growl , pat Harry 's shoulder again , so that Harry actually feel himself sink a couple of inch into the soft ground . " I know it . I can feel it . Yeh be goin ' ter win , Harry . " Harry just could n't bring himself to wipe the happy , confident smile off Hagrid 's face . pretend he be interested in the young unicorn , he force a smile in return , and move forward to pat them with the other . by the evening before the second task , Harry feel as though he be trap in a nightmare . he be fully aware that even if , by some miracle , he manage to find a suitable spell , he will have a real job master it overnight . how could he have let this happen ? why have n't he get to work on the egg 's clue sooner ? why have he ever let his mind wander in class -- what if a teacher have once mention how to breathe underwater ? he sit with Hermione and Ron in the library as the sun set outside , tear feverishly through page after page of spell , hide from one another by the massive pile of book on the desk in front of each of them . Harry 's heart give a huge leap every time he see the word " water " on a page , but more often than not it be merely " take two pint of water , half a pound of shredded mandrake leaf , and a newt ... " " I do n't reckon it can be do , " say Ron 's voice flatly from the other side of the table . " there be nothing . nothing . close be that thing to dry up puddle and pond , that Drought Charm , but that be nowhere near powerful enough to drain the lake . " " there must be something , " Hermione mutter , move a candle closer to her . her eye be so tired she be pore over the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with her nose about an inch from the page . " they will never have set a task that be undoable . " " they have , " say Ron . " Harry , just go down to the lake tomorrow , right , stick your head in , yell at the merpeople to give back whatever they have nick , and see if they chuck it out . well you can do , mate . " " there be a way of do it ! " Hermione say crossly . " there just have to be ! " she seem to be take the library 's lack of useful information on the subject as a personal insult ; it have never fail her before . " I know what I should have do , " say Harry , resting , facedown , on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts . " I should have learn to be an Animagus like Sirius . " an Animagus be a wizard who could transform into an animal . " yeah , you could have turn into a goldfish any time you want ! " say Ron . " or a frog , " yawn Harry . he be exhaust . " it take year to become an Animagus , and then you have to register yourself and everything , " say Hermione vaguely , now squint down the index of Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and their solution . " Professor McGonagall tell us , remember ... you have get to register yourself with the Improper Use of Magic Office ... what animal you become , and your marking , so you ca n't abuse it ... " " Hermione , I be joke , " say Harry wearily . " I know I have n't get a chance of turn into a frog by tomorrow morning ... " " oh this be no use , " Hermione say , snap shut Weird Wizarding Dilemmas . " who on earth want to make their nose hair grow into ringlet ? " " I would n't mind , " say Fred Weasley 's voice . " be a talk point , would n't it ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione look up . Fred and George have just emerge from behind some bookshelve . " what be you two do here ? " Ron ask . " look for you , " say George . " McGonagall want you , Ron . and you , Hermione . " " why ? " say Hermione , look surprise . " dunno ... she be look a bit grim , though , " say Fred . " we be suppose to take you down to her office , " say George . Ron and Hermione stare at Harry , who feel his stomach drop . be Professor McGonagall about to tell Ron and Hermione off ? perhaps she have notice how much they be help him , when he ought to be work out how to do the task alone ? " we will meet you back in the common room , " Hermione tell Harry as she get up to go with Ron -- both of them look very anxious . " bring as many of these book as you can , okay ? " " right , " say Harry uneasily . by eight o'clock , Madam Pince have extinguish all the lamp and come to chivvy Harry out of the library . stagger under the weight of as many book as he could carry , Harry return to the Gryffindor common room , pull a table into a corner , and continue to search . there be nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks ... nothing in a Guide to Medieval Sorcery ... not one mention of underwater exploit in an Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms , or in Dreadful Denizens of the deep , or Powers You Never Knew you have and what to do with Them now you have wis up . Crookshanks crawl into Harry 's lap and curl up , purr deeply . the common room empty slowly around Harry . people keep wish him luck for the next morning in cheery , confident voice like Hagrid 's , all of them apparently convince that he be about to pull off another stunning performance like the one he have manage in the first task . Harry could n't answer them , he just nod , feel as though there be a golfball stick in his throat . by ten to midnight , he be alone in the room with Crookshanks . he have search all the remain book , and Ron and Hermione have not come back . it be over , he tell himself . you ca n't do it . you will just have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell the judge ... he imagine himself explain that he could n't do the task . he picture Bagman 's look of round-eyed surprise , Karkaroff 's satisfied , yellow-toothed smile . he could almost hear Fleur Delacour say " I know it ... ' e be too young , ' e be only a little boy . " he see Malfoy flash his Potter STINKS badge at the front of the crowd , see Hagrid 's crestfallen , disbelieve face ... forget that Crookshanks be on his lap , Harry stand up very suddenly ; Crookshanks hiss angrily as he land on the floor , give Harry a disgusted look , and stalk away with his bottlebrush tail in the air , but Harry be already hurry up the spiral staircase to his dormitory ... he would grab the Invisibility Cloak and go back to the library , he will stay there all night if he have to ... " Lumos , " Harry whisper fifteen minute later as he open the library door . wand tip alight , he creep along the bookshelve , pull down more book -- book of hex and charm , book on merpeople and water monster , book on famous witch and wizard , on magical invention , on anything at all that might include one passing reference to underwater survival . he carry them over to a table , then set to work , search them by the narrow beam of his wand , occasionally check his watch ... one in the morning ... two in the morning ... the only way he could keep go be to tell himself , over and over again , next book ... in the next one ... the next one ... the mermaid in the painting in the prefect ' bathroom be laugh . Harry be bob like a cork in bubbly water next to her rock , while she hold his Firebolt over his head . " come and get it ! " she giggle maliciously . " come on , jump ! " " I ca n't , " Harry pant , snatch at the Firebolt , and struggle not to sink . " give it to me ! " but she just poke him painfully in the side with the end of the broomstick , laugh at him . " that hurt -- get off -- ouch -- " " Harry Potter must wake up , sir ! " " stop poke me -- " " Dobby must poke Harry Potter , sir , he must wake up ! " Harry open his eye . he be still in the library ; the Invisibility Cloak have slip off his head as he have sleep , and the side of his face be stick to the page of where there be a Wand , there be a way . he sit up , straighten his glass , blink in the bright daylight . " Harry Potter need to hurry ! " squeak Dobby . " the second task start in ten minute , and Harry Potter -- " " ten minute ? " Harry croak . " ten -- ten minute ? " he look down at his watch . dobby be right . it be twenty past nine . a large , dead weight seem to fall through Harry 's chest into his stomach . " hurry , Harry Potter ! " squeak Dobby , pluck at Harry 's sleeve . " you be suppose to be down by the lake with the other champion , sir ! " " it be too late , Dobby , " Harry say hopelessly . " I be not do the task , I do n't know how -- " " Harry Potter will do the task ! " squeak the elf . " Dobby know Harry have not find the right book , so Dobby do it for him ! " " what ? " say Harry . " but you do n't know what the second task be -- " " Dobby know , sir ! Harry Potter have to go into the lake and find his Wheezy -- " " find my what ? " " - and take his Wheezy back from the merpeople ! " " what be a Wheezy ? " " your Wheezy , sir , your Wheezy -- Wheezy who be give Dobby his sweater ! " Dobby pluck at the shrunken maroon sweater he be now wear over his short . " what ? " Harry gasp . " they have get ... they have get Ron ? " " the thing Harry Potter will miss most , sir ! " squeak Dobby . " ' but past an hour - ' " " - ' the prospect 's black , ' " Harry recite , stare , horror-struck , at the elf . " ' too late , it be go , it wo n't come back . ' Dobby -- what have I get to do ? " " you have to eat this , sir ! " squeak the elf , and he put his hand in the pocket of his short and draw out a ball of what look like slimy , grayish-green rat tail . " right before you go into the lake , sir -- gillyweed ! " " what be it do ? " say Harry , stare at the gillyweed . " it will make Harry Potter breathe underwater , sir ! " " dobby , " say Harry frantically , " listen -- be you sure about this ? " he could n't quite forget that the last time Dobby have try to " help " him , he have end up with no bone in his right arm . " Dobby be quite sure , sir ! " say the elf earnestly . " Dobby hear thing , sir , he be a house-elf , he go all over the castle as he light the fire and mop the floor . Dobby hear Professor McGonagall and Professor Moody in the staffroom , talk about the next task ... Dobby can let Harry Potter lose his Wheezy ! " Harry 's doubt vanish . jump to his foot he pull off the Invisibility Cloak , stuff it into his bag , grab the gillyweed , and put it into his pocket , then tear out of the library with Dobby at his heel . " Dobby be suppose to be in the kitchen , sir ! " Dobby squeal as they burst into the corridor . " Dobby will be miss -- good luck , Harry Potter , sir , good luck ! " " see you later , Dobby ! " Harry shout , and he sprint along the corridor and down the stair , three at a time . the entrance hall contain a few last-minute straggler , all leave the Great Hall after breakfast and head through the double oak door to watch the second task . they stare as Harry flash past , send Colin and Dennis Creevey fly as he leap down the stone step and out onto the bright , chilly ground . as he pound down the lawn he see that the seat that have encircle the dragon ' enclosure in November be now range along the opposite bank , rise in stand that be pack to the burst point and reflect in the lake below . the excited babble of the crowd echo strangely across the water as Harry run flat-out around the other side of the lake toward the judge , who be sit at another gold-draped table at the water 's edge . Cedric , Fleur , and Krum be beside the judge ' table , watch Harry sprint toward them . " I be ... here ... " Harry pant , skid to a halt in the mud and accidentally splatter Fleur 's robe . " where have you be ? " say a bossy , disapprove voice . " the task be about to start ! " Harry look around . Percy Weasley be sit at the judge ' table -- Mr. Crouch have fail to turn up again . " now , now , Percy ! " say Ludo Bagman , who be look intensely relieve to see Harry . " let him catch his breath ! " Dumbledore smile at Harry , but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime do n't look at all please to see him ... it be obvious from the look on their face that they have think he be n't go to turn up . Harry bend over , hand on his knee , gasp for breath ; he have a stitch in his side that feel as though he have a knife between his rib , but there be no time to get rid of it ; Ludo Bagman be now move among the champion , space them along the bank at interval of ten foot . Harry be on the very end of the line , next to Krum , who be wear swimming trunk and be hold his wand ready . " all right , Harry ? " bagman whisper as he move Harry a few foot farther away from Krum . " know what you be go to do ? " " yeah , " Harry pant , massage his rib . bagman give Harry 's shoulder a quick squeeze and return to the judge ' table ; he point his wand at his throat as he have do at the World Cup , say , " Sonorus ! " and his voice boom out across the dark water toward the stand . " well , all our champion be ready for the second task , which will start on my whistle . they have precisely an hour to recover what have be take from them . on the count of three , then . one ... two ... three ! " the whistle echo shrilly in the cold , still air ; the stand erupt with cheer and applause ; without look to see what the other champion be do , Harry pull off his shoe and sock , pull the handful of gillyweed out of his pocket , stuff it into his mouth , and wade out into the lake . it be so cold he feel the skin on his leg sear as though this be fire , not icy water . his sodden robe weigh him down as he walk in deeper ; now the water be over his knee , and his rapidly numb foot be slip over silt and flat , slimy stone . he be chew the gillyweed as hard and fast as he could ; it feel unpleasantly slimy and rubbery , like octopus tentacle . waist-deep in the freezing water he stop , swallow , and wait for something to happen . he could hear laughter in the crowd and know he must look stupid , walk into the lake without show any sign of magical power . the part of him that be still dry be cover in goose pimple ; half immerse in the icy water , a cruel breeze lift his hair , Harry start to shiver violently . he avoid look at the stand ; the laughter be become loud , and there be catcall and jeer from the Slytherins ... then , quite suddenly , Harry feel as though an invisible pillow have be press over his mouth and nose . he try to draw breath , but it make his head spin ; his lung be empty , and he suddenly feel a piercing pain on either side of his neck - Harry clap his hand around his throat and feel two large slit just below his ear , flap in the cold air ... he have gill . without pause to think , he do the only thing that make sense -- he fling himself forward into the water . the first gulp of icy lake water feel like the breath of life . his head have stop spin ; he take another great gulp of water and feel it pass smoothly through his gill , send oxygen back to his brain . he stretch out his hand in front of him and stare at them . they look green and ghostly under the water , and they have become webbed . he twist around and look at his bare foot -- they have become elongate and the toe be web too : it look as though he have sprout flipper . the water do n't feel icy anymore either ... on the contrary , he feel pleasantly cool and very light ... Harry strike out once more , marvel at how far and fast his flipper-like foot propel him through the water , and notice how clearly he could see , and how he no longer seem to need to blink . he have soon swim so far into the lake that he could no longer see the bottom . he flip over and dive into its depth . silence press upon his ear as he soar over a strange , dark , foggy landscape . he could only see ten foot around him , so that as he speed through the water new scene seem to loom suddenly out of the oncoming darkness : forest of ripple , tangled black weed , wide plain of mud litter with dull , glimmer stone . he swim deep and deep , out toward the middle of the lake , his eye wide , stare through the eerily gray-lit water around him to the shadow beyond , where the water become opaque . small fish flicker past him like silver dart . once or twice he think he see something large move ahead of him , but when he get near , he discover it to be nothing but a large , blacken log , or a dense clump of weed . there be no sign of any of the other champion , merpeople , Ron -- nor , thankfully , the giant squid . light green weed stretch ahead of him as far as he could see , two foot deep , like a meadow of very overgrow grass . Harry be stare unblinkingly ahead of him , try to discern shape through the gloom ... and then , without warning , something grab hold of his ankle . Harry twist his body around and see a grindylow , a small , horned water demon , poke out of the weed , its long finger clutch tightly around Harry 's leg , its pointed fang bare -- Harry stick his webbed hand quickly inside his robe and fumble for his wand . by the time he have grasp it , two more grindylows have rise out of the weed , have seize handful of Harry 's robe , and be attempt to drag him down . " Relashio ! " Harry shout , except that no sound come out ... a large bubble issue from his mouth , and his wand , instead of send spark at the grindylows , pelt them with what seem to be a jet of boil water , for where it strike them , angry red patch appear on their green skin . Harry pull his ankle out of the grindylows grip and swim , as fast as he could , occasionally send more jet of hot water over his shoulder at random ; every now and then he feel one of the grindylows snatch at his foot again , and he kick out , hard ; finally , he feel his foot connect with a horned skull , and look back , see the daze grindylow float away , cross-eyed , while its fellow shake their fist at Harry and sink back into the weed . Harry slow down a little , slip his wand back inside his robe , and look around , listen again . he turn full circle in the water , the silence press harder than ever against his eardrum . he know he must be even deep in the lake now , but nothing be move but the ripple weed . " how be you get on ? " Harry think he be have a heart attack . he whip around and see Moaning Myrtle float hazily in front of him , gaze at him through her thick , pearly glass . " Myrtle ! " Harry try to shout -- but once again , nothing come out of his mouth but a very large bubble . moan Myrtle actually giggle . " you want to try over there ! " she say , point . " I wo n't come with you ... I do n't like them much , they always chase me when I get too close ... " Harry give her the thumbs-up to show his thanks and set off once more , careful to swim a bit high over the weed to avoid any more grindylows that might be lurk there . he swim on for what feel like at least twenty minute . he be pass over vast expanse of black mud now , which swirl murkily as he disturb the water . then , at long last , he hear a snatch of haunt mersong . " an hour long you will have to look , and to recover what we take ... " Harry swim fast and soon see a large rock emerge out of the muddy water ahead . it have painting of merpeople on it ; they be carry spear and chasing what look like the giant squid . Harry swim on past the rock , follow the mersong . " ... your time be half go , so tarry not Lest what you seek stay here to rot ... " a cluster of crude stone dwelling stain with algae loom suddenly out of the gloom on all side . here and there at the dark window , Harry see face ... face that bear no resemblance at all to the painting of the mermaid in the prefect ' bathroom ... the merpeople have grayish skin and long , wild , dark green hair . their eye be yellow , as be their break tooth , and they wear thick rope of pebble around their neck . they leer at Harry as he swim past ; one or two of them emerge from their cave to watch him good , their powerful , silver fish tail beat the water , spear clutch in their hand . Harry speed on , stare around , and soon the dwelling become more numerous ; there be garden of weed around some of them , and he even see a pet grindylow tie to a stake outside one door . Merpeople be emerge on all side now , watch him eagerly , point at his webbed hand and gill , talk behind their hand to one another . Harry speed around a corner and a very strange sight meet his eye . a whole crowd of merpeople be float in front of the house that line what look like a mer-version of a village square . a choir of merpeople be sing in the middle , call the champion toward them , and behind them rise a crude sort of statue ; a gigantic merperson hew from a boulder . four people be bind tightly to the tail of the stone merperson . Ron be tie between Hermione and Cho Chang . there be also a girl who look no old than eight , whose cloud of silvery hair make Harry feel sure that she be Fleur Delacour 's sister . all four of them appear to be in a very deep sleep . their head be loll onto their shoulder , and fine stream of bubble keep issue from their mouth . Harry speed toward the hostage , half expect the merpeople to lower their spear and charge at him , but they do nothing . the rope of weed tie the hostage to the statue be thick , slimy , and very strong . for a fleeting second he think of the knife Sirius have buy him for Christmas -- lock in his trunk in the castle a quarter of a mile away , no use to him whatsoever . he look around . many of the merpeople surround them be carry spear . he swim swiftly toward a seven-foot-tall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fang and try to mime a request to borrow the spear . the merman laugh and shake his head . " we do not help , " he say in a harsh , croaky voice . " come on ! " Harry say fiercely ( but only bubble issue from his mouth ) , and he try to pull the spear away from the merman , but the merman yank it back , still shake his head and laugh . Harry swirl around , stare about . something sharp ... anything ... there be rock litter the lake bottom . he dive and snatch up a particularly jag one and return to the statue . he begin to hack at the rope bind Ron , and after several minute ' hard work , they break apart . Ron float , unconscious , a few inch above the lake bottom , drift a little in the ebb of the water . Harry look around . there be no sign of any of the other champion . what be they play at ? why do n't they hurry up ? he turn back to Hermione , raise the jagged rock , and begin to hack at her binding too - at once , several pair of strong gray hand seize him . half a dozen merman be pull him away from Hermione , shake their green-haired head , and laugh . " you take your own hostage , " one of them say to him . " leave the other ... " " no way ! " say Harry furiously -- but only two large bubble come out . " your task be to retrieve your own friend ... leave the other ... " " she be my friend too ! " Harry yell , gesture toward Hermione , an enormous silver bubble emerge soundlessly from his lip . " and I do n't want them to die either ! " Cho 's head be on Hermione 's shoulder ; the small silver-haired girl be ghostly green and pale . Harry struggle to fight off the merman , but they laugh harder than ever , hold him back . Harry look wildly around . where be the other champion ? would he have time to take Ron to the surface and come back down for Hermione and the other ? would he be able to find them again ? he look down at his watch to see how much time be leave -- it have stop work . but then the merpeople around him point excitedly over his head . Harry look up and see Cedric swimming toward them . there be an enormous bubble around his head , which make his feature look oddly wide and stretched . " Got lose ! " he mouth , look panic-stricken . " Fleur and Krum be come now ! " feel enormously relieve , Harry watch Cedric pull a knife out of his pocket and cut Cho free . he pull her upward and out of sight . Harry look around , wait . where be Fleur and Krum ? time be get short , and accord to the song , the hostage would be lose after an hour ... the merpeople start screech animatedly . those holding Harry loosen their grip , stare behind them . Harry turn and see something monstrous cutting through the water toward them : a human body in swim trunk with the head of a shark ... it be Krum . he appear to have transfigure himself -- but badly . the shark-man swim straight to Hermione and begin snap and bite at her rope ; the trouble be that Krum 's new tooth be position very awkwardly for bite anything small than a dolphin , and Harry be quite sure that if Krum be n't careful , he be go to rip Hermione in half . dart forward , Harry hit Krum hard on the shoulder and hold up the jagged stone . Krum seize it and begin to cut Hermione free . within second , he have do it ; he grab Hermione around the waist , and without a backward glance , begin to rise rapidly with her toward the surface . now what ? Harry think desperately . if he could be sure that Fleur be come ... but still no sign . there be nothing to be do except ... he snatch up the stone , which Krum have drop , but the merman now close in around Ron and the little girl , shake their head at him . Harry pull out his wand . " get out of the way ! " only bubble fly out of his mouth , but he have the distinct impression that the merman have understand him , because they suddenly stop laugh . their yellowish eye be fix upon Harry 's wand , and they look scared . there might be a lot more of them than there be of him , but Harry could tell , by the look on their face , that they know no more magic than the giant squid do . " you have get until three ! " Harry shout ; a great stream of bubble burst from him , but he hold up three finger to make sure they get the message . " one ... " ( he put down a finger ) " two ... " ( he put down a second one ) - they scatter . Harry dart forward and begin to hack at the rope bind the small girl to the statue , and at last she be free . he seize the little girl around the waist , grab the neck of Ron 's robe , and kick off from the bottom . it be very slow work . he could no longer use his webbed hand to propel himself forward ; he work his flipper furiously , but Ron and Fleur 's sister be like potato-filled sack drag him back down ... he fix his eye skyward , though he know he must still be very deep , the water above him be so dark ... Merpeople be rise with him . he could see them swirling around him with ease , watch him struggle through the water ... Would they pull him back down to the depth when the time be up ? do they perhaps eat human ? Harry 's leg be seize up with the effort to keep swimming ; his shoulder be ache horribly with the effort of drag Ron and the girl ... he be draw breath with extreme difficulty . he could feel pain on the side of his neck again ... he be become very aware of how wet the water be in his mouth ... yet the darkness be definitely thin now ... he could see daylight above him ... he kick hard with his flipper and discover that they be nothing more than foot ... water be flood through his mouth into his lung ... he be start to feel dizzy , but he know light and air be only ten foot above him ... he have to get there ... he have to ... Harry kick his leg so hard and fast it feel as though his muscle be scream in protest ; his very brain feel waterlogged , he could n't breathe , he need oxygen , he have to keep go , he could not stop - and then he feel his head break the surface of the lake ; wonderful , cold , clear air be make his wet face sting ; he gulp it down , feel as though he have never breathe properly before , and , pant , pull Ron and the little girl up with him . all around him , wild , green-haired head be emerge out of the water with him , but they be smile at him . the crowd in the stand be make a great deal of noise ; shout and scream , they all seem to be on their foot ; Harry have the impression they think that Ron and the little girl might be dead , but they be wrong ... both of them have open their eye ; the girl look scare and confuse , but Ron merely expel a great spout of water , blink in the bright light , turn to Harry , and say , " Wet , this , be n't it ? " then he spot Fleur 's sister . " what do you bring her for ? " " Fleur do n't turn up , I could n't leave her , " Harry pant . " Harry , you prat , " say Ron , " you do n't take that song thing seriously , do you ? Dumbledore would n't have let any of us drown ! " " the song say -- " " it be only to make sure you get back inside the time limit ! " say Ron . " I hope you do n't waste time down there act the hero ! " Harry feel both stupid and annoyed . it be all very well for Ron ; he have be asleep , he have n't feel how eerie it be down in the lake , surround by spear-carrying merpeople who have look more than capable of murder . " C'mon , " Harry say shortly , " help me with her , I do n't think she can swim very well . " they pull Fleur 's sister through the water , back toward the bank where the judge stand watch , twenty merpeople accompany them like a guard of honor , sing their horrible screechy song . Harry could see Madam Pomfrey fuss over Hermione , Krum , Cedric , and Cho , all of whom be wrap in thick blanket . Dumbledore and Ludo Bagman stand beam at Harry and Ron from the bank as they swim near , but Percy , who look very white and somehow much young than usual , come splash out to meet them . meanwhile Madame Maxime be try to restrain Fleur Delacour , who be quite hysterical , fight tooth and nail to return to the water . " Gabrielle ! Gabrielle ! be she alive ? be she ' urt ? " " she be fine ! " Harry try to tell her , but he be so exhaust he could hardly talk , let alone shout . Percy seize Ron and be drag him back to the bank ( " Gerroff , Percy , I be all right ! " ) ; Dumbledore and Bagman be pull Harry upright ; Fleur have break free of Madame Maxime and be hug her sister . " it be ze grindylows ... zey attack me ... oh Gabrielle , I think ... I think ... " " come here , you , " say Madam Pomfrey . she seize Harry and pull him over to Hermione and the other , wrap him so tightly in a blanket that he feel as though he be in a straitjacket , and force a measure of very hot potion down his throat . steam gush out of his ear . " Harry , well do ! " Hermione cry . " you do it , you find out how all by yourself ! " " well -- " say Harry . he would have tell her about Dobby , but he have just notice Karkaroff watch him . he be the only judge who have not leave the table ; the only judge not show sign of pleasure and relief that Harry , Ron , and Fleur 's sister have get back safely . " yeah , that be right , " say Harry , raise his voice slightly so that Karkaroff could hear him . " you haff a water beetle in your hair , Herm-own-ninny , " say Krum . Harry have the impression that Krum be draw her attention back onto himself ; perhaps to remind her that he have just rescue her from the lake , but Hermione brush away the beetle impatiently and say , " you be well outside the time limit , though , Harry ... do it take you age to find us ? " " no ... I find you okay ... " Harry 's feeling of stupidity be grow . now he be out of the water , it seem perfectly clear that Dumbledore 's safety precaution would n't have permit the death of a hostage just because their champion have n't turn up . why have n't he just grab Ron and go ? he would have be first back ... Cedric and Krum have n't waste time worry about anyone else ; they have n't take the mersong seriously ... Dumbledore be crouch at the water 's edge , deep in conversation with what seem to be the chief merperson , a particularly wild and ferocious-looking female . he be make the same sort of screechy noise that the merpeople make when they be above water ; clearly , Dumbledore could speak Mermish . finally he straighten up , turn to his fellow judge , and say , " a conference before we give the mark , I think . " the judge go into a huddle . madam Pomfrey have go to rescue Ron from Percy 's clutch ; she lead him over to Harry and the other , give him a blanket and some Pepperup Potion , then go to fetch Fleur and her sister . Fleur have many cut on her face and arm and her robe be tear , but she do n't seem to care , nor would she allow Madam Pomfrey to clean them . " look after Gabrielle , " she tell her , and then she turn to Harry . " you save ' er , " she say breathlessly . " even though she be not your ' ostage . " " yeah , " say Harry , who be now heartily wish he have leave all three girl tie to the statue . Fleur bend down , kiss Harry twice on each cheek ( he feel his face burn and would n't have be surprise if steam be come out of his ear again ) , then say to Ron , " and you too -- you ' elped -- " " Yeah , " say Ron , look extremely hopeful , " yeah , a bit -- " Fleur swoop down on him too and kiss him . Hermione look simply furious , but just then , Ludo Bagman 's magically magnify voice boom out beside them , make them all jump , and cause the crowd in the stand to go very quiet . " lady and gentleman , we have reach our decision . Merchieftainess Murcus have tell us exactly what happen at the bottom of the lake , and we have therefore decide to award mark out of fifty for each of the champion , as follow ... " Fleur Delacour , though she demonstrate excellent use of the Bubble-Head Charm , be attack by grindylows as she approach her goal , and fail to retrieve her hostage . we award her twenty-five point . " applause from the stand . " I deserve zero , " say Fleur throatily , shake her magnificent head . " Cedric Diggory , who also use the Bubble-Head Charm , be first to return with his hostage , though he return one minute outside the time limit of an hour . " enormous cheer from the Hufflepuffs in the crowd ; Harry see Cho give Cedric a glowing look . " we therefore award him forty-seven point . " Harry 's heart sink . if Cedric have be outside the time limit , he most certainly have be . " Viktor Krum use an incomplete form of Transfiguration , which be nevertheless effective , and be second to return with his hostage . we award him forty point . " Karkaroff clap particularly hard , look very superior . " Harry Potter use gillyweed to great effect , " Bagman continue . " he return last , and well outside the time limit of an hour . however , the Merchieftainess inform us that Mr. Potter be first to reach the hostage , and that the delay in his return be due to his determination to return all hostage to safety , not merely his own . " Ron and Hermione both give Harry half-exasperated , half-commiserating look . " most of the judge , " and here , Bagman give Karkaroff a very nasty look , " feel that this show moral fiber and merit full mark . however ... Mr. Potter 's score be forty-five point . " Harry 's stomach leap -- he be now tie for first place with Cedric . Ron and Hermione , catch by surprise , stare at Harry , then laugh and start applaud hard with the rest of the crowd . " there you go , Harry ! " Ron shout over the noise . " you be n't be thick after all -- you be show moral fiber ! " Fleur be clap very hard too , but Krum do n't look happy at all . he attempt to engage Hermione in conversation again , but she be too busy cheer Harry to listen . " the third and final task will take place at dusk on the twenty-fourth of June , " continue Bagman . " the champion will be notify of what be come precisely one month beforehand . thank you all for your support of the champion . " it be over , Harry think dazedly , as Madam Pomfrey begin herd the champion and hostage back to the castle to get into dry clothes ... it be over , he have get through ... he do n't have to worry about anything now until June the twenty-fourth ... next time he be in Hogsmeade , Harry decide as he walk back up the stone step into the castle , he be go to buy Dobby a pair of sock for every day of the year . Chapter @card@ Padfoot Returns one of the good thing about the aftermath of the second task be that everybody be very keen to hear detail of what have happen down in the lake , which mean that Ron be get to share Harry 's limelight for once . Harry notice that Ron 's version of event change subtly with every retell . at first , he give what seem to be the truth ; it tally with Hermione 's story , anyway -- Dumbledore have put all the hostage into a bewitch sleep in Professor McGonagall 's office , first assure them that they would be quite safe , and would awake when they be back above the water . one week later , however , Ron be tell a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he struggle single-handedly against fifty heavily arm merpeople who have to beat him into submission before tie him up . " but I have my wand hide up my sleeve , " he assure Padma Patil , who seem to be a lot keener on Ron now that he be get so much attention and be make a point of talk to him every time they pass in the corridor . " I could have take those mer-idiots any time I want . " " what be you go to do , snore at them ? " say Hermione waspishly . people have be tease her so much about be the thing that Viktor Krum would most miss that she be in a rather tetchy mood . Ron 's ear go red , and thereafter , he revert to the bewitch sleep version of event . as they enter March the weather become dry , but cruel wind skin their hand and face every time they go out onto the ground . there be delay in the post because the owl keep be blow off course . the brown owl that Harry have send to Sirius with the date of the Hogsmeade weekend turn up at breakfast on Friday morning with half its feather stick up the wrong way ; Harry have no sooner torn off Sirius 's reply than it take flight , clearly afraid it be go to be send outside again . Sirius 's letter be almost as short as the previous one . be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade ( past Dervish and Banges ) at two o'clock on Saturday afternoon . bring as much food as you can . " he have n't come back to Hogsmeade ? " say Ron incredulously . " it look like it , do n't it ? " say Hermione . " I ca n't believe him , " say Harry tensely , " if he be catch ... " " make it so far , though , have n't he ? " say Ron . " and it be not like the place be swarm with dementors anymore . " Harry fold up the letter , think . if he be honest with himself , he really want to see Sirius again . he therefore approach the final lesson of the afternoon -- double potion -- feel considerably more cheerful than he usually do when descend the step to the dungeon . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be stand in a huddle outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson 's gang of Slytherin girl . all of them be look at something Harry could n't see and snigger heartily . Pansy 's pug-like face peer excitedly around Goyle 's broad back as Harry , Ron , and Hermione approach . " there they be , there they be ! " she giggle , and the knot of Slytherins break apart . Harry see that Pansy have a magazine in her hand -- Witch Weekly . the move picture on the front show a curly-haired witch who be smile toothily and point at a large sponge cake with her wand . " you might find something to interest you in there , Granger ! " Pansy say loudly , and she throw the magazine at Hermione , who catch it , look startle . at that moment , the dungeon door open , and Snape beckon them all inside . Hermione , Harry , and Ron head for a table at the back of the dungeon as usual . once Snape have turn his back on them to write up the ingredient of today 's potion on the blackboard , Hermione hastily rifle through the magazine under the desk . at last , in the center page , Hermione find what they be look for . Harry and Ron lean in closer . a color photograph of Harry head a short piece entitle : Harry Potter 's Secret Heartache a boy like no other , perhaps -- yet a boy suffer all the usual pang of adolescence , write Rita Skeeter . deprive of love since the tragic demise of his parent , fourteen-year-old Harry Potter think he have find solace in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts , Muggle-born Hermione Granger . Little do he know that he would shortly be suffer yet another emotional blow in a life already litter with personal loss . Miss Granger , a plain but ambitious girl , seem to have a taste for famous wizard that Harry alone can satisfy . since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum , Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup , Miss Granger have be toy with both boy ' affection . Krum , who be openly smite with the devious Miss Granger , have already invite her to visit him in Bulgaria over the summer holiday , and insist that he have " never feel this way about any other girl . " however , it might not be Miss Granger 's doubtful natural charm that have capture these unfortunate boy ' interest . " she be really ugly , " say Pansy Parkinson , a pretty and vivacious fourth-year student , " but she will be well up to make a Love Potion , she be quite brainy . I think that be how she be do it . " love potion be , of course , ban at Hogwarts , and no doubt Albus Dumbledore will want to investigate these claim . in the meantime , Harry Potter 's well-wisher must hope that , next time , he bestow his heart on a worthy candidate . " I tell you ! " Ron hiss at Hermione as she stare down at the article . " I tell you not to annoy Rita Skeeter ! she have make you out to be some sort of -- of scarlet woman ! " Hermione stop look astonish and snort with laughter . " scarlet woman ? " she repeat , shake with suppress giggle as she look around at Ron . " it be what my mum call them , " Ron mutter , his ear go red . " if that be the good Rita can do , she be lose her touch , " say Hermione , still giggle , as she throw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair beside her . " what a pile of old rubbish . " she look over at the Slytherins , who be all watch her and Harry closely across the room to see if they have be upset by the article . Hermione give them a sarcastic smile and a wave , and she , Harry , and Ron start unpack the ingredient they would need for their Wit-Sharpening Potion . " there be something funny , though , " say Hermione ten minute later , hold her pestle suspend over a bowl of scarab beetle . " how could Rita Skeeter have know ... ? " " know what ? " say Ron quickly . " you have n't be mix up love potion , have you ? " " do n't be stupid , " Hermione snap , start to pound up her beetle again . " no , it be just ... how do she know Viktor ask me to visit him over the summer ? " Hermione blush scarlet as she say this and determinedly avoid Ron 's eye . " what ? " say Ron , drop his pestle with a loud clunk . " he ask me right after he have pull me out of the lake , " Hermione mutter . " after he have get rid of his shark 's head . madam Pomfrey give us both blanket and then he sort of pull me away from the judge so they would n't hear , and he say , if I be n't do anything over the summer , would I like to -- " " and what do you say ? " say Ron , who have pick up his pestle and be grind it on the desk , a good six inch from his bowl , because he be look at Hermione . " and he do say he have never feel the same way about anyone else , " Hermione go on , go so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat come from her , " but how could Rita Skeeter have hear him ? she be n't there ... or be she ? maybe she have get an Invisibility Cloak ; maybe she sneak onto the ground to watch the second task ... " " and what do you say ? " Ron repeat , pound his pestle down so hard that it dent the desk . " well , I be too busy see whether you and Harry be okay to -- " " fascinate though your social life undoubtedly be , Miss Granger , " say an icy voice right behind them , and all three of them jump , " I must ask you not to discuss it in my class . ten point from Gryffindor . " Snape have glide over to their desk while they be talk . the whole class be now look around at them ; Malfoy take the opportunity to flash Potter STINKS across the dungeon at Harry . " ah ... read magazine under the table as well ? " Snape add , snatch up the copy of Witch Weekly . " a further ten point from Gryffindor ... oh but of course ... " Snape 's black eye glitter as they fall on Rita Skeeter 's article . " Potter have to keep up with his press cutting ... " the dungeon ring with the Slytherins ' laughter , and an unpleasant smile curl Snape 's thin mouth . to Harry 's fury , he begin to read the article aloud . " ' Harry Potter 's Secret Heartache ... dear , dear , Potter , what be ail you now ? ' a boy like no other , perhaps ... ' " Harry could feel his face burning . Snape be pause at the end of every sentence to allow the Slytherins a hearty laugh . the article sound ten time worse when read by Snape . even Hermione be blush scarlet now . " ' ... Harry Potter 's well-wisher must hope that , next time , he bestow his heart upon a worthy candidate . ' how very touching , " sneer Snape , roll up the magazine to continued gale of laughter from the Slytherins . " well , I think I have well separate the three of you , so you can keep your mind on your potion rather than on your tangled love life . Weasley , you stay here . Miss Granger , over there , beside Miss Parkinson . Potter -- that table in front of my desk . move . now . " furious , Harry throw his ingredient and his bag into his cauldron and drag it up to the front of the dungeon to the empty table . Snape follow , sit down at his desk and watch Harry unload his cauldron . determine not to look at Snape , Harry resume the mash of his scarab beetle , imagine each one to have Snape 's face . " all this press attention seem to have inflate your already over-large head , Potter , " say Snape quietly , once the rest of the class have settle down again . Harry do n't answer . he know Snape be try to provoke him ; he have do this before . no doubt he be hope for an excuse to take a round fifty point from Gryffindor before the end of the class . " you might be labor under the delusion that the entire wizarding world be impress with you , " Snape go on , so quietly that no one else could hear him ( Harry continue to pound his scarab beetle , even though he have already reduce them to a very fine powder ) , " but I do n't care how many time your picture appear in the paper . to me , Potter , you be nothing but a nasty little boy who consider rule to be beneath him . " Harry tip the powdered beetle into his cauldron and start cut up his ginger root . his hand be shake slightly out of anger , but he keep his eye down , as though he could n't hear what Snape be say to him . " so I give you fair warning , Potter , " Snape continue in a soft and more dangerous voice , " pint-sized celebrity or not -- if I catch you break into my office one more time -- " " I have n't be anywhere near your office ! " say Harry angrily , forget his feign deafness . " do n't lie to me , " Snape hiss , his fathomless black eye boring into Harry 's . " boomslang skin . Gillyweed . both come from my private store , and I know who steal them . " Harry stare back at Snape , determine not to blink or to look guilty . in truth , he have n't steal either of these thing from Snape . Hermione have take the boomslang skin back in their second year -- they have need it for the Polyjuice Potion -- and while Snape have suspect Harry at the time , he have never be able to prove it . Dobby , of course , have steal the gillyweed . " I do n't know what you be talk about , " Harry lie coldly . " you be out of bed on the night my office be break into ! " Snape hiss . " I know it , Potter ! now , Mad-Eye Moody might have join your fan club , but I will not tolerate your behavior ! one more nighttime stroll into my office , Potter , and you will pay ! " right , " say Harry coolly , turn back to his ginger root . " I will bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there . " Snape 's eye flash . he plunge a hand into the inside of his black robe . for one wild moment , Harry think Snape be about to pull out his wand and curse him -- then he see that Snape have draw out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion . Harry stare at it . " do you know what this be , Potter ? " Snape say , his eye glitter dangerously again . " no , " say Harry , with complete honesty this time . " it be Veritaserum -- a Truth Potion so powerful that three drop would have you spill your innermost secret for this entire class to hear , " say Snape viciously . " now , the use of this potion be control by very strict Ministry guideline . but unless you watch your step , you might just find that my hand slip " -- he shake the crystal bottle slightly -- " right over your evening pumpkin juice . and then , Potter ... then we will find out whether you have be in my office or not . " Harry say nothing . he turn back to his ginger root once more , pick up his knife , and start slice them again . he do n't like the sound of that Truth Potion at all , nor would he put it past Snape to slip him some . he repress a shudder at the thought of what might come spill out of his mouth if Snape do it ... quite apart from land a whole lot of people in trouble -- Hermione and Dobby for a start -- there be all the other thing he be conceal ... like the fact that he be in contact with Sirius ... and -- his inside squirm at the thought -- how he feel about Cho ... he tip his ginger root into the cauldron too , and wonder whether he ought to take a leaf out of Moody 's book and start drink only from a private hip flask . there be a knock on the dungeon door . " enter , " say Snape in his usual voice . the class look around as the door open . Professor Karkaroff come in . everyone watch him as he walk up toward Snape 's desk . he be twist his finger around his goatee and look agitate . " we need to talk , " say Karkaroff abruptly when he have reach Snape . he seem so determine that nobody should hear what he be say that he be barely open his lip ; it be as though he be a rather poor ventriloquist . Harry keep his eye on his ginger root , listen hard . " I will talk to you after my lesson , Karkaroff , " Snape mutter , but Karkaroff interrupt him . " I want to talk now , while you ca n't slip off , Severus . you have be avoid me . " " after the lesson , " Snape snap . under the pretext of hold up a measure cup to see if he have pour out enough armadillo bile , Harry sneak a sidelong glance at the pair of them . Karkaroff look extremely worry , and Snape look angry . Karkaroff hover behind Snape 's desk for the rest of the double period . he seem intent on prevent Snape from slip away at the end of class . keen to hear what Karkaroff want to say , Harry deliberately knock over his bottle of armadillo bile with two minute to go to the bell , which give him an excuse to duck down behind his cauldron and mop up while the rest of the class move noisily toward the door . " what be so urgent ? " he hear Snape hiss at Karkaroff . " this , " say Karkaroff , and Harry , peer around the edge of his cauldron , see Karkaroff pull up the left-hand sleeve of his robe and show Snape something on his inner forearm . " well ? " say Karkaroff , still make every effort not to move his lip . " do you see ? it have never be this clear , never since -- " " put it away ! " snarl Snape , his black eye sweep the classroom . " but you must have notice -- " Karkaroff begin in an agitate voice . " we can talk later , Karkaroff ! " spit Snape . " Potter ! what be you do ? " " clear up my armadillo bile , Professor , " say Harry innocently , straighten up and show Snape the sodden rag he be hold . Karkaroff turn on his heel and stride out of the dungeon . he look both worried and angry . not want to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape , Harry throw his book and ingredient back into his bag and leave at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what he have just witness . they leave the castle at noon the next day to find a weak silver sun shine down upon the ground . the weather be mild than it have be all year , and by the time they arrive in Hogsmeade , all three of them have take off their cloak and throw them over their shoulder . the food Sirius have tell them to bring be in Harry 's bag ; they have sneak a dozen chicken leg , a loaf of bread , and a flask of pumpkin juice from the lunch table . they go into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby , where they have fun select the most lurid sock they could find , include a pair pattern with flash gold and silver star , and another that scream loudly when they become too smelly . then , at half past one , they make their way up the High Street , past Dervish and Banges , and out toward the edge of the village . Harry have never be in this direction before . the wind lane be lead them out into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade . the cottage be few here , and their garden large ; they be walk toward the foot of the mountain in whose shadow Hogsmeade lie . then they turn a corner and see a stile at the end of the lane . wait for them , its front paw on the topmost bar , be a very large , shaggy black dog , which be carry some newspaper in its mouth and look very familiar ... " hello , Sirius , " say Harry when they have reach him . the black dog sniff Harry 's bag eagerly , wag its tail once , then turn and begin to trot away from them across the scrubby patch of ground that rise to meet the rocky foot of the mountain . Harry , Ron , and Hermione climb over the stile and follow . Sirius lead them to the very foot of the mountain , where the ground be cover with boulder and rock . it be easy for him , with his four paw , but Harry , Ron , and Hermione be soon out of breath . they follow Sirius higher , up onto the mountain itself . for nearly half an hour they climb a steep , wind , and stony path , follow Sirius 's wag tail , sweat in the sun , the shoulder strap of Harry 's bag cut into his shoulder . then , at last , Sirius slip out of sight , and when they reach the place where he have vanish , they see a narrow fissure in the rock . they squeeze into it and find themselves in a cool , dimly light cave . tether at the end of it , one end of his rope around a large rock , be Buckbeak the hippogriff . half gray horse , half giant eagle , Buckbeak 's fierce orange eye flash at the sight of them . all three of them bow low to him , and after regard them imperiously for a moment , Buckbeak bend his scaly front knee and allow Hermione to rush forward and stroke his feathery neck . Harry , however , be look at the black dog , which have just turn into his godfather . Sirius be wear ragged gray robe ; the same one he have be wear when he have leave Azkaban . his black hair be long than it have be when he have appear in the fire , and it be untidy and mat once more . he look very thin . " chicken ! " he say hoarsely after remove the old daily prophet from his mouth and throw them down onto the cave floor . Harry pull open his bag and hand over the bundle of chicken leg and bread . " thanks , " say Sirius , open it , grab a drumstick , sit down on the cave floor , and tear off a large chunk with his tooth . " I have be live off rat mostly . can n't steal too much food from Hogsmeade ; I will draw attention to myself . " he grin up at Harry , but Harry return the grin only reluctantly . " what be you do here , Sirius ? " he say . " fulfill my duty as godfather , " say Sirius , gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way . " do n't worry about it , I be pretend to be a lovable stray . " he be still grin , but see the anxiety in Harry 's face , say more seriously , " I want to be on the spot . your last letter ... well , let 's just say thing be get fishy . I have be steal the paper every time someone throw one out , and by the look of thing , I be not the only one who be get worry . " he nod at the yellow daily prophet on the cave floor , and Ron pick them up and unfold them . Harry , however , continue to stare at Sirius . " what if they catch you ? what if you be see ? " " you three and Dumbledore be the only one around here who know I be an Animagus , " say Sirius , shrug , and continue to devour the chicken leg . Ron nudge Harry and pass him the Daily Prophets . there be two : the first bore the headline Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch , the second , Ministry Witch Still Missing -- Minister of Magic now personally involved . Harry scan the story about Crouch . phrase jump out at him : have n't be see in public since November ... house appear desert ... St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries decline comment ... Ministry refuse to confirm rumor of critical illness ... " they be make it sound like he be die , " say Harry slowly . " but he ca n't be that ill if he manage to get up here ... " " my brother be Crouch 's personal assistant , " Ron inform Sirius . " he say Crouch be suffer from overwork . " " mind you , he do look ill , last time I see him up close , " say Harry slowly , still read the story . " the night my name come out of the goblet ... " " get his comeuppance for sack Winky , be n't he ? " say Hermione , an edge to her voice . she be stroke Buckbeak , who be crunch up Sirius 's chicken bone . " I bet he wish he have n't do it now -- bet he feel the difference now she be not there to look after him . " " Hermione be obsess with house-elfs , " Ron mutter to Sirius , cast Hermione a dark look . Sirius , however , look interested . " Crouch sack his house-elf ? " " yeah , at the Quidditch World Cup , " say Harry , and he launch into the story of the Dark Mark 's appearance , and Winky be find with Harry 's wand clutch in her hand , and Mr. Crouch 's fury . when Harry have finish , Sirius be on his foot again and have start pace up and down the cave . " let me get this straight , " he say after a while , brandish a fresh chicken leg . " you first see the elf in the top Box . she be save Crouch a seat , right ? " " right , " say Harry , Ron , and Hermione together . " but Crouch do n't turn up for the match ? " " no , " say Harry . " I think he say he have be too busy . " Sirius pace all around the cave in silence . then he say , " Harry , do you check your pocket for your wand after you have leave the top Box ? " " erm ... " Harry think hard . " no , " he say finally . " I do n't need to use it before we get in the forest . and then I put my hand in my pocket , and all that be in there be my Omnioculars . " he stare at Sirius . " be you say whoever conjure the Mark steal my wand in the top Box ? " " it be possible , " say Sirius . " Winky do n't steal that wand ! " Hermione insist . " the elf be n't the only one in that box , " say Sirius , his brow furrow as he continue to pace . " who else be sit behind you ? " " load of people , " say Harry . " some Bulgarian minister ... Cornelius Fudge ... the Malfoys ... " " the Malfoys ! " say Ron suddenly , so loudly that his voice echo all around the cave , and Buckbeak toss his head nervously . " I bet it be Lucius Malfoy ! " " anyone else ? " say Sirius . " no one , " say Harry . " yes , there be , there be Ludo Bagman , " Hermione remind him . " oh yeah ... " " I do n't know anything about Bagman except that he use to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps , " say Sirius , still pace . " what be he like ? " " he be okay , " say Harry . " he keep offer to help me with the Triwizard Tournament . " " do he , now ? " say Sirius , frown more deeply . " I wonder why he will do that ? " " say he have take a liking to me , " say Harry . " hmm , " say Sirius , look thoughtful . " we see him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appear , " Hermione tell Sirius . " remember ? " she say to Harry and Ron . " yeah , but he do n't stay in the forest , do he ? " say Ron . " the moment we tell him about the riot , he go off to the campsite . " " how d'you know ? " Hermione shoot back . " how d'you know where he Disapparated to ? " " come off it , " say Ron incredulously . " be you say you reckon Ludo Bagman conjure the Dark Mark ? " " it be more likely he do it than Winky , " say Hermione stubbornly . " tell you , " say Ron , look meaningfully at Sirius , " tell you she be obsess with house -- " but Sirius hold up a hand to silence Ron . " when the Dark Mark have be conjure , and the elf have be discover hold Harry 's wand , what do Crouch do ? " " go to look in the bush , " say Harry , " but there be n't anyone else there . " " of course , " Sirius mutter , pace up and down , " of course , he will want to pin it on anyone but his own elf ... and then he sack her ? " " yes , " say Hermione in a heated voice , " he sack her , just because she have n't stay in her tent and let herself get trample -- " " Hermione , will you give it a rest with the elf ! " say Ron . Sirius shake his head and say , " she be get the measure of Crouch well than you have , Ron . if you want to know what a man 's like , take a good look at how he treat his inferior , not his equal . " he run a hand over his unshaven face , evidently think hard . " all these absence of Barty Crouch 's ... he go to the trouble of make sure his house-elf save him a seat at the Quidditch World Cup , but do n't bother to turn up and watch . he work very hard to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament , and then stop come to that too ... it be not like Crouch . if he be ever take a day off work because of illness before this , I will eat Buckbeak . " " D'you know Crouch , then ? " say Harry . Sirius 's face darken . he suddenly look as menace as he have the night when Harry first meet him , the night when Harry still believe Sirius to be a murderer . " oh I know Crouch all right , " he say quietly . " he be the one who give the order for me to be send to Azkaban -- without a trial . " " what ? " say Ron and Hermione together . " you be kid ! " say Harry . " no , I be not , " say Sirius , take another great bite of chicken . " crouch use to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement , do n't you know ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione shake their head . " he be tip for the next Minister of Magic , " say Sirius . " he be a great wizard , Barty Crouch , powerfully magical -- and power-hungry . oh never a Voldemort supporter , " he say , read the look on Harry 's face . " no , Barty Crouch be always very outspoken against the dark side . but then a lot of people who be against the dark side ... well , you would n't understand ... you be too young ... " " that be what my dad say at the World Cup , " say Ron , with a trace of irritation in his voice . " try us , why do n't you ? " a grin flash across Sirius 's thin face . " all right , I will try you ... " he walk once up the cave , back again , and then say , " Imagine that Voldemort be powerful now . you do n't know who his supporter be , you do n't know who be work for him and who be n't ; you know he can control people so that they do terrible thing without be able to stop themselves . you be scare for yourself , and your family , and your friend . every week , news come of more death , more disappearance , more torture ... the Ministry of Magic 's in disarray , they do n't know what to do , they be try to keep everything hide from the Muggles , but meanwhile , Muggles be die too . terror everywhere ... panic ... confusion ... that be how it use to be . " well , time like that bring out the good in some people and the bad in other . Crouch 's principle might have be good in the beginning -- I would n't know . he rise quickly through the Ministry , and he start order very harsh measure against Voldemort 's supporter . the Aurors be give new power -- power to kill rather than capture , for instance . and I be n't the only one who be hand straight to the dementors without trial . crouch fight violence with violence , and authorize the use of the unforgivable curse against suspect . I would say he become as ruthless and cruel as many on the dark side . he have his supporter , mind you -- plenty of people think he be go about thing the right way , and there be a lot of witch and wizard clamor for him to take over as Minister of Magic . when Voldemort disappear , it look like only a matter of time until Crouch get the top job . but then something rather unfortunate happen ... " Sirius smile grimly . " Crouch 's own son be catch with a group of Death Eaters who have manage to talk their way out of Azkaban . apparently they be try to find Voldemort and return him to power . " " Crouch 's son be catch ? " gasp Hermione . " Yep , " say Sirius , throw his chicken bone to Buckbeak , fling himself back down on the ground beside the loaf of bread , and tear it in half . " nasty little shock for old Barty , I will imagine . should have spend a bit more time at home with his family , should n't he ? ought to have leave the office early once in a while ... get to know his own son . " he begin to wolf down large piece of bread . " be his son a Death Eater ? " say Harry . " no idea , " say Sirius , still stuff down bread . " I be in Azkaban myself when he be bring in . this be mostly stuff I have find out since I get out . the boy be definitely catch in the company of people I will bet my life be Death Eaters -- but he might have be in the wrong place at the wrong time , just like the house-elf . " " do Crouch try and get his son off ? " Hermione whisper . Sirius let out a laugh that be much more like a bark . " Crouch let his son off ? I think you have the measure of him , Hermione ! anything that threaten to tarnish his reputation have to go ; he have dedicate his whole life to become Minister of Magic . you see him dismiss a devoted house-elf because she associate him with the Dark Mark again -- do n't that tell you what he be like ? Crouch 's fatherly affection stretch just far enough to give his son a trial , and by all account , it be n't much more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hate the boy ... then he send him straight to Azkaban . " " he give his own son to the dementors ? " ask Harry quietly . " that be right , " say Sirius , and he do n't look remotely amuse now . " I see the dementors bring him in , watch them through the bar in my cell door . he ca n't have be more than nineteen . they take him into a cell near mine . he be scream for his mother by nightfall . he go quiet after a few day , though ... they all go quiet in the end ... except when they shriek in their sleep ... " for a moment , the deaden look in Sirius 's eye become more pronounce than ever , as though shutter have close behind them . " so he be still in Azkaban ? " Harry say . " no , " say Sirius dully . " no , he be not in there anymore . he die about a year after they bring him in . " " he die ? " " he be n't the only one , " say Sirius bitterly . " most go mad in there , and plenty stop eat in the end . they lose the will to live . you could always tell when a death be come , because the dementors could sense it , they get excited . that boy look pretty sickly when he arrive . crouch be an important Ministry member , he and his wife be allow a deathbed visit . that be the last time I see Barty Crouch , half carry his wife past my cell . she die herself , apparently , shortly afterward . grief . waste away just like the boy . Crouch never come for his son 's body . the dementors bury him outside the fortress ; I watch them do it . " Sirius throw aside the bread he have just lift to his mouth and instead pick up the flask of pumpkin juice and drain it . " so old Crouch lose it all , just when he think he have it make , " he continue , wipe his mouth with the back of his hand . " one moment , a hero , poise to become Minister of Magic ... next , his son dead , his wife dead , the family name dishonor , and , so I have hear since I escape , a big drop in popularity . once the boy have die , people start feel a bit more sympathetic toward the son and start ask how a nice young lad from a good family have go so badly astray . the conclusion be that his father never care much for him . so Cornelius Fudge get the top job , and Crouch be shunt sideways into the Department of International Magical Cooperation . " there be a long silence . Harry be think of the way Crouch 's eye have bulge as he have look down at his disobedient house-elf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup . this , then , must have be why Crouch have overreact to Winky be find beneath the Dark Mark . it have bring back memory of his son , and the old scandal , and his fall from grace at the Ministry . " Moody say Crouch be obsess with catch dark wizard , " Harry tell Sirius . " yeah , I have hear it have become a bit of a mania with him , " say Sirius , nod . " if you ask me , he still think he can bring back the old popularity by catch one more death eater . " " and he sneak up here to search Snape 's office ! " say Ron triumphantly , look at Hermione . " yes , and that do n't make sense at all , " say Sirius . " yeah , it do ! " say Ron excitedly , but Sirius shake his head . " listen , if Crouch want to investigate Snape , why have n't he be come to judge the tournament ? it would be an ideal excuse to make regular visit to Hogwarts and keep an eye on him . " " so you think Snape could be up to something , then ? " ask Harry , but Hermione break in . " look , I do n't care what you say , Dumbledore trust Snape -- " " oh give it a rest , Hermione , " say Ron impatiently . " I know Dumbledore 's brilliant and everything , but that do n't mean a really clever dark wizard could n't fool him -- " " why do Snape save Harry 's life in the first year , then ? why do n't he just let him die ? " " I dunno -- maybe he think Dumbledore would kick him out -- " " what d'you think , Sirius ? " Harry say loudly , and Ron and Hermione stop bicker to listen . " I think they have both get a point , " say Sirius , look thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione . " ever since I find out Snape be teach here , I have wonder why Dumbledore hire him . Snape have always be fascinate by the dark art , he be famous for it at school . slimy , oily , greasy-haired kid , he be , " Sirius add , and Harry and Ron grin at each other . " Snape know more curse when he arrive at school than half the kid in seventh year , and he be part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turn out to be Death Eaters . " Sirius hold up his finger and begin tick off name . " Rosier and Wilkes -- they be both kill by Aurors the year before Voldemort fall . the Lestranges -- they be a married couple -- they be in Azkaban . Avery -- from what I have hear he worm his way out of trouble by say he have be act under the Imperius Curse -- he be still at large . but as far as I know , Snape be never even accuse of be a Death Eater -- not that that mean much . plenty of them be never catch . and Snape 's certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble . " " Snape know Karkaroff pretty well , but he want to keep that quiet , " say Ron . " yeah , you should have see Snape 's face when Karkaroff turn up in potion yesterday ! " say Harry quickly . " Karkaroff want to talk to Snape , he say Snape have be avoid him . Karkaroff look really worry . he show Snape something on his arm , but I could n't see what it be . " " he show Snape something on his arm ? " say Sirius , look frankly bewilder . he run his finger distractedly through his filthy hair , then shrug again . " well , I have no idea what that be about ... but if Karkaroff 's genuinely worry , and he be go to Snape for answer ... " Sirius stare at the cave wall , then make a grimace of frustration . " there be still the fact that Dumbledore trust Snape , and I know Dumbledore trust where a lot of other people would n't , but I just ca n't see him let Snape teach at Hogwarts if he have ever work for Voldemort . " " why be Moody and Crouch so keen to get into Snape 's office then ? " say Ron stubbornly . " well , " say Sirius slowly , " I would n't put it past Mad-Eye to have search every single teacher 's office when he get to Hogwarts . he take his defense against the dark art seriously , Moody . I be not sure he trust anyone at all , and after the thing he be see , it be not surprising . I will say this for Moody , though , he never kill if he could help it . always bring people in alive where possible . he be tough , but he never descend to the level of the Death Eaters . crouch , though ... he be a different matter ... be he really ill ? if he be , why do he make the effort to drag himself up to Snape 's office ? and if he be not ... what be he up to ? what be he do at the World Cup that be so important he do n't turn up in the top Box ? what be he be do while he should have be judge the tournament ? " Sirius lapse into silence , still stare at the cave wall . Buckbeak be ferret around on the rocky floor , look for bone he might have overlook . finally , Sirius look up at Ron . " you say your brother be Crouch 's personal assistant ? any chance you could ask him if he have see Crouch lately ? " " I can try , " say Ron doubtfully . " well not make it sound like I reckon Crouch be up to anything dodgy , though . Percy love Crouch . " " and you might try and find out whether they have get any lead on Bertha Jorkins while you be at it , " say Sirius , gesture to the second copy of the Daily Prophet . " bagman tell me they have n't , " say Harry . " yes , he be quote in the article in there , " say Sirius , nod at the paper . " bluster on about how bad Bertha 's memory be . well , maybe she be change since I know her , but the Bertha I know be n't forgetful at all -- quite the reverse . she be a bit dim , but she have an excellent memory for gossip . it use to get her into a lot of trouble ; she never know when to keep her mouth shut . I can see her be a bit of a liability at the Ministry of Magic ... maybe that be why Bagman do n't bother to look for her for so long ... " Sirius heave an enormous sigh and rub his shadow eye . " what be the time ? " Harry check his watch , then remember it have n't be work since it have spend over an hour in the lake . " it be half past three , " say Hermione . " you will well get back to school , " Sirius say , get to his foot . " now listen ... " he look particularly hard at Harry . " I do n't want you lot sneak out of school to see me , all right ? just send note to me here . I still want to hear about anything odd . but you be not to go leave Hogwarts without permission ; it would be an ideal opportunity for someone to attack you . " " no one be try to attack me so far , except a dragon and a couple of grindylows , " Harry say , but Sirius scowl at him . " I do n't care ... I will breathe freely again when this tournament be over , and that be not until June . and do n't forget , if you be talk about me among yourselves , call me Snuffles , okay ? " he hand Harry the empty napkin and flask and go to pat Buckbeak good-bye . " I will walk to the edge of the village with you , " say Sirius , " see if I can scrounge another paper . " he transform into the great black dog before they leave the cave , and they walk back down the mountainside with him , across the boulder-strewn ground , and back to the stile . here he allow each of them to pat him on the head , before turn and set off at a run around the outskirt of the village . Harry , Ron , and Hermione make their way back into Hogsmeade and up toward Hogwarts . " wonder if Percy know all that stuff about Crouch ? " Ron say as they walk up the drive to the castle . " but maybe he do n't care ... it will probably just make him admire Crouch even more . yeah , Percy love rule . he will just say Crouch be refuse to break them for his own son . " " Percy would never throw any of his family to the dementors , " say Hermione severely . " I do n't know , " say Ron . " if he think we be stand in the way of his career ... Percy 's really ambitious , you know ... " they walk up the stone step into the entrance hall , where the delicious smell of dinner waft toward them from the Great Hall . " poor old snuffle , " say Ron , breathe deeply . " he must really like you , Harry ... Imagine have to live off rat . " Chapter @card@ the madness of Mr. Crouch Harry , Ron , and Hermione go up to the Owlery after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy , ask , as Sirius have suggest , whether he have see Mr. Crouch lately . they use Hedwig , because it have be so long since she have have a job . when they have watch her fly out of sight through the Owlery window , they proceed down to the kitchen to give Dobby his new sock . the house-elves give them a very cheery welcome , bow and curtsy and bustle around make tea again . dobby be ecstatic about his present . " Harry Potter be too good to Dobby ! " he squeak , wipe large tear out of his enormous eye . " you save my life with that gillyweed , Dobby , you really do , " say Harry . " no chance of more of those eclairs , be there ? " say Ron , who be look around at the beam and bow house-elves . " you have just have breakfast ! " say Hermione irritably , but a great silver platter of eclairs be already zoom toward them , support by four elf . " we should get some stuff to send up to Snuffles , " Harry mutter . " good idea , " say Ron . " give Pig something to do . you could n't give us a bit of extra food , could you ? " he say to the surround elf , and they bow delightedly and hurry off to get some more . " Dobby , where be Winky ? " say Hermione , who be look around . " Winky be over there by the fire , miss , " say Dobby quietly , his ear droop slightly . " oh dear , " say Hermione as she spot Winky . Harry look over at the fireplace too . Winky be sit on the same stool as last time , but she have allow herself to become so filthy that she be not immediately distinguishable from the smoke-blackened brick behind her . her clothes be ragged and unwashed . she be clutch a bottle of butterbeer and sway slightly on her stool , stare into the fire . as they watch her , she give an enormous hiccup . " Winky be get through six bottle a day now , " Dobby whisper to Harry . " well , it be not strong , that stuff , " Harry say . but Dobby shake his head . " ' Tis strong for a house-elf , sir , " he say . Winky hiccup again . the elf who have bring the eclairs give her disapprove look as they return to work . " Winky be pine , Harry Potter , " Dobby whisper sadly . " Winky want to go home . Winky still think Mr. Crouch be her master , sir , and nothing Dobby say will persuade her that Professor Dumbledore be her master now . " " hey , Winky , " say Harry , strike by a sudden inspiration , walk over to her , and bend down , " you do n't know what Mr. Crouch might be up to , do you ? because he have stop turn up to judge the Triwizard Tournament . " Winky 's eye flicker . her enormous pupil focus on Harry . she sway slightly again and then say , " M -- Master be stop -- hic -- come ? " " yeah , " say Harry , " we have n't see him since the first task . the Daily Prophet be say he be ill . " Winky sway some more , stare blurrily at Harry . " master -- hic -- ill ? " her bottom lip begin to tremble . " but we be not sure if that be true , " say Hermione quickly . " master be need his -- hic -- Winky ! " whimper the elf . " master can -- hic -- manage -- hic -- all by himself ... " " other people manage to do their own housework , you know , Winky , " Hermione say severely . " Winky -- hic -- be not only -- hic -- do housework for Mr. Crouch ! " Winky squeak indignantly , sway bad than ever and slop butterbeer down her already heavily stain blouse . " master be -- hic -- trust Winky with -- hic -- the most important -- hic -- the most secret -- " " what ? " say Harry . but Winky shake her head very hard , spill more butterbeer down herself . " Winky keep -- hic -- her master 's secret , " she say mutinously , sway very heavily now , frown up at Harry with her eye cross . " you be -- hic - nose , you be . " " Winky must not talk like that to Harry Potter ! " say Dobby angrily . " Harry Potter be brave and noble and Harry Potter be not nosy ! " he be nose -- hic -- into my master be -- hic -- private and secret -- hic -- Winky be a good house-elf -- hic -- Winky keep her silence -- hic -- people try to -- hic -- pry and poke -- hic -- " Winky 's eyelid droop and suddenly , without warning , she slide off her stool into the hearth , snore loudly . the empty bottle of butterbeer roll away across the stone-flagged floor . half a dozen house-elves come hurry forward , look disgust . one of them pick up the bottle ; the other cover Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tuck the end in neatly , hide her from view . " we be sorry you have to see that , sir and miss ! " squeak a nearby elf , shake his head and look very ashamed . " we be hope you will not judge us all by Winky , sir and miss ! " " she be unhappy ! " say Hermione , exasperate . " why do n't you try and cheer her up instead of cover her up ? " " beg your pardon , miss , " say the house-elf , bow deeply again , " but house-elves have no right to be unhappy when there be work to be do and master to be serve . " " oh for heaven 's sake ! " Hermione cry . " listen to me , all of you ! you have get just as much right as wizard to be unhappy ! you have get the right to wage and holiday and proper clothes , you do n't have to do everything you be tell -- look at Dobby ! " " Miss will please keep Dobby out of this , " Dobby mumble , look scare . the cheery smile have vanish from the face of the house-elves around the kitchen . they be suddenly look at Hermione as though she be mad and dangerous . " we have your extra food ! " squeak an elf at Harry 's elbow , and he shove a large ham , a dozen cake , and some fruit into Harry 's arm . " Good-bye ! " the house-elves crowd around Harry , Ron , and Hermione and begin shunt them out of the kitchen , many little hand push in the small of their back . " thank you for the sock , Harry Potter ! " Dobby call miserably from the hearth , where he be stand next to the lumpy tablecloth that be Winky . " you could n't keep your mouth shut , could you , Hermione ? " say Ron angrily as the kitchen door slam shut behind them . " they wo n't want us visit them now ! we could have try to get more stuff out of Winky about Crouch ! " " oh as if you care about that ! " scoff Hermione . " you only like come down here for the food ! " it be an irritable sort of day after that . Harry get so tired of Ron and Hermione sniping at each other over their homework in the common room that he take Sirius 's food up to the Owlery that evening on his own . Pigwidgeon be much too small to carry an entire ham up to the mountain by himself , so Harry enlist the help of two school screech owl as well . when they have set off into the dusk , look extremely odd carry the large package between them , Harry lean on the windowsill , look out at the ground , at the dark , rustle treetop of the Forbidden Forest , and the ripple sail of the Durmstrang ship . an eagle owl fly through the coil of smoke rise from Hagrid 's chimney ; it soar toward the castle , around the Owlery , and out of sight . look down , Harry see Hagrid dig energetically in front of his cabin . Harry wonder what he be do ; it look as though he be make a new vegetable patch . as he watch , Madame Maxime emerge from the Beauxbatons carriage and walk over to Hagrid . she appear to be try to engage him in conversation . Hagrid lean upon his spade , but do not seem keen to prolong their talk , because Madame Maxime return to the carriage shortly afterward . unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione snarl at each other , Harry watch Hagrid digging until the darkness swallow him and the owl around Harry begin to awake , swoosh past him into the night . by breakfast the next day Ron 's and Hermione 's bad mood have burn out , and to Harry 's relief , Ron 's dark prediction that the house-elves would send substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione have insult them prove false ; the bacon , egg , and kipper be quite as good as usual . when the post owl arrive , Hermione look up eagerly ; she seem to be expect something . " Percy wo n't have have time to answer yet , " say Ron . " we only send Hedwig yesterday . " " no , it be not that , " say Hermione . " I have take out a subscription to the Daily Prophet . I be get sick of find everything out from the Slytherins . " " good thinking ! " say Harry , also look up at the owl . " hey , Hermione , I think you be in luck -- " a gray owl be soar down toward Hermione . " it have n't get a newspaper , though , " she say , look disappoint . " it be -- " but to her bewilderment , the gray owl land in front of her plate , closely follow by four barn owl , a brown owl , and a tawny . " how many subscription do you take out ? " say Harry , seize Hermione 's goblet before it be knock over by the cluster of owl , all of whom be jostle close to her , try to deliver their own letter first . " what on earth -- ? " Hermione say , take the letter from the gray owl , open it , and start to read . " oh really ! " she sputter , go rather red . " what be up ? " say Ron . " it be -- oh how ridiculous -- " she thrust the letter at Harry , who see that it be not handwritten , but compose from paste letter that seem to have be cut out of the Daily Prophet . you be a wicked girl . harry Potter desErves BeTteR . go back wherE you cAMe from mUGgle . " they be all like it ! " say Hermione desperately , open one letter after another . " ' Harry Potter can do much good than the like of you ... ' ' you deserve to be boil in frog spawn ... ' Ouch ! " she have open the last envelope , and yellowish-green liquid smell strongly of petrol gush over her hand , which begin to erupt in large yellow boil . " undiluted bubotuber pus ! " say Ron , pick up the envelope gingerly and sniff it . " Ow ! " say Hermione , tear start in her eye as she try to rub the pus off her hand with a napkin , but her finger be now so thickly cover in painful sore that it look as though she be wear a pair of thick , knobbly glove . " you will well get up to the hospital wing , " say Harry as the owl around Hermione take flight . " we will tell Professor Sprout where you have go ... " " I warn her ! " say Ron as Hermione hurry out of the Great Hall , cradle her hand . " I warn her not to annoy Rita Skeeter ! look at this one ... " he read out one of the letter Hermione have leave behind : " ' I read in Witch Weekly about how you be play Harry Potter false and that boy have have enough hardship and I will be send you a curse by next post as soon as I can find a big enough envelope . ' Blimey , she will well watch out for herself . " Hermione do n't turn up for Herbology . as Harry and Ron leave the greenhouse for their Care of Magical Creatures class , they see Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle descend the stone step of the castle . Pansy Parkinson be whisper and giggle behind them with her gang of Slytherin girl . catch sight of Harry , Pansy call , " Potter , have you split up with your girlfriend ? why be she so upset at breakfast ? " Harry ignore her ; he do n't want to give her the satisfaction of know how much trouble the Witch Weekly article have cause . Hagrid , who have tell them last lesson that they have finish with unicorn , be wait for them outside his cabin with a fresh supply of open crate at his foot . Harry 's heart sink at the sight of the crate -- surely not another skrewt hatch ? -- but when he get near enough to see inside , he find himself look at a number of fluffy black creature with long snout . their front paw be curiously flat , like spade , and they be blink up at the class , look politely puzzle at all the attention . " these be nifflers , " say Hagrid , when the class have gather around . " Yeh find ' em down mine mostly . they like sparkly stuff ... there yeh go , look . " one of the nifflers have suddenly leap up and attempt to bite Pansy Parkinson 's watch off her wrist . she shriek and jump backward . " useful little treasure detector , " say Hagrid happily . " think we will have some fun with ' em today . see over there ? " he point at the large patch of freshly turn earth Harry have watch him digging from the Owlery window . " I have bury some gold coin . I have get a prize fer whoever pick the niffler that dig up most . jus ' take off all yer valuable , an ' choose a niffler , an ' get ready ter set ' em loose . " Harry take off his watch , which he be only wear out of habit , as it do n't work anymore , and stuff it into his pocket . then he pick up a niffler . it put its long snout in Harry 's ear and sniff enthusiastically . it be really quite cuddly . " hang on , " say Hagrid , look down into the crate , " there be a spare niffler here ... who be missin ' ? where be Hermione ? " " she have to go to the hospital wing , " say Ron . " we will explain later , " Harry mutter ; Pansy Parkinson be listen . it be easily the most fun they have ever have in Care of Magical Creatures . the nifflers dive in and out of the patch of earth as though it be water , each scurry back to the student who have release it and spit gold into their hand . Ron 's be particularly efficient ; it have soon fill his lap with coin . " can you buy these as pet , Hagrid ? " he ask excitedly as his niffler dive back into the soil , splatter his robe . " Yer mum wouldn ' be happy , Ron , " say Hagrid , grin . " they wreck house , nifflers . I reckon they have nearly get the lot , now , " he add , pace around the patch of earth while the nifflers continue to dive . " I on'y bury a hundred coin . oh there y'are , Hermione ! " Hermione be walk toward them across the lawn . her hand be very heavily bandage and she look miserable . Pansy Parkinson be watch her beadily . " well , let 's check how yeh have do ! " say Hagrid . " count yer coin ! an ' there be no point tryin ' ter steal any , Goyle , " he add , his beetle-black eye narrow . " it be leprechaun gold . vanish after a few hour . " Goyle empty his pocket , look extremely sulky . it turn out that Ron 's niffler have be most successful , so Hagrid give him an enormous slab of Honeydukes chocolate for a prize . the bell ring across the ground for lunch ; the rest of the class set off back to the castle , but Harry , Ron , and Hermione stay behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in their box . Harry notice Madame Maxime watch them out of her carriage window . " what yeh do ter your hand , Hermione ? " say Hagrid , look concern . Hermione tell him about the hate mail she have receive that morning , and the envelope full of bubotuber pus . " aaah , don ' worry , " say Hagrid gently , look down at her . " I get some o ' those letter an ' all , after Rita Skeeter write abou ' me mum . ' Yeh be a monster an ' yeh should be put down . ' ' Yer mother kill innocent people an ' if you have any decency you will jump in a lake . ' " " no ! " say Hermione , look shock . " yeah , " say Hagrid , heave the niffler crate over by his cabin wall . " they be jus ' nutter , Hermione . Don ' open ' em if yeh get any more . Chuck ' em straigh ' in the fire . " " you miss a really good lesson , " Harry tell Hermione as they head back toward the castle . " they be good , nifflers , be n't they , Ron ? " Ron , however , be frown at the chocolate Hagrid have give him . he look thoroughly put out about something . " what be the matter ? " say Harry . " wrong flavor ? " " no , " say Ron shortly . " why do n't you tell me about the gold ? " " what gold ? " say Harry . " the gold I give you at the Quidditch World Cup , " say Ron . " the leprechaun gold I give you for my Omnioculars . in the top Box . why do n't you tell me it disappear ? " Harry have to think for a moment before he realize what Ron be talk about . " oh ... " he say , the memory come back to him at last . " I dunno ... I never notice it have go . I be more worry about my wand , be n't I ? " they climb the step into the entrance hall and go into the Great Hall for lunch . " must be nice , " Ron say abruptly , when they have sit down and start serve themselves roast beef and Yorkshire pudding . " to have so much money you do n't notice if a pocketful of Galleons go miss . " " listen , I have other stuff on my mind that night ! " say Harry impatiently . " we all do , remember ? " " I do n't know leprechaun gold vanish , " Ron mutter . " I think I be pay you back . you should n't have give me that Chudley Cannon hat for Christmas . " " forget it , all right ? " say Harry . Ron spear a roast potato on the end of his fork , glare at it . then he say , " I hate be poor . " Harry and Hermione look at each other . neither of them really know what to say . " it be rubbish , " say Ron , still glare down at his potato . " I do n't blame Fred and George for try to make some extra money . wish I could . wish I have a niffler . " " well , we know what to get you next Christmas , " say Hermione brightly . then , when Ron continue to look gloomy , she say , " come on , Ron , it could be bad . at least your finger be n't full of pus . " Hermione be have a lot of difficulty manage her knife and fork , her finger be so stiff and swollen . " I hate that Skeeter woman ! " she burst out savagely . " I will get her back for this if it be the last thing I do ! " hate mail continue to arrive for Hermione over the follow week , and although she follow Hagrid 's advice and stop open it , several of her ill-wishers send Howlers , which explode at the Gryffindor table and shriek insult at her for the whole Hall to hear . even those people who do n't read Witch Weekly know all about the supposed Harry-Krum-Hermione triangle now . Harry be get sick of tell people that Hermione be n't his girlfriend . " it will die down , though , " he tell Hermione , " if we just ignore it ... people get bore with that stuff she write about me last time -- " " I want to know how she be listen into private conversation when she be suppose to be ban from the ground ! " say Hermione angrily . Hermione hang back in their next defense against the Dark Art lesson to ask Professor Moody something . the rest of the class be very eager to leave ; Moody have give them such a rigorous test of hex-deflection that many of them be nurse small injury . Harry have such a bad case of Twitchy Ears , he have to hold his hand clamp over them as he walk away from the class . " well , Rita be definitely not use an Invisibility Cloak ! " Hermione pant five minute later , catch up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pull Harry 's hand away from one of his wiggle ear so that he could hear her . " Moody say he do n't see her anywhere near the judge ' table at the second task , or anywhere near the lake ! " " Hermione , be there any point in tell you to drop this ? " say Ron . " no ! " say Hermione stubbornly . " I want to know how she hear me talk to Viktor ! and how she find out about Hagrid 's mum ! " " maybe she have you bug , " say Harry . " bug ? " say Ron blankly . " what ... put flea on her or something ? " Harry start explain about hidden microphone and recording equipment . Ron be fascinate , but Hermione interrupt them . " be n't you two ever go to read Hogwarts , a history ? " " what be the point ? " say Ron . " you know it by heart , we can just ask you . " " all those substitute for magic Muggles use -- electricity , computer , and radar , and all those thing -- they all go haywire around Hogwarts , there be too much magic in the air . no , Rita 's use magic to eavesdrop , she must be ... if I could just find out what it be ... ooh , if it be illegal , I will have her ... " " have n't we get enough to worry about ? " Ron ask her . " do we have to start a vendetta against Rita Skeeter as well ? " " I be not ask you to help ! " Hermione snap . " I will do it on my own ! " she march back up the marble staircase without a backward glance . Harry be quite sure she be go to the library . " what be the betting she come back with a box of I Hate Rita Skeeter badge ? " say Ron . Hermione , however , do not ask Harry and Ron to help her pursue vengeance against Rita Skeeter , for which they be both grateful , because their workload be mount ever high in the day before the Easter holiday . Harry frankly marvel at the fact that Hermione could research magical method of eavesdrop as well as everything else they have to do . he be work flat-out just to get through all their homework , though he make a point of send regular food package up to the cave in the mountain for Sirius ; after last summer , Harry have not forget what it feel like to be continually hungry . he enclose note to Sirius , tell him that nothing out of the ordinary have happen , and that they be still wait for an answer from Percy . Hedwig do n't return until the end of the Easter holiday . Percy 's letter be enclose in a package of Easter egg that Mrs. Weasley have send . both Harry 's and Ron 's be the size of dragon egg and full of homemade toffee . Hermione 's , however , be small than a chicken egg . her face fall when she see it . " your mum do n't read Witch Weekly , by any chance , do she , Ron ? " she ask quietly . " yeah , " say Ron , whose mouth be full of toffee . " get it for the recipe . " Hermione look sadly at her tiny egg . " do n't you want to see what Percy be write ? " Harry ask her hastily . Percy 's letter be short and irritated . as I be constantly tell the Daily Prophet , Mr. Crouch be take a well-deserved break . he be send in regular owl with instruction . no , I have n't actually see him , but I think I can be trust to know my own superior 's handwriting . I have quite enough to do at the moment without try to quash these ridiculous rumor . please do n't bother me again unless it be something important . Happy Easter . the start of the summer term would normally have mean that Harry be train hard for the last Quidditch match of the season . this year , however , it be the third and final task in the Triwizard Tournament for which he need to prepare , but he still do n't know what he would have to do . finally , in the last week of May , Professor McGonagall hold him back in Transfiguration . " you be to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at nine o'clock , Potter , " she tell him . " Mr. Bagman will be there to tell the champion about the third task . " so at half past eight that night , Harry leave Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and go downstairs . as he cross the entrance hall , Cedric come up from the Hufflepuff common room . " what d'you reckon it be go to be ? " he ask Harry as they go together down the stone step , out into the cloudy night . " Fleur keep go on about underground tunnel ; she reckon we have get to find treasure . " " that would n't be too bad , " say Harry , think that he would simply ask Hagrid for a nifty to do the job for him . they walk down the dark lawn to the Quidditch stadium , turn through a gap in the stand , and walk out onto the field . " what have they do to it ? " Cedric say indignantly , stop dead . the Quidditch field be no longer smooth and flat . it look as though somebody have be build long , low wall all over it that twist and crisscross in every direction . " they be hedge ! " say Harry , bend to examine the near one . " hello there ! " call a cheery voice . ludo Bagman be stand in the middle of the field with Krum and Fleur . Harry and Cedric make their way toward them , climb over the hedge . Fleur beam at Harry as he come near . her attitude toward him have change completely since he have save her sister from the lake . " well , what d'you think ? " say Bagman happily as Harry and Cedric climb over the last hedge . " grow nicely , be n't they ? give them a month and Hagrid will have them twenty foot high . do n't worry , " he add , grin , spot the less-than-happy expression on Harry 's and Cedric 's face , " you will have your Quidditch field back to normal once the task be over ! now , I imagine you can guess what we be make here ? " no one speak for a moment . then - " Maze , " grunt Krum . " that be right ! " say Bagman . " a maze . the third task be really very straightforward . the Triwizard Cup will be place in the center of the maze . the first champion to touch it will receive full mark . " " we seemply ' ave to get through the maze ? " say Fleur . " there will be obstacle , " say Bagman happily , bounce on the ball of his foot . " Hagrid be provide a number of creature ... then there will be spell that must be break ... all that sort of thing , you know . now , the champion who be lead on point will get a head start into the maze . " bagman grin at Harry and Cedric . " then Mr. Krum will enter ... then Miss Delacour . but you will all be in with a fight chance , depend how well you get past the obstacle . should be fun , eh ? " Harry , who know only too well the kind of creature that Hagrid be likely to provide for an event like this , think it be unlikely to be any fun at all . however , he nod politely like the other champion . " very well ... if you have n't get any question , we will go back up to the castle , shall we , it be a bit chilly ... " Bagman hurry alongside Harry as they begin to wend their way out of the grow maze . Harry have the feeling that Bagman be go to start offering to help him again , but just then , Krum tap Harry on the shoulder . " could I haff a vord ? " " yeah , all right , " say Harry , slightly surprise . " Vill you valk vith me ? " " okay , " say Harry curiously . bagman look slightly perturb . " I will wait for you , Harry , shall I ? " " no , it be okay , Mr. Bagman , " say Harry , suppress a smile , " I think I can find the castle on my own , thanks . " Harry and Krum leave the stadium together , but Krum do not set a course for the Durmstrang ship . instead , he walk toward the forest . " what be we go this way for ? " say Harry as they pass Hagrid 's cabin and the illuminate Beauxbatons carriage . " do n't vant to be overhear , " say Krum shortly . when at last they have reach a quiet stretch of ground a short way from the Beauxbatons horse ' paddock , Krum stop in the shade of the tree and turn to face Harry . " I vant to know , " he say , glower , " vot there be between you and Hermy-own-ninny . " Harry , who from Krum 's secretive manner have expect something much more serious than this , stare up at Krum in amazement . " nothing , " he say . but Krum glower at him , and Harry , somehow strike anew by how tall Krum be , elaborate . " we be friend . she be not my girlfriend and she never have be . it be just that Skeeter woman make thing up . " " Hermy-own-ninny talk about you very often , " say Krum , look suspiciously at Harry . " yeah , " say Harry , " because we be friend . " he could n't quite believe he be have this conversation with Viktor Krum , the famous International Quidditch player . it be as though the eighteen-year-old Krum think he , Harry , be an equal -- a real rival - " you haff never ... you haff not ... " " no , " say Harry very firmly . Krum look slightly happy . he stare at Harry for a few second , then say , " you fly very vell . I vos votching at the first task . " " thanks , " say Harry , grin broadly and suddenly feel much tall himself . " I see you at the Quidditch World Cup . the Wronski Feint , you really -- " but something move behind Krum in the tree , and Harry , who have some experience of the sort of thing that lurk in the forest , instinctively grab Krum 's arm and pull him around . " Vot be it ? " Harry shake his head , stare at the place where he have see movement . he slip his hand inside his robe , reach for his wand . suddenly a man stagger out from behind a tall oak . for a moment , Harry do n't recognize him ... then he realize it be Mr. Crouch . he look as though he have be travel for day . the knee of his robe be rip and bloody , his face scratch ; he be unshaven and gray with exhaustion . his neat hair and mustache be both in need of a wash and a trim . his strange appearance , however , be nothing to the way he be behave . mutter and gesticulate , Mr. Crouch appear to be talk to someone that he alone could see . he remind Harry vividly of an old tramp he have see once when out shopping with the Dursley . that man too have be converse wildly with thin air ; Aunt Petunia have seize Dudley 's hand and pull him across the road to avoid him ; Uncle Vernon have then treat the family to a long rant about what he would like to do with beggar and vagrant . " Vos n't he a judge ? " say Krum , stare at Mr. Crouch . " be n't he vith your Ministry ? " Harry nod , hesitate for a moment , then walk slowly toward Mr. Crouch , who do not look at him , but continue to talk to a nearby tree . " ... and when you have do that , Weatherby , send an owl to Dumbledore confirm the number of Durmstrang student who will be attend the tournament , Karkaroff have just send word there will be twelve ... " " Mr. Crouch ? " say Harry cautiously . " ... and then send another owl to Madame Maxime , because she might want to up the number of student she be bring , now Karkaroff 's make it a round dozen ... do that , Weatherby , will you ? will you ? will ... " Mr. Crouch 's eye be bulge . he stand stare at the tree , mutter soundlessly at it . then he stagger sideways and fall to his knee . " Mr. Crouch ? " Harry say loudly . " be you all right ? " Crouch 's eye be roll in his head . Harry look around at Krum , who have follow him into the tree , and be look down at Crouch in alarm . " Vot be wrong with him ? " " no idea , " Harry mutter . " listen , you will well go and get someone -- " " Dumbledore ! " gasp Mr. Crouch . he reach out and seize a handful of Harry 's robe , drag him closer , though his eye be stare over Harry 's head . " I need ... see ... Dumbledore ... " " Okay , " say Harry , " if you get up , Mr. Crouch , we can go up to the -- " " I have do ... stupid ... thing ... " Mr. Crouch breathe . he look utterly mad . his eye be roll and bulge , and a trickle of spittle be slide down his chin . every word he speak seem to cost him a terrible effort . " must ... tell ... Dumbledore ... " " get up , Mr. Crouch , " say Harry loudly and clearly . " get up , I will take you to Dumbledore ! " Mr. Crouch 's eye roll forward onto Harry . " who ... you ? " he whisper . " I be a student at the school , " say Harry , look around at Krum for some help , but Krum be hang back , look extremely nervous . " you be not ... his ? " whisper Crouch , his mouth sagging . " no , " say Harry , without the faint idea what Crouch be talk about . " Dumbledore 's ? " " that be right , " say Harry . crouch be pull him closer ; Harry try to loosen Crouch 's grip on his robe , but it be too powerful . " warn ... Dumbledore ... " " I will get Dumbledore if you let go of me , " say Harry . " just let go , Mr. Crouch , and I will get him ... " " thank you , Weatherby , and when you have do that , I would like a cup of tea . my wife and son will be arrive shortly , we be attend a concert tonight with Mr. and Mrs. Fudge . " crouch be now talk fluently to a tree again , and seem completely unaware that Harry be there , which surprise Harry so much he do n't notice that Crouch have release him . " yes , my son have recently gain twelve O.W.L.s , most satisfactory , yes , thank you , yes , very proud indeed . now , if you could bring me that memo from the Andorran Minister of Magic , I think I will have time to draft a response ... " " you stay here with him ! " Harry say to Krum . " I will get Dumbledore , I will be quick , I know where his office be -- " " he be mad , " say Krum doubtfully , stare down at Crouch , who be still gabble to the tree , apparently convince it be Percy . " just stay with him , " say Harry , start to get up , but his movement seem to trigger another abrupt change in Mr. Crouch , who seize him hard around the knee and pull Harry back to the ground . " do n't ... leave ... me ! " he whisper , his eye bulge again . " I ... escape ... must warn ... must tell ... see Dumbledore ... my fault ... all my fault ... Bertha ... dead ... all my fault ... my son ... my fault ... tell Dumbledore ... Harry Potter ... the Dark Lord ... strong ... Harry Potter ... " " I will get Dumbledore if you let me go , Mr. Crouch ! " say Harry . he look furiously around at Krum . " help me , will you ? " look extremely apprehensive , Krum move forward and squat down next to Mr. Crouch . " just keep him here , " say Harry , pull himself free of Mr. Crouch . " I will be back with Dumbledore . " " hurry , vo n't you ? " Krum call after him as Harry sprint away from the forest and up through the dark ground . they be desert ; Bagman , Cedric , and Fleur have disappear . Harry tear up the stone step , through the oak front door , and off up the marble staircase , toward the second floor . five minute later he be hurtle toward a stone gargoyle stand halfway along an empty corridor . " Sher -- sherbet lemon ! " he pant at it . this be the password to the hidden staircase to Dumbledore 's office -- or at least , it have be two year ago . the password have evidently change , however , for the stone gargoyle do not spring to life and jump aside , but stand frozen , glaring at Harry malevolently . " move ! " Harry shout at it . " C'mon ! " but nothing at Hogwarts have ever move just because he shout at it ; he know it be no good . he look up and down the dark corridor . perhaps Dumbledore be in the staffroom ? he start run as fast as he could toward the staircase - " Potter ! " Harry skid to a halt and look around . Snape have just emerge from the hidden staircase behind the stone gargoyle . the wall be slide shut behind him even as he beckon Harry back toward him . " what be you do here , Potter ? " " I need to see Professor Dumbledore ! " say Harry , run back up the corridor and skid to a standstill in front of Snape instead . " it be Mr. Crouch ... he be just turn up ... he be in the forest ... he be ask -- " " what be this rubbish ? " say Snape , his black eye glitter . " what be you talk about ? " " Mr. Crouch ! " Harry shout . " from the Ministry ! he be ill or something -- he be in the forest , he want to see Dumbledore ! just give me the password up to -- " " the headmaster be busy , Potter , " say Snape , his thin mouth curling into an unpleasant smile . " I have get to tell Dumbledore ! " Harry yell . " do n't you hear me , Potter ? " Harry could tell Snape be thoroughly enjoy himself , deny Harry the thing he want when he be so panicky . " look , " say Harry angrily , " Crouch be n't right -- he be -- he be out of his mind -- he say he want to warn -- " the stone wall behind Snape slide open . Dumbledore be stand there , wear long green robe and a mildly curious expression . " be there a problem ? " he say , look between Harry and Snape . " professor ! " Harry say , sidestep Snape before Snape could speak , " Mr. Crouch be here -- he be down in the forest , he want to speak to you ! " Harry expect Dumbledore to ask question , but to his relief , Dumbledore do nothing of the sort . " lead the way , " he say promptly , and he sweep off along the corridor behind Harry , leave Snape standing next to the gargoyle and look twice as ugly . " what do Mr. Crouch say , Harry ? " say Dumbledore as they walk swiftly down the marble staircase . " say he want to warn you ... say he have do something terrible ... he mention his son ... and Bertha Jorkins ... and -- and Voldemort ... something about Voldemort get strong ... " " indeed , " say Dumbledore , and he quicken his pace as they hurry out into the pitch-darkness . " he be not act normally , " Harry say , hurry along beside Dumbledore . " he do n't seem to know where he be . he keep talk like he think Percy Weasley 's there , and then he change , and say he need to see you ... I leave him with Viktor Krum . " " you do ? " say Dumbledore sharply , and he begin to take long stride still , so that Harry be run to keep up . " do you know if anybody else see Mr. Crouch ? " " no , " say Harry . " Krum and I be talk , Mr. Bagman have just finish tell us about the third task , we stay behind , and then we see Mr. Crouch come out of the forest -- " " where be they ? " say Dumbledore as the Beauxbatons carriage emerge from the darkness . " over here , " say Harry , move in front of Dumbledore , lead the way through the tree . he could n't hear Crouch 's voice anymore , but he know where he be go ; it have n't be much past the Beauxbatons carriage ... somewhere around here ... " Viktor ? " Harry shout . no one answer . " they be here , " Harry say to Dumbledore . " they be definitely somewhere around here ... " " Lumos , " Dumbledore say , light his wand and hold it up . its narrow beam travel from black trunk to black trunk , illuminate the ground . and then it fall upon a pair of foot . Harry and Dumbledore hurry forward . Krum be sprawl on the forest floor . he seem to be unconscious . there be no sign at all of Mr. Crouch . Dumbledore bend over Krum and gently lift one of his eyelid . " stun , " he say softly . his half-moon glass glitter in the wandlight as he peer around at the surround tree . " should I go and get someone ? " say Harry . " madam Pomfrey ? " " no , " say Dumbledore swiftly . " stay here . " he raise his wand into the air and point it in the direction of Hagrid 's cabin . Harry see something silvery dart out of it and streak away through the tree like a ghostly bird . then Dumbledore bent over Krum again , point his wand at him , and mutter , " Rennervate . " Krum open his eye . he look daze . when he see Dumbledore , he try to sit up , but Dumbledore put a hand on his shoulder and make him lie still . " he attack me ! " Krum mutter , put a hand up to his head . " the old madman attack me ! I vos look around to see vare Potter have go and he attack from behind ! " " lie still for a moment , " Dumbledore say . the sound of thunderous footfall reach them , and Hagrid come pant into sight with Fang at his heel . he be carry his crossbow . " Professor Dumbledore ! " he say , his eye widening . " Harry -- what the -- ? " " Hagrid , I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff , " say Dumbledore . " his student have be attack . when you have do that , kindly alert Professor Moody -- " " no need , Dumbledore , " say a wheezy growl . " I be here . " Moody be limp toward them , lean on his staff , his wand light . " damn leg , " he say furiously . " would have be here quick ... what be happen ? Snape say something about Crouch -- " " Crouch ? " say Hagrid blankly . " Karkaroff , please , Hagrid ! " say Dumbledore sharply . " oh yeah ... right y'are , Professor ... " say Hagrid , and he turn and disappear into the dark tree , Fang trot after him . " I do n't know where Barty Crouch be , " Dumbledore tell moody , " but it be essential that we find him . " " I be onto it , " growl Moody , and he pull out his wand and limp off into the forest . neither Dumbledore nor Harry speak again until they hear the unmistakable sound of Hagrid and Fang return . Karkaroff be hurry along behind them . he be wear his sleek silver fur , and he look pale and agitate . " what be this ? " he cry when he see Krum on the ground and Dumbledore and Harry beside him . " what be go on ? " " I vos attack ! " say Krum , sit up now and rub his head . " Mr. Crouch or votever his name -- " " Crouch attack you ? Crouch attack you ? the Triwizard judge ? " " Igor , " Dumbledore begin , but Karkaroff have draw himself up , clutch his fur around him , look livid . " treachery ! " he bellow , point at Dumbledore . " it be a plot ! you and your Ministry of Magic have lure me here under false pretense , Dumbledore ! this be not an equal competition ! first you sneak Potter into the tournament , though he be underage ! now one of your Ministry friend attempt to put my champion out of action ! I smell double-dealing and corruption in this whole affair , and you , Dumbledore , you , with your talk of close international wizarding link , of rebuild old tie , of forget old difference -- here be what I think of you ! " Karkaroff spit onto the ground at Dumbledore 's foot . in one swift movement , Hagrid seize the front of Karkaroff 's fur , lift him into the air , and slam him against a nearby tree . " apologize ! " Hagrid snarl as Karkaroff gasp for breath , Hagrid 's massive fist at his throat , his foot dangle in midair . " Hagrid , no ! " Dumbledore shout , his eye flash . Hagrid remove the hand pin Karkaroff to the tree , and Karkaroff slide all the way down the trunk and slump in a huddle at its root ; a few twig and leaf shower down upon his head . " kindly escort Harry back up to the castle , Hagrid , " say Dumbledore sharply . breathe heavily , Hagrid give Karkaroff a glower look . " maybe I will well stay here , Headmaster ... " " you will take Harry back to school , Hagrid , " Dumbledore repeat firmly . " take him right up to Gryffindor Tower . and Harry -- I want you to stay there . anything you might want to do -- any owl you might want to send -- they can wait until morning , do you understand me ? " " er -- yes , " say Harry , stare at him . how have Dumbledore know that , at that very moment , he have be think about send Pigwidgeon straight to Sirius , to tell him what have happen ? " I will leave Fang with Yeh , Headmaster , " Hagrid say , stare menacingly at Karkaroff , who be still sprawl at the foot of the tree , tangle in fur and tree root . " stay , Fang . C'mon , Harry . " they march in silence past the Beauxbatons carriage and up toward the castle . " how dare he , " Hagrid growl as they stride past the lake . " how dare he accuse Dumbledore . like Dumbledore will do anythin ' like that . like Dumbledore want you in the tournament in the fir ' place . worry ! I dunno when I see Dumbledore more worried than he 's bin lately . an ' you ! " Hagrid suddenly say angrily to Harry , who look up at him , take aback . " what be Yeh doin ' , wanderin ' off with ruddy Krum ? he be from Durmstrang , Harry ! Coulda jinx yeh right there , couldn ' he ? Hasn ' Moody teach yeh nothin ' ? ' Magine lettin ' him lure yeh off on yer own -- " " Krum be all right ! " say Harry as they climb the step into the entrance hall . " he be n't try to jinx me , he just want to talk about Hermione -- " " I will be havin ' a few word with her , an ' all , " say Hagrid grimly , stomp up the stair . " the less you lot ' ave ter do with these foreigner , the happy yeh will be . Yeh can ' trust any of ' em . " " you be get on all right with Madame Maxime , " Harry say , annoy . " Don ' you talk ter me abou ' her ! " say Hagrid , and he look quite frightening for a moment . " I have get her number now ! Tryin ' ter get back in me good book , tryin ' ter get me ter tell her what be comin ' in the third task . Ha ! you can ' trust any of ' em ! " Hagrid be in such a bad mood , Harry be quite glad to say good-bye to him in front of the Fat Lady . he clamber through the portrait hole into the common room and hurry straight for the corner where Ron and Hermione be sit , to tell them what have happen . Chapter @card@ the dream " it come down to this , " say Hermione , rub her forehead . " either Mr. Crouch attack Viktor , or somebody else attack both of them when Viktor be n't look . " " it must have be Crouch , " say Ron at once . " that be why he be go when Harry and Dumbledore get there . he have do a runner . " " I do n't think so , " say Harry , shake his head . " he seem really weak -- I do n't reckon he be up to Disapparating or anything . " " you ca n't Disapparate on the Hogwarts ground , have n't I tell you enough time ? " say Hermione . " okay ... how be this for a theory , " say Ron excitedly . " Krum attack Crouch -- no , wait for it -- and then stun himself ! " " and Mr. Crouch evaporate , do he ? " say Hermione coldly . " oh yeah ... " it be daybreak . Harry , Ron , and Hermione have creep out of their dormitory very early and hurry up to the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius . now they be stand look out at the misty ground . all three of them be puffy-eyed and pale because they have be talk late into the night about Mr. Crouch . " just go through it again , Harry , " say Hermione . " what do Mr. Crouch actually say ? " " I have tell you , he be n't make much sense , " say Harry . " he say he want to warn Dumbledore about something . he definitely mention Bertha Jorkins , and he seem to think she be dead . he keep say stuff be his fault ... he mention his son . " " well , that be his fault , " say Hermione testily . " he be out of his mind , " say Harry . " half the time he seem to think his wife and son be still alive , and he keep talk to Percy about work and give him instruction . " " and ... remind me what he say about You-Know-Who ? " say Ron tentatively . " I have tell you , " Harry repeat dully . " he say he be get strong . " there be a pause . then Ron say in a falsely confident voice , " but he be out of his mind , like you say , so half of it be probably just rave ... " " he be sane when he be try to talk about Voldemort , " say Harry , and Ron wince at the sound of the name . " he be have real trouble string two word together , but that be when he seem to know where he be , and know what he want to do . he just keep say he have to see Dumbledore . " Harry turn away from the window and stare up into the rafter . the many perch be half-empty ; every now and then , another owl would swoop in through one of the window , return from its night 's hunting with a mouse in its beak . " if Snape have n't hold me up , " Harry say bitterly , " we might have get there in time . ' the headmaster be busy , Potter ... what be this rubbish , Potter ? ' why could n't he have just get out of the way ? " " maybe he do n't want you to get there ! " say Ron quickly . " maybe -- hang on -- how fast d'you reckon he could have get down to the forest ? D'you reckon he could have beat you and Dumbledore there ? " " not unless he can turn himself into a bat or something , " say Harry . " would n't put it past him , " Ron mutter . " we need to see Professor Moody , " say Hermione . " we need to find out whether he find Mr. Crouch . " " if he have the Marauder 's Map on him , it would have be easy , " say Harry . " unless Crouch be already outside the ground , " say Ron , " because it only show up to the boundary , do n't -- " " Shh ! " say Hermione suddenly . somebody be climb the step up to the Owlery . Harry could hear two voice argue , come close and close . " - that be blackmail , that be , we could get into a lot of trouble for that -- " " - we have try be polite ; it 's time to play dirty , like him . he would n't like the Ministry of Magic know what he do -- " " I be tell you , if you put that in writing , it be blackmail ! " " yeah , and you wo n't be complain if we get a nice fat payoff , will you ? " the Owlery door bang open . Fred and George come over the threshold , then freeze at the sight of Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " what be you do here ? " Ron and Fred say at the same time . " send a letter , " say Harry and George in unison . " what , at this time ? " say Hermione and Fred . Fred grin . " fine -- we wo n't ask you what you be do , if you do n't ask us , " he say . he be hold a sealed envelope in his hand . Harry glance at it , but Fred , whether accidentally or on purpose , shift his hand so that the name on it be cover . " well , do n't let us hold you up , " Fred say , make a mock bow and point at the door . Ron do n't move . " who be you blackmail ? " he say . the grin vanish from Fred 's face . Harry see George half glance at Fred , before smile at Ron . " do n't be stupid , I be only joke , " he say easily . " do n't sound like that , " say Ron . Fred and George look at each other . then Fred say abruptly , " I have tell you before , Ron , keep your nose out if you like it the shape it be . can n't see why you would , but -- " " it be my business if you be blackmail someone , " say Ron . " George 's right , you could end up in serious trouble for that . " " tell you , I be joke , " say George . he walk over to Fred , pull the letter out of his hand , and begin attach it to the leg of the near barn owl . " you be start to sound a bit like our dear old brother , you be , Ron . carry on like this and you will be make a prefect . " " no , I wo n't ! " say Ron hotly . George carry the barn owl over to the window and it take off . George turn around and grin at Ron . " well , stop tell people what to do then . see you later . " he and Fred leave the Owlery . Harry , Ron , and Hermione stare at one another . " you do n't think they know something about all this , do you ? " Hermione whisper . " about Crouch and everything ? " " no , " say Harry . " if it be something that serious , they will tell someone . they will tell Dumbledore . " Ron , however , be look uncomfortable . " what be the matter ? " Hermione ask him . " well ... " say Ron slowly , " I dunno if they would . they be ... they be obsess with make money lately , I notice it when I be hang around with them -- when -- you know -- " " we be n't talk . " Harry finish the sentence for him . " yeah , but blackmail ... " " it be this joke shop idea they have get , " say Ron . " I think they be only say it to annoy Mum , but they really mean it , they want to start one . they have only get a year leave at Hogwarts , they keep go on about how it 's time to think about their future , and Dad ca n't help them , and they need gold to get start . " Hermione be look uncomfortable now . " yes , but ... they would n't do anything against the law to get gold . " " would n't they ? " say Ron , look skeptical . " I dunno ... they do n't exactly mind break rule , do they ? " " yes , but this be the law , " say Hermione , look scare . " this be n't some silly school rule ... they will get a lot more than detention for blackmail ! Ron ... maybe you will well tell Percy ... " " be you mad ? " say Ron . " Tell Percy ? he will probably do a Crouch and turn them in . " he stare at the window through which Fred and Georges owl have depart , then say , " come on , let be get some breakfast . " " D'you think it be too early to go and see Professor Moody ? " Hermione say as they go down the spiral staircase . " yes , " say Harry . " he will probably blast us through the door if we wake him at the crack of dawn ; he will think we be try to attack him while he be asleep . let be give it till break . " history of Magic have rarely go so slowly . Harry keep check Ron 's watch , have finally discard his own , but Ron 's be move so slowly he could have swear it have stop work too . all three of them be so tire they could happily have put their head down on the desk and sleep ; even Hermione be n't take her usual note , but be sit with her head on her hand , gaze at Professor Binns with her eye out of focus . when the bell finally ring , they hurry out into the corridor toward the Dark Arts classroom and find Professor Moody leave it . he look as tired as they feel . the eyelid of his normal eye be droop , give his face an even more lopsided appearance than usual . " Professor Moody ? " Harry call as they make their way toward him through the crowd . " hello , Potter , " growl Moody . his magical eye follow a couple of pass first year , who speed up , look nervous ; it roll into the back of Moody 's head and watch them around the corner before he speak again . " come in here . " he stand back to let them into his empty classroom , limp in after them , and close the door . " do you find him ? " Harry ask without preamble . " Mr. Crouch ? " " no , " say Moody . he move over to his desk , sit down , stretch out his wooden leg with a slight groan , and pull out his hip flask . " do you use the map ? " Harry say . " of course , " say Moody , take a swig from his flask . " take a leaf out of your book , Potter . summon it from my office into the forest . he be n't anywhere on there . " " so he do Disapparate ? " say Ron . " you ca n't Disapparate on the ground , Ron ! " say Hermione . " there be other way he could have disappear , be n't there , Professor ? " Moody 's magical eye quiver as it rest on Hermione . " you be another one who might think about a career as an Auror , " he tell her . " mind work the right way , Granger . " Hermione flush pink with pleasure . " well , he be n't invisible , " say Harry . " the map show invisible people . he must have leave the ground , then . " " but under his own steam ? " say Hermione eagerly , " or because someone make him ? " " yeah , someone could have -- could have pull him onto a broom and flow off with him , could n't they ? " say Ron quickly , look hopefully at Moody as if he too want to be tell he have the makings of an Auror . " we ca n't rule out kidnap , " growl Moody . " so , " say Ron , " d'you reckon he be somewhere in Hogsmeade ? " " could be anywhere , " say Moody , shake his head . " only thing we know for sure be that he be not here . " he yawn widely , so that his scar stretch , and his lopsided mouth reveal a number of miss tooth . then he say , " now , Dumbledore 's tell me you three fancy yourselves as investigator , but there be nothing you can do for Crouch . the Ministry will be look for him now , Dumbledore have notify them . Potter , you just keep your mind on the third task . " " what ? " say Harry . " oh yeah ... " he have n't give the maze a single thought since he have leave it with Krum the previous night . " should be right up your street , this one , " say Moody , look up at Harry and scratch his scar and stubbly chin . " from what Dumbledore 's say , you have manage to get through stuff like this plenty of time . break your way through a series of obstacle guard the Sorcerer 's Stone in your first year , do n't you ? " " we help , " Ron say quickly . " me and Hermione help . " Moody grin . " well , help him practice for this one , and I will be very surprise if he do n't win , " say Moody . " in the meantime ... constant vigilance , Potter . constant vigilance . " he take another long draw from his hip flask , and his magical eye swivel onto the window . the topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship be visible through it . " you two , " counsel Moody , his normal eye on Ron and Hermione , " you stick close to Potter , all right ? I be keep an eye on thing , but all the same ... you can never have too many eye out . " * * * Sirius send their owl back the very next morning . it flutter down beside Harry at the same moment that a tawny owl land in front of Hermione , clutch a copy of the Daily Prophet in its beak . she take the newspaper , scan the first few page , say , " Ha ! she have n't get wind of Crouch ! " then join Ron and Harry in read what Sirius have to say on the mysterious event of the night before last . Harry -- what do you think you be play at , walk off into the forest with Viktor Krum ? I want you to swear , by return owl , that you be not go to go walk with anyone else at night . there be somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts . it be clear to me that they want to stop Crouch from see Dumbledore and you be probably foot away from them in the dark . you could have be kill . your name do n't get into the Goblet of Fire by accident . if someone be try to attack you , they be on their last chance . stay close to Ron and Hermione , do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hour , and arm yourself for the third task . practice Stunning and Disarming . a few hex would n't go amiss either . there be nothing you can do about Crouch . keep your head down and look after yourself . I be wait for your letter give me your word you wo n't stray out-of-bound again . Sirius " who be he , to lecture me about be out-of-bound ? " say Harry in mild indignation as he fold up Sirius 's letter and put it inside his robe . " after all the stuff he do at school ! " " he be worry about you ! " say Hermione sharply . " just like Moody and Hagrid ! so listen to them ! " " no one be try to attack me all year , " say Harry . " no one have do anything to me at all -- " " except put your name in the Goblet of Fire , " say Hermione . " and they must have do that for a reason , Harry . snuffles be right . maybe they have be bide their time . maybe this be the task they be go to get you . " " look , " say Harry impatiently , " let be say Sirius be right , and someone stun Krum to kidnap Crouch . well , they would have be in the tree near us , would n't they ? but they wait till I be out of the way until they act , do n't they ? so it do n't look like I be their target , do it ? " " they could n't have make it look like an accident if they have murder you in the forest ! " say Hermione . " but if you die during a task -- " " they do n't care about attack Krum , do they ? " say Harry . " why do n't they just polish me off at the same time ? they could have make it look like Krum and I have a duel or something . " " Harry , I do n't understand it either , " say Hermione desperately . " I just know there be a lot of odd thing go on , and I do n't like it ... Moody 's right -- Sirius be right -- you have get to get in training for the third task , straight away . and you make sure you write back to Sirius and promise him you be not go to go sneak off alone again . " the Hogwarts ground never look more invite than when Harry have to stay indoors . for the next few day he spend all of his free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron , look up hex , or else in empty classroom , which they sneak into to practice . Harry be concentrate on the Stunning Spell , which he have never use before . the trouble be that practice it involve certain sacrifice on Ron 's and Hermione 's part . " can n't we kidnap Mrs. Norris ? " Ron suggest on Monday lunchtime as he lie flat on his back in the middle of their Charms classroom , have just be stun and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row . " Let 's Stun her for a bit . or you could use Dobby , Harry , I bet he will do anything to help you . I be not complain or anything " -- he get gingerly to his foot , rub his backside -- " but I be ache all over ... " " well , you keep miss the cushion , do n't you ! " say Hermione impatiently , rearrange the pile of cushion they have use for the Banishing Spell , which Flitwick have leave in a cabinet . " just try and fall backward ! " " once you be stun , you ca n't aim too well , Hermione ! " say Ron angrily . " why do n't you take a turn ? " " well , I think Harry 's get it now , anyway , " say Hermione hastily . " and we do n't have to worry about Disarming , because he have be able to do that for age ... I think we ought to start on some of these hex this evening . " she look down the list they have make in the library . " I like the look of this one , " she say , " this Impediment Curse . should slow down anything that be try to attack you , Harry . we will start with that one . " the bell ring . they hastily shove the cushion back into Flitwick 's cupboard and slip out of the classroom . " see you at dinner ! " say Hermione , and she set off for Arithmancy , while Harry and Ron head toward North Tower , and Divination . broad strip of dazzling gold sunlight fall across the corridor from the high window . the sky outside be so brightly blue it look as though it have be enamel . " it be go to be boil in Trelawney 's room , she never put out that fire , " say Ron as they start up the staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor . he be quite right . the dimly light room be swelteringly hot . the fume from the perfume fire be heavy than ever . Harry 's head swim as he make his way over to one of the curtain window . while Professor Trelawney be look the other way , disentangle her shawl from a lamp , he open it an inch or so and settle back in his chintz armchair , so that a soft breeze play across his face . it be extremely comfortable . " my dear , " say Professor Trelawney , sit down in her wing armchair in front of the class and peer around at them all with her strangely enlarge eye , " we have almost finish our work on planetary divination . today , however , will be an excellent opportunity to examine the effect of Mars , for he be place most interestingly at the present time . if you will all look this way , I will dim the light ... " she wave her wand and the lamp go out . the fire be the only source of light now . Professor Trelawney bend down and lift , from under her chair , a miniature model of the solar system , contain within a glass dome . it be a beautiful thing ; each of the moon glimmer in place around the nine planet and the fiery sun , all of them hang in thin air beneath the glass . Harry watch lazily as Professor Trelawney begin to point out the fascinating angle Mars be make to Neptune . the heavily perfume fume wash over him , and the breeze from the window play across his face . he could hear an insect hum gently somewhere behind the curtain . his eyelid begin to droop ... he be ride on the back of an eagle owl , soar through the clear blue sky toward an old , ivy-covered house set high on a hillside . low and low they fly , the wind blow pleasantly in Harry 's face , until they reach a dark and break window in the upper story of the house and enter . now they be fly along a gloomy passageway , to a room at the very end ... through the door they go , into a dark room whose window be board up ... Harry have leave the owl 's back ... he be watch , now , as it flutter across the room , into a chair with its back to him ... there be two dark shape on the floor beside the chair ... both of them be stir ... one be a huge snake ... the other be a man ... a short , balding man , a man with watery eye and a pointed nose ... he be wheeze and sob on the hearth rug ... " you be in luck , Wormtail , " say a cold , high-pitched voice from the depth of the chair in which the owl have land . " you be very fortunate indeed . your blunder have not ruin everything . he be dead . " " My Lord ! " gasp the man on the floor . " My Lord , I be ... I be so please ... and so sorry ... " " Nagini , " say the cold voice , " you be out of luck . I will not be feed Wormtail to you , after all ... but never mind , never mind ... there be still Harry Potter ... " the snake hiss . Harry could see its tongue flutter . " now , Wormtail , " say the cold voice , " perhaps one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you ... " " My Lord ... no ... I beg you ... " the tip of a wand emerge from around the back of the chair . it be point at Wormtail . " Crucio ! " say the cold voice . Wormtail scream , scream as though every nerve in his body be on fire , the scream fill Harry 's ear as the scar on his forehead sear with pain ; he be yell too ... Voldemort would hear him , would know he be there ... " Harry ! Harry ! " Harry open his eye . he be lie on the floor of Professor Trelawney 's room with his hand over his face . his scar be still burn so badly that his eye be water . the pain have be real . the whole class be stand around him , and Ron be kneel next to him , look terrify . " you all right ? " he say . " of course he be n't ! " say Professor Trelawney , look thoroughly excited . her great eye loom over Harry , gaze at him . " what be it , Potter ? a premonition ? an apparition ? what do you see ? " " nothing , " Harry lie . he sit up . he could feel himself shake . he could n't stop himself from look around , into the shadow behind him ; Voldemort 's voice have sound so close ... " you be clutch your scar ! " say Professor Trelawney . " you be roll on the floor , clutch your scar ! come now , Potter , I have experience in these matter ! " Harry look up at her . " I need to go to the hospital wing , I think , " he say . " bad headache . " " my dear , you be undoubtedly stimulate by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibration of my room ! " say Professor Trelawney " if you leave now , you may lose the opportunity to see further than you have ever -- " " I do n't want to see anything except a headache cure , " say Harry . he stand up . the class back away . they all look unnerved . " see you later , " Harry mutter to Ron , and he pick up his bag and head for the trapdoor , ignore Professor Trelawney , who be wear an expression of great frustration , as though she have just be deny a real treat . when Harry reach the bottom of her stepladder , however , he do not set off for the hospital wing . he have no intention whatsoever of go there . Sirius have tell him what to do if his scar hurt him again , and Harry be go to follow his advice : he be go straight to Dumbledore 's office . he march down the corridor , think about what he have see in the dream ... it have be as vivid as the one that have awake him on Privet Drive ... he run over the detail in his mind , try to make sure he could remember them ... he have hear Voldemort accuse Wormtail of make a blunder ... but the owl have bring good news , the blunder have be repair , somebody be dead ... so Wormtail be not go to be feed to the snake ... he , Harry , be go to be feed to it instead ... Harry have walk right past the stone gargoyle guard the entrance to Dumbledore 's office without notice . he blink , look around , realize what he have do , and retrace his step , stop in front of it . then he remember that he do n't know the password . " sherbet lemon ? " he try tentatively . the gargoyle do not move . " okay , " say Harry , stare at it , " Pear Drop . er -- Licorice Wand . fizz Whizbee . Drooble 's Best Blowing Gum . Bertie Bott 's Every Flavor Beans ... oh no , he do n't like them , do he ? ... oh just open , ca n't you ? " he say angrily . " I really need to see him , it be urgent ! " the gargoyle remain immovable . Harry kick it , achieve nothing but an excruciating pain in his big toe . " chocolate frog ! " he yell angrily , stand on one leg . " Sugar Quill ! cockroach Cluster ! " the gargoyle spring to life and jump aside . Harry blink . " cockroach Cluster ? " he say , amaze . " I be only joke ... " he hurry through the gap in the wall and step onto the foot of a spiral stone staircase , which move slowly upward as the door close behind him , take him up to a polished oak door with a brass door knocker . he could hear voice from inside the office . he step off the move staircase and hesitate , listen . " Dumbledore , I be afraid I do n't see the connection , do n't see it at all ! " it be the voice of the Minister of Magic , Cornelius Fudge . " ludo say Bertha 's perfectly capable of get herself lose . I agree we would have expect to have find her by now , but all the same , we have no evidence of foul play , Dumbledore , none at all . as for her disappearance be link with Barty Crouch 's ! " " and what do you think happen to Barty Crouch , Minister ? " say Moody 's growl voice . " I see two possibility , Alastor , " say Fudge . " either Crouch have finally crack -- more than likely , I be sure you will agree , give his personal history -- lose his mind , and go wander off somewhere -- " " he wander extremely quickly , if that be the case , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore calmly . " or else -- well ... " Fudge sound embarrassed . " well , I will reserve judgment until after I have see the place where he be find , but you say it be just past the Beauxbatons carriage ? Dumbledore , you know what that woman be ? " " I consider her to be a very able headmistress -- and an excellent dancer , " say Dumbledore quietly . " Dumbledore , come ! " say Fudge angrily . " do n't you think you might be prejudice in her favor because of Hagrid ? they do n't all turn out harmless -- if , indeed , you can call Hagrid harmless , with that monster fixation he be get -- " " I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid , " say Dumbledore , just as calmly . " I think it possible that it be you who be prejudice , Cornelius . " " can we wrap up this discussion ? " growl Moody . " yes , yes , let be go down to the ground , then , " say Fudge impatiently . " no , it be not that , " say Moody , " it be just that Potter want a word with you , Dumbledore . he be just outside the door . " Chapter @card@ the Pensieve the door of the office open . " hello , Potter , " say Moody . " come in , then . " Harry walk inside . he have be inside Dumbledore 's office once before ; it be a very beautiful , circular room , line with picture of previous headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts , all of whom be fast asleep , their chest rise and fall gently . Cornelius Fudge be stand beside Dumbledore 's desk , wear his usual pinstriped cloak and hold his lime-green bowler hat . " Harry ! " say Fudge jovially , move forward . " how be you ? " " fine , " Harry lie . " we be just talk about the night when Mr. Crouch turn up on the ground , " say Fudge . " it be you who find him , be it not ? " " yes , " say Harry . then , feel it be pointless to pretend that he have n't overhear what they have be say , he add , " I do n't see Madame Maxime anywhere , though , and she will have a job hiding , would n't she ? " Dumbledore smile at Harry behind Fudge 's back , his eye twinkling . " yes , well , " say Fudge , look embarrassed , " we be about to go for a short walk on the ground , Harry , if you will excuse us ... perhaps if you just go back to your class -- " " I want to talk to you , Professor , " Harry say quickly , look at Dumbledore , who give him a swift , search look . " wait here for me , Harry , " he say . " our examination of the ground will not take long . " they troop out in silence past him and close the door . after a minute or so , Harry hear the clunk of Moody 's wooden leg grow fainter in the corridor below . he look around . " hello , Fawkes , " he say . Fawkes , Professor Dumbledore 's phoenix , be stand on his golden perch beside the door . the size of a swan , with magnificent scarlet-and-gold plumage , he swish his long tail and blink benignly at Harry . Harry sit down in a chair in front of Dumbledore 's desk . for several minute , he sit and watch the old headmaster and headmistress snooze in their frame , think about what he have just hear , and run his finger over his scar . it have stop hurt now . he feel much calm , somehow , now that he be in Dumbledore 's office , know he would shortly be tell him about the dream . Harry look up at the wall behind the desk . the patched and ragged Sorting Hat be stand on a shelf . a glass case next to it hold a magnificent silver sword with large ruby set into the hilt , which Harry recognize as the one he himself have pull out of the Sorting Hat in his second year . the sword have once belong to Godric Gryffindor , founder of Harry 's House . he be gaze at it , remember how it have come to his aid when he have think all hope be lose , when he notice a patch of silvery light , dance and shimmer on the glass case . he look around for the source of the light and see a sliver of silver-white shine brightly from within a black cabinet behind him , whose door have not be close properly . Harry hesitate , glance at Fawkes , then get up , walk across the office , and pull open the cabinet door . a shallow stone basin lie there , with odd carving around the edge : rune and symbol that Harry do not recognize . the silvery light be come from the basin 's content , which be like nothing Harry have ever see before . he could not tell whether the substance be liquid or gas . it be a bright , whitish silver , and it be move ceaselessly ; the surface of it become ruffle like water beneath wind , and then , like cloud , separate and swirl smoothly . it look like light make liquid -- or like wind make solid -- Harry could n't make up his mind . he want to touch it , to find out what it feel like , but nearly four year ' experience of the magical world tell him that stick his hand into a bowl full of some unknown substance be a very stupid thing to do . he therefore pull his wand out of the inside of his robe , cast a nervous look around the office , look back at the content of the basin , and prod them . the surface of the silvery stuff inside the basin begin to swirl very fast . Harry bend closer , his head right inside the cabinet . the silvery substance have become transparent ; it look like glass . he look down into it , expect to see the stone bottom of the basin -- and see instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance , a room into which he seem to be look through a circular window in the ceiling . the room be dimly light ; he think it might even be underground , for there be no window , merely torch in bracket such as the one that illuminate the wall of Hogwarts . lower his face so that his nose be a mere inch away from the glassy substance , Harry see that row and row of witch and wizard be seat around every wall on what seem to be bench rise in level . an empty chair stand in the very center of the room . there be something about the chair that give Harry an ominous feeling . chain encircle the arm of it , as though its occupant be usually tie to it . where be this place ? it surely be n't Hogwarts ; he have never see a room like that here in the castle . moreover , the crowd in the mysterious room at the bottom of the basin be comprise of adult , and Harry know there be not nearly that many teacher at Hogwarts . they seem , he think , to be wait for something ; even though he could only see the top of their hat , all of their face seem to be point in one direction , and none of them be talk to one another . the basin be circular , and the room he be observe square , Harry could not make out what be go on in the corner of it . he lean even closer , tilt his head , try to see ... the tip of his nose touch the strange substance into which he be stare . Dumbledore 's office give an almighty lurch -- Harry be throw forward and pitch headfirst into the substance inside the basin - but his head do not hit the stone bottom . he be fall through something icy-cold and black ; it be like be suck into a dark whirlpool - and suddenly , Harry find himself sit on a bench at the end of the room inside the basin , a bench raise high above the other . he look up at the high stone ceiling , expect to see the circular window through which he have just be stare , but there be nothing there but dark , solid stone . breathe hard and fast , Harry look around him . not one of the witch and wizard in the room ( and there be at least two hundred of them ) be look at him . not one of them seem to have notice that a fourteen-year-old boy have just drop from the ceiling into their midst . Harry turn to the wizard next to him on the bench and utter a loud cry of surprise that reverberate around the silent room . he be sit right next to Albus Dumbledore . " professor ! " Harry say in a kind of strangle whisper . " I be sorry -- I do n't mean to -- I be just look at that basin in your cabinet -- I -- where be we ? " but Dumbledore do n't move or speak . he ignore Harry completely . like every other wizard on the bench , he be stare into the far corner of the room , where there be a door . Harry gaze , nonplus , at Dumbledore , then around at the silently watchful crowd , then back at Dumbledore . and then it dawn on him ... once before , Harry have find himself somewhere that nobody could see or hear him . that time , he have fall through a page in an enchant diary , right into somebody else 's memory ... and unless he be very much mistake , something of the sort have happen again ... Harry raise his right hand , hesitate , and then wave it energetically in front of Dumbledore 's face . Dumbledore do not blink , look around at Harry , or indeed move at all . and that , in Harry 's opinion , settle the matter . Dumbledore would n't ignore him like that . he be inside a memory , and this be not the present-day Dumbledore . yet it could n't be that long ago ... the Dumbledore sit next to him now be silver-haired , just like the present-day Dumbledore . but what be this place ? what be all these wizard wait for ? Harry look around more carefully . the room , as he have suspect when observe it from above , be almost certainly underground -- more of a dungeon than a room , he think . there be a bleak and forbidding air about the place ; there be no picture on the wall , no decoration at all ; just these serried row of bench , rise in level all around the room , all position so that they have a clear view of that chair with the chain on its arm . before Harry could reach any conclusion about the place in which they be , he hear footstep . the door in the corner of the dungeon open and three people enter -- or at least one man , flank by two dementors . Harry 's inside go cold . the dementors -- tall , hooded creature whose face be conceal -- be glide slowly toward the chair in the center of the room , each grasp one of the man 's arm with their dead and rotten-looking hand . the man between them look as though he be about to faint , and Harry could n't blame him ... he know the dementors could not touch him inside a memory , but he remember their power only too well . the watch crowd recoil slightly as the dementors place the man in the chain chair and glide back out of the room . the door swing shut behind them . Harry look down at the man now sit in the chair and see that it be Karkaroff . unlike Dumbledore , Karkaroff look much young ; his hair and goatee be black . he be not dress in sleek fur , but in thin and ragged robe . he be shake . even as Harry watch , the chain on the arm of the chair glow suddenly gold and snake their way up Karkaroff 's arm , bind him there . " Igor Karkaroff , " say a curt voice to Harry 's left . Harry look around and see Mr. Crouch stand up in the middle of the bench beside him . Crouch 's hair be dark , his face be much less line , he look fit and alert . " you have be bring from Azkaban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic . you have give us to understand that you have important information for us . " Karkaroff straighten himself as good he could , tightly bind to the chair . " I have , sir , " he say , and although his voice be very scare , Harry could still hear the familiar unctuous note in it . " I wish to be of use to the Ministry . I wish to help . I -- I know that the Ministry be try to -- to round up the last of the Dark Lord 's supporter . I be eager to assist in any way I can ... " there be a murmur around the bench . some of the wizard and witch be survey Karkaroff with interest , other with pronounced mistrust . then Harry hear , quite distinctly , from Dumbledore 's other side , a familiar , growl voice say , " Filth . " Harry lean forward so that he could see past Dumbledore . Mad-Eye Moody be sit there -- except that there be a very noticeable difference in his appearance . he do not have his magical eye , but two normal one . both be look down upon Karkaroff , and both be narrow in intense dislike . " crouch be go to let him out , " Moody breathe quietly to Dumbledore . " he be do a deal with him . take me six month to track him down , and Crouch be go to let him go if he be get enough new name . let be hear his information , I say , and throw him straight back to the dementors . " Dumbledore make a small noise of dissent through his long , crooked nose . " ah , I be forget ... you do n't like the dementors , do you , Albus ? " say Moody with a sardonic smile . " no , " say Dumbledore calmly , " I be afraid I do n't . I have long feel the Ministry be wrong to ally itself with such creature . " " but for filth like this ... " Moody say softly . " you say you have name for us , Karkaroff , " say Mr. Crouch . " let us hear them , please . " " you must understand , " say Karkaroff hurriedly , " that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named operate always in the great secrecy ... he prefer that we -- I mean to say , his supporter -- and I regret now , very deeply , that I ever count myself among them -- " " get on with it , " sneer Moody . " - we never know the name of every one of our fellow -- he alone know exactly who we all be -- " " which be a wise move , be n't it , as it prevent someone like you , Karkaroff , from turn all of them in , " mutter Moody . " yet you say you have some name for us ? " say Mr. Crouch . " I -- I do , " say Karkaroff breathlessly . " and these be important supporter , mark you . people I see with my own eye do his bidding . I give this information as a sign that I fully and totally renounce him , and be fill with a remorse so deep I can barely -- " " these name be ? " say Mr. Crouch sharply . Karkaroff draw a deep breath . " there be Antonin Dolohov , " he say . " I -- I see him torture countless Muggles and -- and non-supporters of the Dark Lord . " " and help him do it , " murmur Moody . " we have already apprehend Dolohov , " say Crouch . " he be catch shortly after yourself . " " indeed ? " say Karkaroff , his eye widening . " I -- I be delight to hear it ! " but he do n't look it . Harry could tell that this news have come as a real blow to him . one of his name be worthless . " any other ? " say Crouch coldly . " why , yes ... there be Rosier , " say Karkaroff hurriedly . " Evan Rosier . " " Rosier be dead , " say Crouch . " he be catch shortly after you be too . he prefer to fight rather than come quietly and be kill in the struggle . " " take a bit of me with him , though , " whisper Moody to Harry 's right . Harry look around at him once more , and see him indicate the large chunk out of his nose to Dumbledore . " no -- no more than Rosier deserve ! " say Karkaroff , a real note of panic in his voice now . Harry could see that he be start to worry that none of his information would be of any use to the Ministry . Karkaroff 's eye dart toward the door in the corner , behind which the dementors undoubtedly still stand , wait . " any more ? " say Crouch . " yes ! " say Karkaroff . " there be Travers -- he help murder the McKinnons ! Mulciber -- he specialize in the Imperius Curse , force countless people to do horrific thing ! Rookwood , who be a spy , and pass He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named useful information from inside the Ministry itself ! " Harry could tell that , this time , Karkaroff have strike gold . the watch crowd be all murmur together . " Rookwood ? " say Mr. Crouch , nod to a witch sit in front of him , who begin scribble upon her piece of parchment . " Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries ? " " the very same , " say Karkaroff eagerly . " I believe he use a network of well-place wizard , both inside the Ministry and out , to collect information -- " " but Travers and Mulciber we have , " say Mr. Crouch . " very well , Karkaroff , if that be all , you will be return to Azkaban while we decide -- " " not yet ! " cry Karkaroff , look quite desperate . " wait , I have more ! " Harry could see him sweat in the torchlight , his white skin contrast strongly with the black of his hair and beard . " Snape ! " he shout . " Severus Snape ! " " Snape have be clear by this council , " say Crouch disdainfully . " he have be vouch for by Albus Dumbledore . " " no ! " shout Karkaroff , strain at the chain that bind him to the chair . " I assure you ! Severus Snape be a Death Eater ! " Dumbledore have get to his foot . " I have give evidence already on this matter , " he say calmly . " Severus Snape be indeed a Death Eater . however , he rejoin our side before Lord Voldemort 's downfall and turn spy for us , at great personal risk . he be now no more a Death Eater than I be . " Harry turn to look at Mad-Eye Moody . he be wear a look of deep skepticism behind Dumbledore 's back . " very well , Karkaroff , " Crouch say coldly , " you have be of assistance . I shall review your case . you will return to Azkaban in the meantime ... " Mr. Crouch 's voice fade . Harry look around ; the dungeon be dissolve as though it be make of smoke ; everything be fade ; he could see only his own body -- all else be swirl darkness ... and then , the dungeon return . Harry be sit in a different seat , still on the high bench , but now to the leave side of Mr. Crouch . the atmosphere seem quite different : relax , even cheerful . the witch and wizard all around the wall be talk to one another , almost as though they be at some sort of sport event . Harry notice a witch halfway up the row of bench opposite . she have short blonde hair , be wear magenta robe , and be suck the end of an acid-green quill . it be , unmistakably , a young Rita Skeeter . Harry look around ; Dumbledore be sit beside him again , wear different robe . Mr. Crouch look more tired and somehow fierce , gaunt ... Harry understand . it be a different memory , a different day ... a different trial . the door in the corner open , and Ludo Bagman walk into the room . this be not , however , a Ludo Bagman go to seed , but a Ludo Bagman who be clearly at the height of his Quidditch-playing fitness . his nose be n't break now ; he be tall and lean and muscular . bagman look nervous as he sit down in the chain chair , but it do not bind him there as it have bind Karkaroff , and Bagman , perhaps take heart from this , glance around at the watch crowd , wave at a couple of them , and manage a small smile . " ludo Bagman , you have be bring here in front of the Council of Magical Law to answer charge relate to the activity of the Death Eaters , " say Mr. Crouch . " we have hear the evidence against you , and be about to reach our verdict . do you have anything to add to your testimony before we pronounce judgment ? " Harry could n't believe his ear . ludo Bagman , a Death Eater ? " only , " say Bagman , smile awkwardly , " well -- I know I have be a bit of an idiot -- " one or two wizard and witch in the surround seat smile indulgently . Mr. Crouch do not appear to share their feeling . he be stare down at Ludo Bagman with an expression of the utmost severity and dislike . " you never speak a true word , boy , " someone mutter dryly to Dumbledore behind Harry . he look around and see moody sit there again . " if I do n't know he have always be dim , I will have say some of those Bludgers have permanently affect his brain ... " " Ludovic Bagman , you be catch pass information to Lord Voldemort 's supporter , " say Mr. Crouch . " for this , I suggest a term of imprisonment in Azkaban last no less than -- " but there be an angry outcry from the surround bench . several of the witch and wizard around the wall stand up , shake their head , and even their fist , at Mr. Crouch . " but I have tell you , I have no idea ! " bagman call earnestly over the crowd 's babble , his round blue eye widening . " none at all ! Old Rookwood be a friend of my dad be ... never cross my mind he be in with You-Know-Who ! I think I be collect information for our side ! and Rookwood keep talk about get me a job in the Ministry later on ... once my Quidditch day be over , you know ... I mean , I ca n't keep get hit by Bludgers for the rest of my life , can I ? " there be titter from the crowd . " it will be put to the vote , " say Mr. Crouch coldly . he turn to the right-hand side of the dungeon . " the jury will please raise their hand ... those in favor of imprisonment ... " Harry look toward the right-hand side of the dungeon . not one person raise their hand . many of the witch and wizard around the wall begin to clap . one of the witch on the jury stand up . " yes ? " bark Crouch . " we will just like to congratulate Mr. Bagman on his splendid performance for England in the Quidditch match against Turkey last Saturday , " the witch say breathlessly . Mr. Crouch look furious . the dungeon be ring with applause now . bagman get to his foot and bow , beam . " despicable , " Mr. Crouch spit at Dumbledore , sit down as Bagman walk out of the dungeon . " Rookwood get him a job indeed ... the day Ludo Bagman join us will be a sad day indeed for the Ministry ... " and the dungeon dissolve again . when it have return , Harry look around . he and Dumbledore be still sit beside Mr. Crouch , but the atmosphere could not have be more different . there be total silence , break only by the dry sob of a frail , wispy-looking witch in the seat next to Mr. Crouch . she be clutch a handkerchief to her mouth with tremble hand . Harry look up at Crouch and see that he look gaunt and gray than ever before . a nerve be twitch in his temple . " bring them in , " he say , and his voice echo through the silent dungeon . the door in the corner open yet again . six dementors enter this time , flank a group of four people . Harry see the people in the crowd turn to look up at Mr. Crouch . a few of them whisper to one another . the dementors place each of the four people in the four chair with chain arm that now stand on the dungeon floor . there be a thickset man who stare blankly up at Crouch ; a thin and more nervous-looking man , whose eye be dart around the crowd ; a woman with thick , shine dark hair and heavily hood eye , who be sit in the chain chair as though it be a throne ; and a boy in his late teen , who look nothing short of petrify . he be shiver , his straw-colored hair all over his face , his freckled skin milk-white . the wispy little witch beside Crouch begin to rock backward and forward in her seat , whimper into her handkerchief . crouch stand up . he look down upon the four in front of him , and there be pure hatred in his face . " you have be bring here before the Council of Magical Law , " he say clearly , " so that we may pass judgment on you , for a crime so heinous -- " " Father , " say the boy with the straw-colored hair . " father ... please ... " " - that we have rarely hear the like of it within this court , " say Crouch , speak more loudly , drown out his son 's voice . " we have hear the evidence against you . the four of you stand accuse of capture an Auror -- Frank Longbottom -- and subject him to the Cruciatus Curse , believe him to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your exile master , He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named -- " " Father , I do n't ! " shriek the boy in chain below . " I do n't , I swear it , Father , do n't send me back to the dementors -- " " you be further accuse , " bellow Mr. Crouch , " of use the Cruciatus Curse on Frank Longbottom 's wife , when he would not give you information . you plan to restore He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named to power , and to resume the life of violence you presumably lead while he be strong . I now ask the jury -- " " Mother ! " scream the boy below , and the wispy little witch beside Crouch begin to sob , rock backward and forward . " mother , stop him , Mother , I do n't do it , it be n't me ! " " I now ask the jury , " shout Mr. Crouch , " to raise their hand if they believe , as I do , that these crime deserve a life sentence in Azkaban ! " in unison , the witch and wizard along the right-hand side of the dungeon raise their hand . the crowd around the wall begin to clap as it have for Bagman , their face full of savage triumph . the boy begin to scream . " no ! mother , no ! I do n't do it , I do n't do it , I do n't know ! do n't send me there , do n't let him ! " the dementors be glide back into the room . the boy ' three companion rise quietly from their seat ; the woman with the heavy-lidded eye look up at Crouch and call , " the Dark Lord will rise again , Crouch ! throw us into Azkaban ; we will wait ! he will rise again and will come for us , he will reward us beyond any of his other supporter ! we alone be faithful ! we alone try to find him ! " but the boy be try to fight off the dementors , even though Harry could see their cold , drain power start to affect him . the crowd be jeer , some of them on their foot , as the woman sweep out of the dungeon , and the boy continue to struggle . " I be your son ! " he scream up at Crouch . " I be your son ! " " you be no son of mine ! " bellow Mr. Crouch , his eye bulge suddenly . " I have no son ! " the wispy witch beside him give a great gasp and slump in her seat . she have faint . crouch appear not to have notice . " take them away ! " crouch roar at the dementors , spit fly from his mouth . " take them away , and may they rot there ! " " father ! father , I be n't involve ! no ! no ! father , please ! " " I think , Harry , it be time to return to my office , " say a quiet voice in Harry 's ear . Harry start . he look around . then he look on his other side . there be an Albus Dumbledore sit on his right , watch Crouch 's son be drag away by the dementors -- and there be an Albus Dumbledore on his left , look right at him . " come , " say the Dumbledore on his left , and he put his hand under Harry 's elbow . Harry feel himself rise into the air ; the dungeon dissolve around him ; for a moment , all be blackness , and then he feel as though he have do a slow-motion somersault , suddenly land flat on his foot , in what seem like the dazzling light of Dumbledore 's sunlit office . the stone basin be shimmer in the cabinet in front of him , and Albus Dumbledore be stand beside him . " professor , " Harry gasp , " I know I should n't have -- I do n't mean -- the cabinet door be sort of open and -- " " I quite understand , " say Dumbledore . he lift the basin , carry it over to his desk , place it upon the polished top , and sit down in the chair behind it . he motion for Harry to sit down opposite him . Harry do so , stare at the stone basin . the content have return to their original , silvery-white state , swirl and ripple beneath his gaze . " what be it ? " Harry ask shakily . " this ? it be call a Pensieve , " say Dumbledore . " I sometimes find , and I be sure you know the feeling , that I simply have too many thought and memory cram into my mind . " " er , " say Harry , who could n't truthfully say that he have ever feel anything of the sort . " at these time , " say Dumbledore , indicate the stone basin , " I use the Pensieve . one simply siphon the excess thought from one 's mind , pour them into the basin , and examine them at one 's leisure . it become easy to spot pattern and link , you understand , when they be in this form . " " you mean ... that stuff be your thought ? " Harry say , stare at the swirling white substance in the basin . " certainly , " say Dumbledore . " let me show you . " Dumbledore draw his wand out of the inside of his robe and place the tip into his own silvery hair , near his temple . when he take the wand away , hair seem to be cling to it -- but then Harry see that it be in fact a glisten strand of the same strange silvery-white substance that fill the Pensieve . Dumbledore add this fresh thought to the basin , and Harry , astonish , see his own face swimming around the surface of the bowl . Dumbledore place his long hand on either side of the Pensieve and swirl it , rather as a gold prospector would pan for fragment of gold ... and Harry see his own face change smoothly into Snape 's , who open his mouth and speak to the ceiling , his voice echo slightly . " it be come back ... Karkaroff be too ... strong and clear than ever ... " " a connection I could have make without assistance , " Dumbledore sigh , " but never mind . " he peer over the top of his half-moon spectacle at Harry , who be gape at Snape 's face , which be continue to swirl around the bowl . " I be use the Pensieve when Mr. Fudge arrive for our meeting and put it away rather hastily . undoubtedly I do not fasten the cabinet door properly . naturally , it would have attract your attention . " " I be sorry , " Harry mumble . Dumbledore shake his head . " curiosity be not a sin , " he say . " but we should exercise caution with our curiosity ... yes , indeed ... " Frowning slightly , he prod the thought within the basin with the tip of his wand . instantly , a figure rise out of it , a plump , scowl girl of about sixteen , who begin to revolve slowly , with her foot still in the basin . she take no notice whatsoever of Harry or Professor Dumbledore . when she speak , her voice echo as Snape 's have do , as though it be come from the depth of the stone basin . " he put a hex on me , Professor Dumbledore , and I be only tease him , sir . I only say I have see him kiss Florence behind the greenhouse last Thursday ... " " but why , Bertha , " say Dumbledore sadly , look up at the now silently revolving girl , " why do you have to follow him in the first place ? " " Bertha ? " Harry whisper , look up at her . " be that -- be that Bertha Jorkins ? " " yes , " say Dumbledore , prod the thought in the basin again ; Bertha sink back into them , and they become silvery and opaque once more . " that be Bertha as I remember her at school . " the silvery light from the Pensieve illuminate Dumbledore 's face , and it strike Harry suddenly how very old he be look . he know , of course , that Dumbledore be get on in year , but somehow he never really think of Dumbledore as an old man . " so , Harry , " say Dumbledore quietly . " before you get lose in my thought , you want to tell me something . " " yes , " say Harry . " professor -- I be in divination just now , and -- er -- I fall asleep . " he hesitate here , wonder if a reprimand be come , but Dumbledore merely say , " Quite understandable . continue . " " well , I have a dream , " say Harry . " a dream about Lord Voldemort . he be torture Wormtail ... you know who Wormtail -- " " I do know , " say Dumbledore promptly . " please continue . " " Voldemort get a letter from an owl . he say something like , Wormtail 's blunder have be repair . he say someone be dead . then he say , Wormtail would n't be feed to the snake -- there be a snake beside his chair . he say -- he say he will be feed me to it , instead . then he do the Cruciatus Curse on Wormtail -- and my scar hurt , " Harry say . " it wake me up , it hurt so badly . " Dumbledore merely look at him . " er -- that be all , " say Harry . " I see , " say Dumbledore quietly . " I see . now , have your scar hurt at any other time this year , except the time it wake you up over the summer ? " " no , I -- how do you know it wake me up over the summer ? " say Harry , astonish . " you be not Sirius 's only correspondent , " say Dumbledore . " I have also be in contact with him ever since he leave Hogwarts last year . it be I who suggest the mountainside cave as the safe place for him to stay . " Dumbledore get up and begin walk up and down behind his desk . every now and then , he place his wand tip to his temple , remove another shine silver thought , and add it to the Pensieve . the thought inside begin to swirl so fast that Harry could n't make out anything clearly : it be merely a blur of color . " professor ? " he say quietly , after a couple of minute . Dumbledore stop pace and look at Harry . " my apology , " he say quietly . he sit back down at his desk . " D'you -- d'you know why my scar be hurt me ? " Dumbledore look very intently at Harry for a moment , and then say , " I have a theory , no more than that ... it be my belief that your scar hurt both when Lord Voldemort be near you , and when he be feel a particularly strong surge of hatred . " " but ... why ? " " because you and he be connect by the curse that fail , " say Dumbledore . " that be no ordinary scar . " " so you think ... that dream ... do it really happen ? " " it be possible , " say Dumbledore . " I would say -- probable . Harry -- do you see Voldemort ? " " no , " say Harry . " just the back of his chair . but -- there would n't have be anything to see , would there ? I mean , he have n't get a body , have he ? but ... but then how could he have hold the wand ? " Harry say slowly . " how indeed ? " mutter Dumbledore . " how indeed ... " Neither Dumbledore nor Harry speak for a while . Dumbledore be gaze across the room , and , every now and then , place his wand tip to his temple and add another shine silver think to the seething mass within the Pensieve . " professor , " Harry say at last , " do you think he be get strong ? " " Voldemort ? " say Dumbledore , look at Harry over the Pensieve . it be the characteristic , piercing look Dumbledore have give him on other occasion , and always make Harry feel as though Dumbledore be see right through him in a way that even Moody 's magical eye could not . " once again , Harry , I can only give you my suspicion . " Dumbledore sigh again , and he look old , and weary , than ever . " the year of Voldemort 's ascent to power , " he say , " be mark with disappearance . Bertha Jorkins have vanish without a trace in the place where Voldemort be certainly know to be last . Mr. Crouch too have disappear ... within these very ground . and there be a third disappearance , one which the Ministry , I regret to say , do not consider of any importance , for it concern a Muggle . his name be Frank Bryce , he live in the village where Voldemort 's father grow up , and he have not be see since last August . you see , I read the Muggle newspaper , unlike most of my Ministry friend . " Dumbledore look very seriously at Harry . " these disappearance seem to me to be link . the Ministry disagree -- as you may have hear , while wait outside my office . " Harry nod . silence fall between them again , Dumbledore extract thought every now and then . Harry feel as though he ought to go , but his curiosity hold him in his chair . " professor ? " he say again . " yes , Harry ? " say Dumbledore . " er ... could I ask you about ... that court thing I be in ... in the Pensieve ? " " you could , " say Dumbledore heavily . " I attend it many time , but some trial come back to me more clearly than other ... particularly now ... " " you know -- you know the trial you find me in ? the one with Crouch 's son ? well ... be they talk about Neville 's parent ? " Dumbledore give Harry a very sharp look . " have Neville never tell you why he have be bring up by his grandmother ? " he say . Harry shake his head , wonder , as he do so , how he could have fail to ask Neville this , in almost four year of know him . " yes , they be talk about Neville 's parent , " say Dumbledore . " his father , Frank , be an Auror just like Professor Moody . he and his wife be torture for information about Voldemort 's whereabouts after he lose his power , as you hear . " " so they be dead ? " say Harry quietly . " no , " say Dumbledore , his voice full of a bitterness Harry have never hear there before . " they be insane . they be both in St. Mungo 's hospital for magical malady and injury . I believe Neville visit them , with his grandmother , during the holiday . they do not recognize him . " Harry sit there , horror-struck . he have never know ... never , in four year , bother to find out ... " the Longbottoms be very popular , " say Dumbledore . " the attack on them come after Voldemort 's fall from power , just when everyone think they be safe . those attack cause a wave of fury such as I have never know . the Ministry be under great pressure to catch those who have do it . unfortunately , the Longbottoms ' evidence be -- give their condition -- none too reliable . " " then Mr. Crouch 's son might not have be involve ? " say Harry slowly . Dumbledore shake his head . " as to that , I have no idea . " Harry sit in silence once more , watch the content of the Pensieve swirl . there be two more question he be burn to ask ... but they concern the guilt of live people ... " er , " he say , " Mr. Bagman ... " " ... have never be accuse of any dark activity since , " say Dumbledore calmly . " right , " say Harry hastily , stare at the content of the Pensieve again , which be swirl more slowly now that Dumbledore have stop add thought . " and ... er ... " but the Pensieve seem to be ask his question for him . Snape 's face be swim on the surface again . Dumbledore glance down into it , and then up at Harry . " no more have Professor Snape , " he say . Harry look into Dumbledore 's light blue eye , and the thing he really want to know spill out of his mouth before he could stop it . " what make you think he have really stop support Voldemort , Professor ? " Dumbledore hold Harry 's gaze for a few second , and then say , " that , Harry , be a matter between Professor Snape and myself . " Harry know that the interview be over ; Dumbledore do not look angry , yet there be a finality in his tone that tell Harry it be time to go . he stand up , and so do Dumbledore . " Harry , " he say as Harry reach the door . " please do not speak about Neville 's parent to anybody else . he have the right to let people know , when he be ready . " " yes , Professor , " say Harry , turn to go . " and -- " Harry look back . Dumbledore be stand over the Pensieve , his face light from beneath by its silvery spot of light , look old than ever . he stare at Harry for a moment , and then say , " good luck with the third task . " Chapter @card@ the Third Task " Dumbledore reckon You-Know-Who be get strong again as well ? " Ron whisper . everything Harry have see in the Pensieve , nearly everything Dumbledore have tell and show him afterward , he have now share with Ron and Hermione -- and , of course , with Sirius , to whom Harry have send an owl the moment he have leave Dumbledore 's office . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit up late in the common room once again that night , talk it all over until Harry 's mind be reel , until he understand what Dumbledore have mean about a head become so full of thought that it would have be a relief to siphon them off . Ron stare into the common room fire . Harry think he see Ron shiver slightly , even though the evening be warm . " and he trust Snape ? " Ron say . " he really trust Snape , even though he know he be a Death Eater ? " " yes , " say Harry . Hermione have not speak for ten minute . she be sit with her forehead in her hand , stare at her knee . Harry think she too look as though she could have do with a Pensieve . " Rita Skeeter , " she mutter finally . " how can you be worry about her now ? " say Ron , in utter disbelief . " I be not worry about her , " Hermione say to her knee . " I be just think ... remember what she say to me in the three Broomsticks ? ' I know thing about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl . ' this be what she mean , be n't it ? she report his trial , she know he have pass information to the Death Eaters . and Winky too , remember ... ' Ludo Bagman be a bad wizard . ' Mr. Crouch would have be furious he get off , he would have talk about it at home . " " yeah , but Bagman do n't pass information on purpose , do he ? " Hermione shrug . " and Fudge reckon Madame Maxime attack Crouch ? " Ron say , turn back to Harry . " yeah , " say Harry , " but he be only say that because Crouch disappear near the Beauxbatons carriage . " " we never think of her , do we ? " say Ron slowly . " mind you , she be definitely get giant blood , and she do n't want to admit it -- " " of course she do n't , " say Hermione sharply , look up . " look what happen to Hagrid when Rita find out about his mother . look at Fudge , jump to conclusion about her , just because she 's part giant . who need that sort of prejudice ? I will probably say I have big bone if I know that be what I will get for tell the truth . " Hermione look at her watch . " we have n't do any practicing ! " she say , look shock . " we be go to do the Impediment Curse ! we will have to really get down to it tomorrow ! come on , Harry , you need to get some sleep . " Harry and Ron go slowly upstairs to their dormitory . as Harry pull on his pajamas , he look over at Neville 's bed . true to his word to Dumbledore , he have not tell Ron and Hermione about Neville 's parent . as Harry take off his glass and climb into his four-poster , he imagine how it must feel to have parent still live but unable to recognize you . he often get sympathy from stranger for be an orphan , but as he listen to Neville 's snore , he think that Neville deserve it more than he do . lie in the darkness , Harry feel a rush of anger and hate toward the people who have torture Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom ... he remember the jeer of the crowd as Crouch 's son and his companion have be drag from the court by the dementors ... he understand how they have feel ... then he remember the milk-white face of the scream boy and realize with a jolt that he have die a year later ... it be Voldemort , Harry think , stare up at the canopy of his bed in the darkness , it all come back to Voldemort ... he be the one who have tear these family apart , who have ruin all these life ... Ron and Hermione be suppose to be study for their exam , which would finish on the day of the third task , but they be put most of their effort into help Harry prepare . " do n't worry about it , " Hermione say shortly when Harry point this out to them and say he do n't mind practice on his own for a while , " at least we will get top mark in Defense against the dark art . we will never have find out about all these hex in class . " " good training for when we be all Aurors , " say Ron excitedly , attempt the Impediment Curse on a wasp that have buzz into the room and make it stop dead in midair . the mood in the castle as they enter June become excited and tense again . everyone be look forward to the third task , which would take place a week before the end of term . Harry be practice hex at every available moment . he feel more confident about this task than either of the other . difficult and dangerous though it would undoubtedly be , Moody be right : Harry have manage to find his way past monstrous creature and enchant barrier before now , and this time he have some notice , some chance to prepare himself for what lie ahead . tired of walk in on Harry , Hermione , and Ron all over the school , Professor McGonagall have give them permission to use the empty transfiguration classroom at lunchtimes . Harry have soon master the Impediment Curse , a spell to slow down and obstruct attacker ; the Reductor Curse , which would enable him to blast solid object out of his way ; and the Four-Point Spell , a useful discovery of Hermione be that would make his wand point due north , therefore enable him to check whether he be go in the right direction within the maze . he be still have trouble with the Shield Charm , though . this be suppose to cast a temporary , invisible wall around himself that deflect minor curse ; Hermione manage to shatter it with a well-place Jelly-Legs Jinx , and Harry wobble around the room for ten minute afterward before she have look up the counter-jinx . " you be still do really well , though , " Hermione say encouragingly , look down her list and cross off those spell they have already learn . " some of these be bind to come in handy . " " come and look at this , " say Ron , who be stand by the window . he be stare down onto the ground . " what be Malfoy do ? " Harry and Hermione go to see . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be stand in the shadow of a tree below . Crabbe and Goyle seem to be keep a lookout ; both be smirk . Malfoy be hold his hand up to his mouth and speak into it . " he look like he be use a walkie-talkie , " say Harry curiously . " he ca n't be , " say Hermione , " I have tell you , those sort of thing do n't work around Hogwarts . come on , Harry , " she add briskly , turn away from the window and move back into the middle of the room , " let be try that Shield Charm again . " Sirius be send daily owl now . like Hermione , he seem to want to concentrate on get Harry through the last task before they concern themselves with anything else . he remind Harry in every letter that whatever might be go on outside the wall of Hogwarts be not Harry 's responsibility , nor be it within his power to influence it . if Voldemort be really get stronger again , he write , my priority be to ensure your safety . he can hope to lay hand on you while you be under Dumbledore 's protection , but all the same , take no risks:Concentrate on get through that maze safely , and then we can turn our attention to other matter . Harry 's nerve mount as June the twenty-fourth draw close , but they be not as bad as those he have feel before the first and second task . for one thing , he be confident that , this time , he have do everything in his power to prepare for the task . for another , this be the final hurdle , and however well or badly he do , the tournament would at last be over , which would be an enormous relief . breakfast be a very noisy affair at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the third task . the post owl appear , bring Harry a good-luck card from Sirius . it be only a piece of parchment , fold over and bear a muddy paw print on its front , but Harry appreciate it all the same . a screech owl arrive for Hermione , carry her morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual . she unfold the paper , glance at the front page , and spit out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it . " what ? " say Harry and Ron together , stare at her . " nothing , " say Hermione quickly , try to shove the paper out of sight , but Ron grab it . he stare at the headline and say , " no way . not today . that old cow . " " what ? " say Harry . " Rita Skeeter again ? " " no , " say Ron , and just like Hermione , he attempt to push the paper out of sight . " it be about me , be n't it ? " say Harry . " no , " say Ron , in an entirely unconvincing tone . but before Harry could demand to see the paper , Draco Malfoy shout across the Great Hall from the Slytherin table . " hey , Potter ! Potter ! how be your head ? you feel all right ? sure you be not go to go berserk on us ? " Malfoy be hold a copy of the Daily Prophet too . Slytherins up and down the table be snigger , twist in their seat to see Harry 's reaction . " let me see it , " Harry say to Ron . " give it here . " very reluctantly , Ron hand over the newspaper . Harry turn it over and find himself stare at his own picture , beneath the banner headline : harry Potter " DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS " the boy who defeat He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be unstable and possibly dangerous , write Rita Skeeter , special Correspondent . alarming evidence have recently come to light about Harry Potter 's strange behavior , which cast doubt upon his suitability to compete in a demand competition like the Triwizard Tournament , or even to attend Hogwarts School . Potter , the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal , regularly collapse at school , and be often hear to complain of pain in the scar on his forehead ( relic of the curse with which You-Know-Who attempt to kill him ) . on Monday last , midway through a Divination lesson , your Daily Prophet reporter witness Potter storm from the class , claim that his scar be hurt too badly to continue study . it be possible , say top expert at St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries , that Potter 's brain be affect by the attack inflict upon him by You-Know-Who , and that his insistence that the scar be still hurt be an expression of his deep-seated confusion . " he might even be pretend , " say one specialist . " this could be a plea for attention . " the Daily Prophet , however , have unearth worrying fact about Harry Potter that Albus Dumbledore , Headmaster of Hogwarts , have carefully conceal from the wizarding public . " Potter can speak Parseltongue , " reveal Draco Malfoy , a Hogwarts fourth year . " there be a lot of attack on student a couple of year ago , and most people think Potter be behind them after they see him lose his temper at a dueling club and set a snake on another boy . it be all hush up , though . but he have make friend with werewolf and giant too . we think he will do anything for a bit of power . " Parseltongue , the ability to converse with snake , have long be consider a dark art . indeed , the most famous Parselmouth of our time be none other than You-Know-Who himself . a member of the Dark Force Defense League , who wish to remain unnamed , state that he would regard any wizard who could speak Parseltongue " as worthy of investigation . personally , I would be highly suspicious of anybody who could converse with snake , as serpent be often use in the bad kind of Dark Magic , and be historically associate with evildoer . " similarly , " anyone who seek out the company of such vicious creature as werewolf and giant would appear to have a fondness for violence . " Albus Dumbledore should surely consider whether a boy such as this should be allow to compete in the Triwizard Tournament . some fear that Potter might resort to the dark art in his desperation to win the tournament , the third task of which take place this evening . " go off me a bit , have n't she ? " say Harry lightly , fold up the paper . over at the Slytherin table , Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be laugh at him , tap their head with their finger , pull grotesquely mad face , and waggle their tongue like snake . " how do she know your scar hurt in Divination ? " Ron say . " there be no way she be there , there be no way she could have hear -- " " the window be open , " say Harry . " I open it to breathe . " " you be at the top of North Tower ! " Hermione say . " your voice could n't have carry all the way down to the ground ! " " well , you be the one who be suppose to be research magical method of bug ! " say Harry . " you tell me how she do it ! " " I have be try ! " say Hermione . " but I ... but ... " an odd , dreamy expression suddenly come over Hermione 's face . she slowly raise a hand and run her finger through her hair . " be you all right ? " say Ron , frown at her . " yes , " say Hermione breathlessly . she run her finger through her hair again , and then hold her hand up to her mouth , as though speak into an invisible walkie-talkie . Harry and Ron stare at each other . " I have have an idea , " Hermione say , gaze into space . " I think I know ... because then no one would be able to see ... even moody ... and she will have be able to get onto the window ledge ... but she be not allow ... she be definitely not allow ... I think we have get her ! just give me two second in the library -- just to make sure ! " with that , Hermione seize her school bag and dash out of the Great Hall . " Oi ! " Ron call after her . " we have get our history of Magic exam in ten minute ! Blimey , " he say , turn back to Harry , " she must really hate that Skeeter woman to risk miss the start of an exam . what be you go to do in Binns 's class -- read again ? " exempt from the end-of-term test as a Triwizard champion , Harry have be sit in the back of every exam class so far , look up fresh hex for the third task . " S'pose so , " Harry say to Ron ; but just then , Professor McGonagall come walk alongside the Gryffindor table toward him . " Potter , the champion be congregate in the chamber off the Hall after breakfast , " she say . " but the task be not till tonight ! " say Harry , accidentally spill scrambled egg down his front , afraid he have mistake the time . " I be aware of that , Potter , " she say . " the champion ' family be invite to watch the final task , you know . this be simply a chance for you to greet them . " she move away . Harry gape after her . " she do n't expect the Dursley to turn up , do she ? " he ask Ron blankly . " dunno , " say Ron . " Harry , I will well hurry , I be go to be late for Binns . see you later . " Harry finish his breakfast in the empty Great Hall . he see Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as he cross to the side chamber and enter . Krum slouch off to join them shortly afterward . Harry stay where he be . he really do n't want to go into the chamber . he have no family -- no family who would turn up to see him risk his life , anyway . but just as he be get up , think that he might as well go up to the library and do a spot more hex research , the door of the side chamber open , and Cedric stick his head out . " Harry , come on , they be wait for you ! " utterly perplex , Harry get up . the Dursley could n't possibly be here , could they ? he walk across the Hall and open the door into the chamber . Cedric and his parent be just inside the door . Viktor Krum be over in a corner , converse with his dark-haired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian . he have inherit his father 's hooked nose . on the other side of the room , Fleur be jabber away in French to her mother . Fleur 's little sister , Gabrielle , be hold her mother 's hand . she wave at Harry , who wave back , grin . then he see Mrs. Weasley and Bill standing in front of the fireplace , beam at him . " surprise ! " Mrs. Weasley say excitedly as he smile broadly and walk over to them . " think we will come and watch you , Harry ! " she bend down and kiss him on the cheek . " you all right ? " say Bill , grin at Harry and shake his hand . " Charlie want to come , but he could n't get time off . he say you be incredible against the horntail . " Fleur Delacour , Harry notice , be eye bill with great interest over her mother 's shoulder . Harry could tell she have no objection whatsoever to long hair or earring with fang on them . " this be really nice of you , " Harry mutter to Mrs. Weasley . " I think for a moment -- the Dursley -- " " hmm , " say Mrs. Weasley , purse her lip . she have always refrain from criticize the Dursley in front of Harry , but her eye flash every time they be mention . " it be great be back here , " say Bill , look around the chamber ( Violet , the Fat Lady 's friend , wink at him from her frame ) . " have n't see this place for five year . be that picture of the mad knight still around ? Sir Cadogan ? " " oh yeah , " say Harry , who have meet Sir Cadogan the previous year . " and the Fat Lady ? " say Bill . " she be here in my time , " say Mrs. Weasley . " she give me such a tell off one night when I get back to the dormitory at four in the morning -- " " what be you do out of your dormitory at four in the morning ? " say Bill , survey his mother with amazement . Mrs. Weasley grin , her eye twinkling . " your father and I have be for a nighttime stroll , " she say . " he get catch by Apollyon Pringle -- he be the caretaker in those day -- your father be still get the mark . " " fancy give us a tour , Harry ? " say Bill . " yeah , okay , " say Harry , and they make their way back toward the door into the Great Hall . as they pass Amos Diggory , he look around . " there you be , be you ? " he say , look Harry up and down . " bet you be not feel quite as full of yourself now Cedric have catch you up on point , be you ? " " what ? " say Harry . " ignore him , " say Cedric in a low voice to Harry , frown after his father . " he have be angry ever since Rita Skeeter 's article about the Triwizard Tournament -- you know , when she make out you be the only Hogwarts champion . " " do n't bother to correct her , though , do he ? " say Amos Diggory , loudly enough for Harry to hear as he start to walk out of the door with Mrs. Weasley and Bill . " still ... you will show him , Ced . beat him once before , have n't you ? " " Rita Skeeter go out of her way to cause trouble , Amos ! " Mrs. Weasley say angrily . " I would have think you will know that , work at the Ministry ! " Mr. Diggory look as though he be go to say something angry , but his wife lay a hand on his arm , and he merely shrug and turn away . Harry have a very enjoyable morning walk over the sunny ground with Bill and Mrs. Weasley , show them the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang ship . Mrs. Weasley be intrigue by the Whomping Willow , which have be plant after she have leave school , and reminisce at length about the gamekeeper before Hagrid , a man call Ogg . " how be Percy ? " Harry ask as they walk around the greenhouse . " not good , " say Bill . " he be very upset , " say Mrs. Weasley , lower her voice and glance around . " the Ministry want to keep Mr. Crouch 's disappearance quiet , but Percy have be haul in for question about the instruction Mr. Crouch have be send in . they seem to think there be a chance they be n't genuinely write by him . Percy have be under a lot of strain . they be not let him fill in for Mr. Crouch as the fifth judge tonight . Cornelius Fudge be go to be do it . " they return to the castle for lunch . " mum -- bill ! " say Ron , look stun , as he join the Gryffindor table . " what be you do here ? " " come to watch Harry in the last task ! " say Mrs. Weasley brightly . " I must say , it make a lovely change , not have to cook . how be your exam ? " " oh ... okay , " say Ron . " could n't remember all the goblin rebel ' name , so I invent a few . it be all right , " he say , help himself to a Cornish pasty , while Mrs. Weasley look stern , " they be all call stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the unclean ; it be n't hard . " Fred , George , and Ginny come to sit next to them too , and Harry be have such a good time he feel almost as though he be back at the Burrow ; he have forget to worry about that evening 's task , and not until Hermione turn up , halfway through lunch , do he remember that she have have a brainwave about Rita Skeeter . " be you go to tell us -- ? " Hermione shake her head warningly and glance at Mrs. Weasley . " hello , Hermione , " say Mrs. Weasley , much more stiffly than usual . " hello , " say Hermione , her smile falter at the cold expression on Mrs. Weasley 's face . Harry look between them , then say , " Mrs. Weasley , you do n't believe that rubbish Rita Skeeter write in Witch Weekly , do you ? because Hermione be not my girlfriend . " " oh ! " say Mrs. Weasley . " no -- of course I do n't ! " but she become considerably warm toward Hermione after that . Harry , Bill , and Mrs. Weasley whil away the afternoon with a long walk around the castle , and then return to the Great Hall for the evening feast . ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge have join the staff table now . bagman look quite cheerful , but Cornelius Fudge , who be sit next to Madame Maxime , look stern and be not talk . Madame Maxime be concentrate on her plate , and Harry think her eye look red . Hagrid keep glance along the table at her . there be more course than usual , but Harry , who be start to feel really nervous now , do n't eat much . as the enchant ceiling overhead begin to fade from blue to a dusky purple , Dumbledore rise to his foot at the staff table , and silence fall . " lady and gentleman , in five minute ' time , I will be ask you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament . will the champion please follow Mr. Bagman down to the stadium now . " Harry get up . the Gryffindors all along the table be applaud him ; the Weasleys and Hermione all wish him good luck , and he head off out of the Great Hall with Cedric , Fleur , and Viktor . " feel all right , Harry ? " bagman ask as they go down the stone step onto the ground . " confident ? " " I be okay , " say Harry . it be sort of true ; he be nervous , but he keep run over all the hex and spell he have be practice in his mind as they walk , and the knowledge that he could remember them all make him feel well . they walk onto the Quidditch field , which be now completely unrecognizable . a twenty-foot-high hedge run all the way around the edge of it . there be a gap right in front of them : the entrance to the vast maze . the passage beyond it look dark and creepy . five minute later , the stand have begin to fill ; the air be full of excited voice and the rumble of foot as the hundred of student file into their seat . the sky be a deep , clear blue now , and the first star be start to appear . Hagrid , Professor Moody , Professor McGonagall , and Professor Flitwick come walk into the stadium and approach Bagman and the champion . they be wear large , red , luminous star on their hat , all except Hagrid , who have his on the back of his moleskin vest . " we be go to be patrol the outside of the maze , " say Professor McGonagall to the champion . " if you get into difficulty , and wish to be rescue , send red spark into the air , and one of us will come and get you , do you understand ? " the champion nod . " off you go , then ! " say Bagman brightly to the four patroller . " good luck , Harry , " Hagrid whisper , and the four of them walk away in different direction , to station themselves around the maze . bagman now point his wand at his throat , mutter , " Sonorus , " and his magically magnify voice echo into the stand . " lady and gentleman , the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament be about to begin ! let me remind you how the point currently stand ! tie in first place , with eighty-five point each -- Mr. Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter , both of Hogwarts School ! " the cheer and applause send bird from the Forbidden Forest flutter into the darken sky . " in second place , with eighty point -- Mr. Viktor Krum , of Durmstrang Institute ! " more applause . " and in third place -- Miss Fleur Delacour , of Beauxbatons Academy ! " Harry could just make out Mrs. Weasley , Bill , Ron , and Hermione applaud Fleur politely , halfway up the stand . he wave up at them , and they wave back , beam at him . " so ... on my whistle , Harry and Cedric ! " say Bagman . " three -- two -- one -- " he give a short blast on his whistle , and Harry and Cedric hurry forward into the maze . the towering hedge cast black shadow across the path , and , whether because they be so tall and thick or because they have be enchant , the sound of the surrounding crowd be silence the moment they enter the maze . Harry feel almost as though he be underwater again . he pull out his wand , mutter , " Lumos , " and hear Cedric do the same just behind him . after about fifty yard , they reach a fork . they look at each other . " see you , " Harry say , and he take the left one , while Cedric take the right . Harry hear Bagman 's whistle for the second time . Krum have enter the maze . Harry speed up . his chosen path seem completely desert . he turn right , and hurry on , hold his wand high over his head , try to see as far ahead as possible . still , there be nothing in sight . bagman 's whistle blow in the distance for the third time . all of the champion be now inside . Harry keep look behind him . the old feeling that he be be watch be upon him . the maze be grow dark with every pass minute as the sky overhead deepen to navy . he reach a second fork . " point me , " he whisper to his wand , hold it flat in his palm . the wand spin around once and point toward his right , into solid hedge . that way be north , and he know that he need to go northwest for the center of the maze . the good he could do be to take the leave fork and go right again as soon as possible . the path ahead be empty too , and when Harry reach a right turn and take it , he again find his way unblocked . Harry do n't know why , but the lack of obstacle be unnerve him . surely he should have meet something by now ? it feel as though the maze be lure him into a false sense of security . then he hear movement right behind him . he hold out his wand , ready to attack , but its beam fall only upon Cedric , who have just hurry out of a path on the right-hand side . Cedric look severely shake . the sleeve of his robe be smoke . " Hagrid 's Blast-Ended Skrewts ! " he hiss . " they be enormous -- I only just get away ! " he shake his head and dive out of sight , along another path . keen to put plenty of distance between himself and the skrewts , Harry hurry off again . then , as he turn a corner , he see ... a dementor glide toward him . twelve foot tall , its face hide by its hood , its rot , scab hand outstretch , it advance , sense its way blindly toward him . Harry could hear its rattle breath ; he feel clammy coldness steal over him , but know what he have to do ... he summon the happy thought he could , concentrate with all his might on the thought of get out of the maze and celebrate with Ron and Hermione , raise his wand , and cry , " Expecto Patronum ! " a silver stag erupt from the end of Harry 's wand and gallop toward the dementor , which fall back and trip over the hem of its robe ... Harry have never see a dementor stumble . " hang on ! " he shout , advance in the wake of his silver Patronus . " you be a boggart ! Riddikulus ! " there be a loud crack , and the shape-shifter explode in a wisp of smoke . the silver stag fade from sight . Harry wish it could have stay , he could have use some company ... but he move on , quickly and quietly as possible , listen hard , his wand hold high once more . leave ... right ... leave again ... twice he find himself face dead end . he do the Four-Point Spell again and find that he be go too far east . he turn back , take a right turn , and see an odd golden mist float ahead of him . Harry approach it cautiously , point the wand 's beam at it . this look like some kind of enchantment . he wonder whether he might be able to blast it out of the way . " Reducto ! " he say . the spell shoot straight through the mist , leave it intact . he suppose he should have know well ; the Reductor Curse be for solid object . what would happen if he walk through the mist ? be it worth chance it , or should he double back ? he be still hesitate when a scream shatter the silence . " Fleur ? " Harry yell . there be silence . he stare all around him . what have happen to her ? her scream seem to have come from somewhere ahead . he take a deep breath and run through the enchant mist . the world turn upside down . Harry be hang from the ground , with his hair on end , his glass dangle off his nose , threaten to fall into the bottomless sky . he clutch them to the end of his nose and hang there , terrify . it feel as though his foot be glue to the grass , which have now become the ceiling . below him the dark , star-spangled heaven stretch endlessly . he feel as though if he try to move one of his foot , he would fall away from the earth completely . think , he tell himself , as all the blood rush to his head , think ... but not one of the spell he have practice have be design to combat a sudden reversal of ground and sky . do he dare move his foot ? he could hear the blood pound in his ear . he have two choice -- try and move , or send up red spark , and get rescue and disqualify from the task . he shut his eye , so he would n't be able to see the view of endless space below him , and pull his right foot as hard as he could away from the grassy ceiling . immediately , the world right itself . Harry fall forward onto his knee onto the wonderfully solid ground . he feel temporarily limp with shock . he take a deep , steady breath , then get up again and hurry forward , look back over his shoulder as he run away from the golden mist , which twinkle innocently at him in the moonlight . he pause at a junction of two path and look around for some sign of Fleur . he be sure it have be she who have scream . what have she meet ? be she all right ? there be no sign of red spark -- do that mean she have get herself out of trouble , or be she in such trouble that she could n't reach her wand ? Harry take the right fork with a feeling of increase unease ... but at the same time , he could n't help think , one champion down ... the cup be somewhere close by , and it sound as though Fleur be no longer in the running . he have get this far , have n't he ? what if he actually manage to win ? fleetingly , and for the first time since he have find himself champion , he see again that image of himself , raise the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest of the school ... he meet nothing for ten minute , but keep run into dead end . twice he take the same wrong turning . finally , he find a new route and start to jog along it , his wandlight wave , make his shadow flicker and distort on the hedge wall . then he round another corner and find himself face a Blast-Ended Skrewt . Cedric be right -- it be enormous . ten foot long , it look more like a giant scorpion than anything . its long sting be curl over its back . its thick armor glint in the light from Harry 's wand , which he point at it . " stupefy ! " the spell hit the skrewt 's armor and rebounded ; Harry duck just in time , but could smell burn hair ; it have singe the top of his head . the skrewt issue a blast of fire from its end and fly forward toward him . " impedimenta ! " Harry yell . the spell hit the skrewt 's armor again and ricochet off ; Harry stagger back a few pace and fall over . " impedimenta ! " the skrewt be inch from him when it freeze -- he have manage to hit it on its fleshy , shell-less underside . pant , Harry push himself away from it and run , hard , in the opposite direction -- the Impediment Curse be not permanent ; the skrewt would be regain the use of its leg at any moment . he take a leave path and hit a dead end , a right , and hit another ; force himself to stop , heart hammering , he perform the Four-Point Spell again , backtrack , and choose a path that would take him northwest . he have be hurry along the new path for a few minute , when he hear something in the path run parallel to his own that make him stop dead . " what be you do ? " yell Cedric 's voice . " what the hell d'you think you be do ? " and then Harry hear Krum 's voice . " Crucio ! " the air be suddenly full of Cedric 's yell . horrify , Harry begin sprint up his path , try to find a way into Cedric 's . when none appear , he try the Reductor Curse again . it be n't very effective , but it burn a small hole in the hedge through which Harry force his leg , kick at the thick bramble and branch until they break and make an opening ; he struggle through it , tear his robe , and look to his right , see Cedric jerk and twitch on the ground , Krum standing over him . Harry pull himself up and point his wand at Krum just as Krum look up . Krum turn and begin to run . " stupefy ! " Harry yell . the spell hit Krum in the back ; he stop dead in his track , fall forward , and lay motionless , facedown in the grass . Harry dash over to Cedric , who have stop twitch and be lie there pant , his hand over his face . " be you all right ? " Harry say roughly , grab Cedric 's arm . " yeah , " pant Cedric . " yeah ... I do n't believe it ... he creep up behind me ... I hear him , I turn around , and he have his wand on me ... " Cedric get up . he be still shake . he and Harry look down at Krum . " I ca n't believe this ... I think he be all right , " Harry say , stare at Krum . " so do I , " say Cedric . " do you hear Fleur scream earlier ? " say Harry . " yeah , " say Cedric . " you do n't think Krum get her too ? " " I do n't know , " say Harry slowly . " should we leave him here ? " Cedric mutter . " no , " say Harry . " I reckon we should send up red spark . someone will come and collect him ... otherwise he will probably be eat by a skrewt . " " he will deserve it , " Cedric mutter , but all the same , he raise his wand and shoot a shower of red spark into the air , which hover high above Krum , mark the spot where he lie . Harry and Cedric stand there in the darkness for a moment , look around them . then Cedric say , " well ... I s'pose we will well go on ... " " what ? " say Harry . " oh ... yeah ... right ... " it be an odd moment . he and Cedric have be briefly unite against Krum -- now the fact that they be opponent come back to Harry . the two of them proceed up the dark path without speaking , then Harry turn leave , and Cedric right . Cedric 's footstep soon die away . Harry move on , continue to use the Four-Point Spell , make sure he be move in the right direction . it be between him and Cedric now . his desire to reach the cup first be now burn strong than ever , but he could hardly believe what he have just see Krum do . the use of an unforgivable curse on a fellow human be mean a life term in Azkaban , that be what Moody have tell them . Krum surely could n't have want the Triwizard Cup that badly ... Harry speed up . every so often he hit more dead end , but the increase darkness make him feel sure he be get near the heart of the maze . then , as he stride down a long , straight path , he see movement once again , and his beam of wandlight hit an extraordinary creature , one which he have only see in picture form , in his Monster Book of Monsters . it be a sphinx . it have the body of an over-large lion : great claw paw and a long yellowish tail end in a brown tuft . its head , however , be that of a woman . she turn her long , almond-shaped eye upon Harry as he approach . he raise his wand , hesitate . she be not crouch as if to spring , but pace from side to side of the path , block his progress . then she speak , in a deep , hoarse voice . " you be very near your goal . the quick way be past me . " " so ... so will you move , please ? " say Harry , know what the answer be go to be . " no , " she say , continue to pace . " not unless you can answer my riddle . answer on your first guess -- I let you pass . answer wrongly -- I attack . remain silent -- I will let you walk away from me unscathed . " Harry 's stomach slip several notch . it be Hermione who be good at this sort of thing , not him . he weigh his chance . if the riddle be too hard , he could keep silent , get away from the sphinx unharmed , and try and find an alternative route to the center . " okay , " he say . " can I hear the riddle ? " the sphinx sit down upon her hind leg , in the very middle of the path , and recite : " first think of the person who live in disguise , who deal in secret and tell naught but lie . next , tell me what be always the last thing to mend , the middle of middle and end of the end ? and finally give me the sound often hear during the search for a hard-to-find word . now string them together , and answer me this , which creature would you be unwilling to kiss ? " Harry gape at her . " could I have it again ... more slowly ? " he ask tentatively . she blink at him , smile , and repeat the poem . " all the clue add up to a creature I would n't want to kiss ? " Harry ask . she merely smile her mysterious smile . Harry take that for a " yes . " Harry cast his mind around . there be plenty of animal he would n't want to kiss ; his immediate thought be a Blast-Ended Skrewt , but something tell him that be n't the answer . he will have to try and work out the clue ... " a person in disguise , " Harry mutter , stare at her , " who lie ... er ... that will be a -- an imposter . no , that be not my guess ! a -- a spy ? I will come back to that ... could you give me the next clue again , please ? " she repeat the next line of the poem . " ' the last thing to mend , ' " Harry repeat . " er ... no idea ... ' middle of middle ' ... could I have the last bit again ? " she give him the last four line . " ' the sound often hear during the search for a hard-to-find word , ' " say Harry . " er ... that will be ... er ... hang on -- ' er ' ! er be a sound ! " the sphinx smile at him . " spy ... er ... spy ... er ... " say Harry , pace up and down . " a creature I would n't want to kiss ... a spider ! " the sphinx smile more broadly . she get up , stretch her front leg , and then move aside for him to pass . " thanks ! " say Harry , and , amaze at his own brilliance , he dash forward . he have to be close now , he have to be ... his wand be tell him he be bang on course ; as long as he do n't meet anything too horrible , he might have a chance ... Harry break into a run . he have a choice of path up ahead . " point me ! " he whisper again to his wand , and it spin around and point him to the right-hand one . he dash up this one and see light ahead . the Triwizard Cup be gleam on a plinth a hundred yard away . suddenly a dark figure hurtle out onto the path in front of him . Cedric be go to get there first . Cedric be sprint as fast as he could toward the cup , and Harry know he would never catch up , Cedric be much tall , have much long leg - then Harry see something immense over a hedge to his left , move quickly along a path that intersect with his own ; it be move so fast Cedric be about to run into it , and Cedric , his eye on the cup , have not see it - " Cedric ! " Harry bellow . " on your left ! " Cedric look around just in time to hurl himself past the thing and avoid collide with it , but in his haste , he trip . Harry see Cedric 's wand fly out of his hand as a gigantic spider step into the path and begin to bear down upon Cedric . " stupefy ! " Harry yell ; the spell hit the spider 's gigantic , hairy black body , but for all the good it do , he might as well have throw a stone at it ; the spider jerk , scuttle around , and run at Harry instead . " stupefy ! impedimenta ! stupefy ! " but it be no use -- the spider be either so large , or so magical , that the spell be do no more than aggravate it . Harry have one horrify glimpse of eight shine black eye and razor-sharp pincers before it be upon him . he be lift into the air in its front leg ; struggle madly , he try to kick it ; his leg connect with the pincers and next moment he be in excruciating pain . he could hear Cedric yell " Stupefy ! " too , but his spell have no more effect than Harry 's -- Harry raise his wand as the spider open its pincers once more and shout " Expelliarmus ! " it work -- the Disarming Spell make the spider drop him , but that mean that Harry fall twelve foot onto his already injure leg , which crumple beneath him . without pause to think , he aim high at the spider 's underbelly , as he have do with the skrewt , and shout " Stupefy ! " just as Cedric yell the same thing . the two spell combine do what one alone have not : the spider keel over sideways , flatten a nearby hedge , and strew the path with a tangle of hairy leg . " Harry ! " he hear Cedric shouting . " you all right ? do it fall on you ? " " no , " Harry call back , pant . he look down at his leg . it be bleed freely . he could see some sort of thick , gluey secretion from the spider 's pincers on his torn robe . he try to get up , but his leg be shake badly and do not want to support his weight . he lean against the hedge , gasp for breath , and look around . Cedric be stand foot from the Triwizard Cup , which be gleam behind him . " take it , then , " Harry pant to Cedric . " go on , take it . you be there . " but Cedric do n't move . he merely stand there , look at Harry . then he turn to stare at the cup . Harry see the longing expression on his face in its golden light . Cedric look around at Harry again , who be now hold onto the hedge to support himself . Cedric take a deep breath . " you take it . you should win . that be twice you have save my neck in here . " " that be not how it be suppose to work , " Harry say . he feel angry ; his leg be very painful , he be ache all over from try to throw off the spider , and after all his effort , Cedric have beat him to it , just as he have beat Harry to ask Cho to the ball . " the one who reach the cup first get the point . that be you . I be tell you , I be not go to win any race on this leg . " Cedric take a few pace near to the stun spider , away from the cup , shake his head . " no , " he say . " stop be noble , " say Harry irritably . " just take it , then we can get out of here . " Cedric watch Harry steady himself , hold tight to the hedge . " you tell me about the dragon , " Cedric say . " I would have go down in the first task if you have n't tell me what be come . " " I have help on that too , " Harry snap , try to mop up his bloody leg with his robe . " you help me with the egg -- we be square . " " I have help on the egg in the first place , " say Cedric . " we be still square , " say Harry , test his leg gingerly ; it shake violently as he put weight on it ; he have sprain his ankle when the spider have drop him . " you should have get more point on the second task , " say Cedric mulishly . " you stay behind to get all the hostage . I should have do that . " " I be the only one who be thick enough to take that song seriously ! " say Harry bitterly . " just take the cup ! " " no , " say Cedric . he step over the spider 's tangled leg to join Harry , who stare at him . Cedric be serious . he be walk away from the sort of glory Hufflepuff House have n't have in century . " go on , " Cedric say . he look as though this be cost him every ounce of resolution he have , but his face be set , his arm be fold , he seem decide . Harry look from Cedric to the cup . for one shine moment , he see himself emerge from the maze , hold it . he see himself hold the Triwizard Cup aloft , hear the roar of the crowd , see Cho 's face shine with admiration , more clearly than he have ever see it before ... and then the picture fade , and he find himself stare at Cedric 's shadowy , stubborn face . " both of us , " Harry say . " what ? " " we will take it at the same time . it be still a Hogwarts victory . we will tie for it . " Cedric stare at Harry . he unfold his arm . " you -- you sure ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " yeah ... we have help each other out , have n't we ? we both get here . Let 's just take it together . " for a moment , Cedric look as though he could n't believe his ear ; then his face split in a grin . " you be on , " he say . " come here . " he grab Harry 's arm below the shoulder and help Harry limp toward the plinth where the cup stand . when they have reach it , they both hold a hand out over one of the cup 's gleam handle . " on three , right ? " say Harry . " one -- two -- three -- " he and Cedric both grasp a handle . instantly , Harry feel a jerk somewhere behind his navel . his foot have leave the ground . he could not unclench the hand hold the Triwizard Cup ; it be pull him onward in a howl of wind and swirling color , Cedric at his side . Chapter @card@ Flesh , Blood , and Bone Harry feel his foot slam into the ground ; his injured leg give way , and he fall forward ; his hand let go of the Triwizard Cup at last . he raise his head . " where be we ? " he say . Cedric shake his head . he get up , pull Harry to his foot , and they look around . they have leave the Hogwarts ground completely ; they have obviously travel mile -- perhaps hundred of mile -- for even the mountain surround the castle be go . they be stand instead in a dark and overgrow graveyard ; the black outline of a small church be visible beyond a large yew tree to their right . a hill rise above them to their left . Harry could just make out the outline of a fine old house on the hillside . Cedric look down at the Triwizard Cup and then up at Harry . " do anyone tell you the cup be a Portkey ? " he ask . " Nope , " say Harry . he be look around the graveyard . it be completely silent and slightly eerie . " be this suppose to be part of the task ? " " I dunno , " say Cedric . he sound slightly nervous . " wand out , d'you reckon ? " " yeah , " say Harry , glad that Cedric have make the suggestion rather than him . they pull out their wand . Harry keep look around him . he have , yet again , the strange feeling that they be be watch . " someone be come , " he say suddenly . squint tensely through the darkness , they watch the figure draw near , walk steadily toward them between the grave . Harry could n't make out a face , but from the way it be walk and hold its arm , he could tell that it be carry something . whoever it be , he be short , and wear a hooded cloak pull up over his head to obscure his face . and -- several pace near , the gap between them close all the time -- Harry see that the thing in the person 's arm look like a baby ... or be it merely a bundle of robe ? Harry lower his wand slightly and glance sideways at Cedric . Cedric shoot him a quizzical look . they both turn back to watch the approach figure . it stop beside a towering marble headstone , only six foot from them . for a second , Harry and Cedric and the short figure simply look at one another . and then , without warning , Harry 's scar explode with pain . it be agony such as he have never feel in all his life ; his wand slip from his finger as he put his hand over his face ; his knee buckled ; he be on the ground and he could see nothing at all ; his head be about to split open . from far away , above his head , he hear a high , cold voice say , " Kill the spare . " a swish noise and a second voice , which screech the word to the night : " Avada Kedavra ! " a blast of green light blaze through Harry 's eyelid , and he hear something heavy fall to the ground beside him ; the pain in his scar reach such a pitch that he retch , and then it diminish ; terrify of what he be about to see , he open his stinging eye . Cedric be lie spread-eagle on the ground beside him . he be dead . for a second that contain an eternity , Harry stare into Cedric 's face , at his open gray eye , blank and expressionless as the window of a desert house , at his half-open mouth , which look slightly surprise . and then , before Harry 's mind have accept what he be see , before he could feel anything but numb disbelief , he feel himself be pull to his foot . the short man in the cloak have put down his bundle , light his wand , and be drag Harry toward the marble headstone . Harry see the name upon it flicker in the wandlight before he be force around and slam against it . tom Riddle the cloak man be now conjure tight cord around Harry , tie him from neck to ankle to the headstone . Harry could hear shallow , fast breathing from the depth of the hood ; he struggle , and the man hit him -- hit him with a hand that have a finger miss . and Harry realize who be under the hood . it be Wormtail . " you ! " he gasp . but Wormtail , who have finish conjure the rope , do not reply ; he be busy check the tightness of the cord , his finger tremble uncontrollably , fumble over the knot . once sure that Harry be bind so tightly to the headstone that he could n't move an inch , Wormtail draw a length of some black material from the inside of his cloak and stuff it roughly into Harry 's mouth ; then , without a word , he turn from Harry and hurry away . Harry could n't make a sound , nor could he see where Wormtail have go ; he could n't turn his head to see beyond the headstone ; he could see only what be right in front of him . Cedric 's body be lie some twenty foot away . some way beyond him , glint in the starlight , lie the Triwizard Cup . Harry 's wand be on the ground at Cedric 's foot . the bundle of robe that Harry have thought be a baby be close by , at the foot of the grave . it seem to be stir fretfully . Harry watch it , and his scar sear with pain again ... and he suddenly know that he do n't want to see what be in those robe ... he do n't want that bundle open ... he could hear noise at his foot . he look down and see a gigantic snake slither through the grass , circle the headstone where he be tie . Wormtail be fast , wheezy breathing be grow louder again . it sound as though he be force something heavy across the ground . then he come back within Harry 's range of vision , and Harry see him push a stone cauldron to the foot of the grave . it be full of what seem to be water -- Harry could hear it slop around -- and it be large than any cauldron Harry have ever use ; a great stone belly large enough for a full-grown man to sit in . the thing inside the bundle of robe on the ground be stir more persistently , as though it be try to free itself . now Wormtail be busy himself at the bottom of the cauldron with a wand . suddenly there be crackle flame beneath it . the large snake slither away into the darkness . the liquid in the cauldron seem to heat very fast . the surface begin not only to bubble , but to send out fiery spark , as though it be on fire . steam be thicken , blur the outline of Wormtail tend the fire . the movement beneath the robe become more agitate . and Harry hear the high , cold voice again . " hurry ! " the whole surface of the water be alight with spark now . it might have be encrust with diamond . " it be ready , Master . " " now ... " say the cold voice . Wormtail pull open the robe on the ground , reveal what be inside them , and Harry let out a yell that be strangle in the wad of material block his mouth . it be as though Wormtail have flip over a stone and reveal something ugly , slimy , and blind -- but bad , a hundred time worse . the thing Wormtail have be carry have the shape of a crouch human child , except that Harry have never see anything less like a child . it be hairless and scaly-looking , a dark , raw , reddish black . its arm and leg be thin and feeble , and its face -- no child alive ever have a face like that -- flat and snakelike , with gleam red eye . the thing seem almost helpless ; it raise its thin arm , put them around Wormtail 's neck , and Wormtail lift it . as he do so , his hood fall back , and Harry see the look of revulsion on Wormtail 's weak , pale face in the firelight as he carry the creature to the rim of the cauldron . for one moment , Harry see the evil , flat face illuminate in the spark dance on the surface of the potion . and then Wormtail lower the creature into the cauldron ; there be a hiss , and it vanish below the surface ; Harry hear its frail body hit the bottom with a soft thud . let it drown , Harry think , his scar burn almost past endurance , please ... let it drown ... Wormtail be speak . his voice shake ; he seem frightened beyond his wit . he raise his wand , close his eye , and speak to the night . " bone of the father , unknowingly give , you will renew your son ! " the surface of the grave at Harry 's foot crack . horrify , Harry watch as a fine trickle of dust rise into the air at Wormtail 's command and fall softly into the cauldron . the diamond surface of the water break and hiss ; it send spark in all direction and turn a vivid , poisonous-looking blue . and now Wormtail be whimper . he pull a long , thin , shine silver dagger from inside his cloak . his voice break into petrify sob . " flesh -- of the servant -- w-willingly give -- you will -- revive -- your master . " he stretch his right hand out in front of him -- the hand with the missing finger . he grip the dagger very tightly in his leave hand and swing it upward . Harry realize what Wormtail be about to do a second before it happen -- he close his eye as tightly as he could , but he could not block the scream that pierce the night , that go through Harry as though he have be stab with the dagger too . he hear something fall to the ground , hear Wormtail 's anguish pant , then a sickening splash , as something be drop into the cauldron . Harry could n't stand to look ... but the potion have turn a burning red ; the light of it shine through Harry 's closed eyelid ... Wormtail be gasp and moan with agony . not until Harry feel Wormtail 's anguish breath on his face do he realize that Wormtail be right in front of him . " B-blood of the enemy ... forcibly take ... you will ... resurrect your foe . " Harry could do nothing to prevent it , he be tie too tightly ... squint down , struggle hopelessly at the rope bind him , he see the shine silver dagger shake in Wormtail 's remain hand . he feel its point penetrate the crook of his right arm and blood seep down the sleeve of his torn robe . Wormtail , still pant with pain , fumble in his pocket for a glass vial and hold it to Harry 's cut , so that a dribble of blood fall into it . he stagger back to the cauldron with Harry 's blood . he pour it inside . the liquid within turn , instantly , a blinding white . Wormtail , his job do , drop to his knee beside the cauldron , then slump sideways and lay on the ground , cradle the bleed stump of his arm , gasp and sob . the cauldron be simmer , send its diamond spark in all direction , so blindingly bright that it turn all else to velvety blackness . nothing happen ... let it have drown , Harry think , let it have go wrong ... and then , suddenly , the spark emanate from the cauldron be extinguish . a surge of white steam billowed thickly from the cauldron instead , obliterate everything in front of Harry , so that he could n't see Wormtail or Cedric or anything but vapor hanging in the air ... it be go wrong , he think ... it be drown ... please ... please let it be dead ... but then , through the mist in front of him , he see , with an icy surge of terror , the dark outline of a man , tall and skeletally thin , rise slowly from inside the cauldron . " robe me , " say the high , cold voice from behind the steam , and Wormtail , sob and moan , still cradle his mutilate arm , scramble to pick up the black robe from the ground , get to his foot , reach up , and pull them one-handed over his master 's head . the thin man step out of the cauldron , stare at Harry ... and Harry stare back into the face that have haunt his nightmare for three year . white than a skull , with wide , livid scarlet eye and a nose that be flat as a snake be with slit for nostril ... Lord Voldemort have rise again . Chapter @card@ the death Eaters Voldemort look away from Harry and begin examine his own body . his hand be like large , pale spider ; his long white finger caress his own chest , his arm , his face ; the red eye , whose pupil be slit , like a cat 's , gleam still more brightly through the darkness . he hold up his hand and flex the finger , his expression rapt and exultant . he take not the slight notice of Wormtail , who lie twitch and bleed on the ground , nor of the great snake , which have slither back into sight and be circle Harry again , hiss . Voldemort slip one of those unnaturally long-fingered hand into a deep pocket and draw out a wand . he caress it gently too ; and then he raise it , and point it at Wormtail , who be lift off the ground and throw against the headstone where Harry be tie ; he fall to the foot of it and lay there , crumple up and cry . Voldemort turn his scarlet eye upon Harry , laugh a high , cold , mirthless laugh . Wormtail 's robe be shine with blood now ; he have wrap the stump of his arm in them . " My Lord ... " he choke , " my Lord ... you promise ... you do promise ... " " hold out your arm , " say Voldemort lazily . " Oh Master ... thank you , Master ... " he extend the bleeding stump , but Voldemort laugh again . " the other arm , Wormtail . " " master , please ... please ... " Voldemort bend down and pull out Wormtail 's leave arm ; he force the sleeve of Wormtail 's robe up past his elbow , and Harry see something upon the skin there , something like a vivid red tattoo -- a skull with a snake protrude from its mouth -- the image that have appear in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup : the Dark Mark . Voldemort examine it carefully , ignore Wormtail 's uncontrollable weep . " it be back , " he say softly , " they will all have notice it ... and now , we shall see ... now we shall know ... " he press his long white forefinger to the brand on Wormtail 's arm . the scar on Harry 's forehead sear with a sharp pain again , and Wormtail let out a fresh howl ; Voldemort remove his finger from Wormtail 's mark , and Harry see that it have turn jet black . a look of cruel satisfaction on his face , Voldemort straighten up , throw back his head , and stare around at the dark graveyard . " how many will be brave enough to return when they feel it ? " he whisper , his gleam red eye fix upon the star . " and how many will be foolish enough to stay away ? " he begin to pace up and down before Harry and Wormtail , eye sweep the graveyard all the while . after a minute or so , he look down at Harry again , a cruel smile twist his snakelike face . " you stand , Harry Potter , upon the remain of my late father , " he hiss softly . " a Muggle and a fool ... very like your dear mother . but they both have their use , do they not ? your mother die to defend you as a child ... and I kill my father , and see how useful he have prove himself , in death ... " Voldemort laugh again . up and down he pace , look all around him as he walk , and the snake continue to circle in the grass . " you see that house upon the hillside , Potter ? my father live there . my mother , a witch who live here in this village , fall in love with him . but he abandon her when she tell him what she be ... he do n't like magic , my father ... " he leave her and return to his Muggle parent before I be even bear , Potter , and she die give birth to me , leave me to be raise in a Muggle orphanage ... but I vow to find him ... I revenge myself upon him , that fool who give me his name ... Tom Riddle ... " still he pace , his red eye dart from grave to grave . " listen to me , relive family history ... " he say quietly , " why , I be grow quite sentimental ... but look , Harry ! my true family return ... " the air be suddenly full of the swish of cloak . between grave , behind the yew tree , in every shadowy space , wizard be Apparating . all of them be hood and mask . and one by one they move forward ... slowly , cautiously , as though they could hardly believe their eye . Voldemort stand in silence , wait for them . then one of the Death Eaters fall to his knee , crawl toward Voldemort , and kiss the hem of his black robe . " master ... Master ... " he murmur . the Death Eaters behind him do the same ; each of them approach Voldemort on his knee and kiss his robe , before back away and stand up , form a silent circle , which enclose Tom Riddle 's grave , Harry , Voldemort , and the sob and twitch heap that be Wormtail . yet they leave gap in the circle , as though wait for more people . Voldemort , however , do not seem to expect more . he look around at the hooded face , and though there be no wind , a rustle seem to run around the circle , as though it have shiver . " welcome , Death Eaters , " say Voldemort quietly . " thirteen year ... thirteen year since last we meet . yet you answer my call as though it be yesterday ... we be still unite under the Dark Mark , then ! or be we ? " he put back his terrible face and sniff , his slit-like nostril widening . " I smell guilt , " he say . " there be a stench of guilt upon the air . " a second shiver run around the circle , as though each member of it long , but do not dare , to step back from him . " I see you all , whole and healthy , with your power intact -- such prompt appearance ! -- and I ask myself ... why do this band of wizard never come to the aid of their master , to whom they swear eternal loyalty ? " no one speak . no one move except Wormtail , who be upon the ground , still sob over his bleeding arm . " and I answer myself , " whisper Voldemort , " they must have believe me break , they think I be go . they slip back among my enemy , and they plead innocence , and ignorance , and bewitchment ... " and then I ask myself , but how could they have believe I would not rise again ? they , who know the step I take , long ago , to guard myself against mortal death ? they , who have see proof of the immensity of my power in the time when I be mighty than any wizard living ? " and I answer myself , perhaps they believe a still great power could exist , one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemort ... perhaps they now pay allegiance to another ... perhaps that champion of commoner , of Mudbloods and Muggles , Albus Dumbledore ? " at the mention of Dumbledore 's name , the member of the circle stir , and some mutter and shake their head . Voldemort ignore them . " it be a disappointment to me ... I confess myself disappoint ... " one of the man suddenly fling himself forward , break the circle . tremble from head to foot , he collapse at Voldemort 's foot . " master ! " he shriek , " Master , forgive me ! forgive us all ! " Voldemort begin to laugh . he raise his wand . " Crucio ! " the Death Eater on the ground writhe and shriek ; Harry be sure the sound must carry to the house around ... let the police come , he think desperately ... anyone ... anything ... Voldemort raise his wand . the tortured Death Eater lie flat upon the ground , gasp . " get up , Avery , " say Voldemort softly . " stand up . you ask for forgiveness ? I do not forgive . I do not forget . thirteen long year ... I want thirteen year ' repayment before I forgive you . Wormtail here have pay some of his debt already , have you not , Wormtail ? " he look down at Wormtail , who continue to sob . " you return to me , not out of loyalty , but out of fear of your old friend . you deserve this pain , Wormtail . you know that , do n't you ? " " yes , Master , " moan Wormtail , " please , Master ... please ... " " yet you help return me to my body , " say Voldemort coolly , watch Wormtail sob on the ground . " worthless and traitorous as you be , you help me ... and Lord Voldemort reward his helper ... " Voldemort raise his wand again and whirl it through the air . a streak of what look like molten silver hang shine in the wand 's wake . momentarily shapeless , it writhe and then form itself into a gleam replica of a human hand , bright as moonlight , which soar downward and fix itself upon Wormtail 's bleed wrist . Wormtail be sob stop abruptly . his breathe harsh and ragged , he raise his head and stare in disbelief at the silver hand , now attach seamlessly to his arm , as though he be wear a dazzling glove . he flex the shine finger , then , tremble , pick up a small twig on the ground and crush it into powder . " My Lord , " he whisper . " master ... it be beautiful ... thank you ... thank you ... " he scramble forward on his knee and kiss the hem of Voldemort 's robe . " may your loyalty never waver again , Wormtail , " say Voldemort . " no , my Lord ... never , my Lord ... " Wormtail stand up and take his place in the circle , stare at his powerful new hand , his face still shine with tear . Voldemort now approach the man on Wormtail 's right . " Lucius , my slippery friend , " he whisper , halt before him . " I be tell that you have not renounce the old way , though to the world you present a respectable face . you be still ready to take the lead in a spot of Muggle-torture , I believe ? yet you never try to find me , Lucius ... your exploit at the Quidditch World Cup be fun , I daresay ... but might not your energy have be well direct toward find and aid your master ? " " my Lord , I be constantly on the alert , " come Lucius Malfoy 's voice swiftly from beneath the hood . " have there be any sign from you , any whisper of your whereabouts , I would have be at your side immediately , nothing could have prevent me -- " " and yet you run from my Mark , when a faithful Death Eater send it into the sky last summer ? " say Voldemort lazily , and Mr. Malfoy stop talk abruptly . " yes , I know all about that , Lucius ... you have disappoint me ... I expect more faithful service in the future . " " of course , my Lord , of course ... you be merciful , thank you ... " Voldemort move on , and stop , stare at the space -- large enough for two people -- that separate Malfoy and the next man . " the Lestranges should stand here , " say Voldemort quietly . " but they be entomb in Azkaban . they be faithful . they go to Azkaban rather than renounce me ... when Azkaban be break open , the Lestranges will be honor beyond their dream . the dementors will join us ... they be our natural ally ... we will recall the banish giant ... I shall have all my devoted servant return to me , and an army of creature whom all fear ... " he walk on . some of the Death Eaters he pass in silence , but he pause before other and speak to them . " Macnair ... destroy dangerous beast for the Ministry of Magic now , Wormtail tell me ? you shall have good victim than that soon , Macnair . Lord Voldemort will provide ... " " thank you , Master ... thank you , " murmur Macnair . " and here " -- Voldemort move on to the two large hooded figure -- " we have Crabbe ... you will do well this time , will you not , Crabbe ? and you , Goyle ? " they bow clumsily , mutter dully . " yes , Master ... " " we will , Master ... " " the same go for you , Nott , " say Voldemort quietly as he walk past a stoop figure in Mr. Goyle 's shadow . " My Lord , I prostrate myself before you , I be your most faithful -- " " that will do , " say Voldemort . he have reach the large gap of all , and he stand survey it with his blank , red eye , as though he could see people stand there . " and here we have six missing death eater ... three dead in my service . one , too cowardly to return ... he will pay . one , who I believe have leave me forever ... he will be kill , of course ... and one , who remain my most faithful servant , and who have already reenter my service . " the Death Eaters stir , and Harry see their eye dart sideways at one another through their mask . " he be at Hogwarts , that faithful servant , and it be through his effort that our young friend arrive here tonight ... " Yes , " say Voldemort , a grin curl his lipless mouth as the eye of the circle flash in Harry 's direction . " Harry Potter have kindly join us for my rebirthing party . one might go so far as to call him my guest of honor . " there be a silence . then the Death Eater to the right of Wormtail step forward , and Lucius Malfoy 's voice speak from under the mask . " master , we crave to know ... we beg you to tell us ... how you have achieve this ... this miracle ... how you manage to return to us ... " " ah , what a story it be , Lucius , " say Voldemort . " and it begin -- and end -- with my young friend here . " he walk lazily over to stand next to Harry , so that the eye of the whole circle be upon the two of them . the snake continue to circle . " you know , of course , that they have call this boy my downfall ? " Voldemort say softly , his red eye upon Harry , whose scar begin to burn so fiercely that he almost scream in agony . " you all know that on the night I lose my power and my body , I try to kill him . his mother die in the attempt to save him -- and unwittingly provide him with a protection I admit I have not foresee ... I could not touch the boy . " Voldemort raise one of his long white finger and put it very close to Harry 's cheek . " his mother leave upon him the trace of her sacrifice ... this be old magic , I should have remember it , I be foolish to overlook it ... but no matter . I can touch him now . " Harry feel the cold tip of the long white finger touch him , and think his head would burst with the pain . Voldemort laugh softly in his ear , then take the finger away and continue address the Death Eaters . " I miscalculate , my friend , I admit it . my curse be deflect by the woman 's foolish sacrifice , and it rebound upon myself . aaah ... pain beyond pain , my friend ; nothing could have prepare me for it . I be rip from my body , I be less than spirit , less than the mean ghost ... but still , I be alive . what I be , even I do not know ... I , who have go further than anybody along the path that lead to immortality . you know my goal -- to conquer death . and now , I be test , and it appear that one or more of my experiment have work ... for I have not be kill , though the curse should have do it . nevertheless , I be as powerless as the weak creature alive , and without the mean to help myself ... for I have no body , and every spell that might have help me require the use of a wand ... " I remember only force myself , sleeplessly , endlessly , second by second , to exist ... I settle in a faraway place , in a forest , and I wait ... surely , one of my faithful death eater would try and find me ... one of them would come and perform the magic I could not , to restore me to a body ... but I wait in vain ... " the shiver run once more around the circle of listen Death Eaters . Voldemort let the silence spiral horribly before continue . " only one power remain to me . I could possess the body of other . but I dare not go where other human be plentiful , for I know that the Aurors be still abroad and search for me . I sometimes inhabit animal -- snake , of course , be my preference -- but I be little well off inside them than as pure spirit , for their body be ill adapt to perform magic ... and my possession of them shorten their life ; none of them last long ... " then ... four year ago ... the means for my return seem assure . a wizard -- young , foolish , and gullible -- wander across my path in the forest I have make my home . oh , he seem the very chance I have be dream of ... for he be a teacher at Dumbledore 's school ... he be easy to bend to my will ... he bring me back to this country , and after a while , I take possession of his body , to supervise him closely as he carry out my order . but my plan fail . I do not manage to steal the Sorcerer 's Stone . I be not to be assure immortal life . I be thwart ... thwart , once again , by Harry Potter ... " Silence once more ; nothing be stir , not even the leaf on the yew tree . the Death Eaters be quite motionless , the glitter eye in their mask fix upon Voldemort , and upon Harry . " the servant die when I leave his body , and I be leave as weak as ever I have be , " Voldemort continue . " I return to my hiding place far away , and I will not pretend to you that I do n't then fear that I might never regain my power ... Yes , that be perhaps my dark hour ... I could not hope that I would be send another wizard to possess ... and I have give up hope , now , that any of my death eater care what have become of me ... " one or two of the mask wizard in the circle move uncomfortably , but Voldemort take no notice . " and then , not even a year ago , when I have almost abandon hope , it happen at last ... a servant return to me . Wormtail here , who have fake his own death to escape justice , be drive out of hide by those he have once count friend , and decide to return to his master . he seek me in the country where it have long be rumor I be hide ... help , of course , by the rat he meet along the way . Wormtail have a curious affinity with rat , do you not , Wormtail ? his filthy little friend tell him there be a place , deep in an Albanian forest , that they avoid , where small animal like themselves have meet their death by a dark shadow that possess them ... " but his journey back to me be not smooth , be it , Wormtail ? for , hungry one night , on the edge of the very forest where he have hope to find me , he foolishly stop at an inn for some food ... and who should he meet there , but one Bertha Jorkins , a witch from the Ministry of Magic . " now see the way that fate favor Lord Voldemort . this might have be the end of Wormtail , and of my last hope for regeneration . but Wormtail -- display a presence of mind I would never have expect from him -- convinced Bertha Jorkins to accompany him on a nighttime stroll . he overpower her ... he bring her to me . and Bertha Jorkins , who might have ruin all , prove instead to be a gift beyond my wild dream ... for -- with a little persuasion -- she become a veritable mine of information . " she tell me that the Triwizard Tournament would be play at Hogwarts this year . she tell me that she know of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me , if I could only contact him . she tell me many thing ... but the mean I use to break the Memory Charm upon her be powerful , and when I have extract all useful information from her , her mind and body be both damage beyond repair . she have now serve her purpose . I could not possess her . I dispose of her . " Voldemort smile his terrible smile , his red eye blank and pitiless . " Wormtail 's body , of course , be ill adapt for possession , as all assume him dead , and would attract far too much attention if notice . however , he be the able-bodied servant I need , and , poor wizard though he be , Wormtail be able to follow the instruction I give him , which would return me to a rudimentary , weak body of my own , a body I would be able to inhabit while await the essential ingredient for true rebirth ... a spell or two of my own invention ... a little help from my dear Nagini , " Voldemort 's red eye fall upon the continually circle snake , " a potion concoct from unicorn blood , and the snake venom Nagini provide ... I be soon return to an almost human form , and strong enough to travel . " there be no hope of steal the Sorcerer 's Stone anymore , for I know that Dumbledore would have see to it that it be destroy . but I be willing to embrace mortal life again , before chase immortality . I set my sight lower ... I would settle for my old body back again , and my old strength . " I know that to achieve this -- it be an old piece of Dark Magic , the potion that revive me tonight -- I would need three powerful ingredient . well , one of them be already at hand , be it not , Wormtail ? flesh give by a servant ... " my father 's bone , naturally , mean that we would have to come here , where he be bury . but the blood of a foe ... Wormtail would have have me use any wizard , would you not , Wormtail ? any wizard who have hate me ... as so many of them still do . but I know the one I must use , if I be to rise again , more powerful than I have be when I have fall . I want Harry Potter 's blood . I want the blood of the one who have strip me of power thirteen year ago ... for the linger protection his mother once give him would then reside in my vein too ... " but how to get at Harry Potter ? for he have be well protect than I think even he know , protect in way devise by Dumbledore long ago , when it fall to him to arrange the boy 's future . Dumbledore invoke an ancient magic , to ensure the boy 's protection as long as he be in his relation ' care . not even I can touch him there ... then , of course , there be the Quidditch World Cup ... I think his protection might be weak there , away from his relation and Dumbledore , but I be not yet strong enough to attempt kidnap in the midst of a horde of Ministry wizard . and then , the boy would return to Hogwarts , where he be under the crooked nose of that Muggle-loving fool from morning until night . so how could I take him ? " why ... by use Bertha Jorkins 's information , of course . use my one faithful Death Eater , station at Hogwarts , to ensure that the boy 's name be enter into the Goblet of Fire . use my Death Eater to ensure that the boy win the tournament -- that he touch the Triwizard Cup first -- the cup which my Death Eater have turn into a Portkey , which would bring him here , beyond the reach of Dumbledore 's help and protection , and into my wait arm . and here he be ... the boy you all believe have be my downfall ... " Voldemort move slowly forward and turn to face Harry . he raise his wand . " Crucio ! " it be pain beyond anything Harry have ever experience ; his very bone be on fire ; his head be surely splitting along his scar ; his eye be roll madly in his head ; he want it to end ... to black out ... to die ... and then it be go . he be hang limply in the rope bind him to the headstone of Voldemort 's father , look up into those bright red eye through a kind of mist . the night be ring with the sound of the Death Eaters ' laughter . " you see , I think , how foolish it be to suppose that this boy could ever have be strong than me , " say Voldemort . " but I want there to be no mistake in anybody 's mind . Harry Potter escape me by a lucky chance . and I be now go to prove my power by kill him , here and now , in front of you all , when there be no Dumbledore to help him , and no mother to die for him . I will give him his chance . he will be allow to fight , and you will be leave in no doubt which of us be the strong . just a little longer , Nagini , " he whisper , and the snake glide away through the grass to where the Death Eaters stand watch . " now untie him , Wormtail , and give him back his wand . " Chapter @card@ Priori Incantatem Wormtail approach Harry , who scramble to find his foot , to support his own weight before the rope be untie . Wormtail raise his new silver hand , pull out the wad of material gag Harry , and then , with one swipe , cut through the bond tie Harry to the gravestone . there be a split second , perhaps , when Harry might have consider run for it , but his injured leg shake under him as he stand on the overgrow grave , as the Death Eaters close rank , form a tight circle around him and Voldemort , so that the gap where the missing death eater should have stand be fill . Wormtail walk out of the circle to the place where Cedric 's body lie and return with Harry 's wand , which he thrust roughly into Harry 's hand without look at him . then Wormtail resume his place in the circle of watch Death Eaters . " you have be teach how to duel , Harry Potter ? " say Voldemort softly , his red eye glint through the darkness . at these word Harry remember , as though from a former life , the duel club at Hogwarts he have attend briefly two year ago ... all he have learn there be the Disarming Spell , " Expelliarmus " ... and what use would it be to deprive Voldemort of his wand , even if he could , when he be surround by Death Eaters , outnumber by at least thirty to one ? he have never learn anything that could possibly fit him for this . he know he be face the thing against which Moody have always warn ... the un-blockable Avada Kedavra curse -- and Voldemort be right -- his mother be not here to die for him this time ... he be quite unprotected ... " we bow to each other , Harry , " say Voldemort , bend a little , but keep his snakelike face upturn to Harry . " come , the nicety must be observe ... Dumbledore would like you to show manner ... Bow to death , Harry ... " the Death Eaters be laugh again . Voldemort 's lipless mouth be smile . Harry do not bow . he be not go to let Voldemort play with him before kill him ... he be not go to give him that satisfaction ... " I say , bow , " Voldemort say , raise his wand -- and Harry feel his spine curve as though a huge , invisible hand be bend him ruthlessly forward , and the Death Eaters laugh harder than ever . " very good , " say Voldemort softly , and as he raise his wand the pressure bear down upon Harry lift too . " and now you face me , like a man ... straight-backed and proud , the way your father die ... " and now -- we duel . " Voldemort raise his wand , and before Harry could do anything to defend himself , before he could even move , he have be hit again by the Cruciatus Curse . the pain be so intense , so all-consuming , that he no longer know where he be ... White-hot knife be pierce every inch of his skin , his head be surely go to burst with pain , he be scream more loudly than he have ever scream in his life - and then it stop . Harry roll over and scramble to his foot ; he be shake as uncontrollably as Wormtail have do when his hand have be cut off ; he stagger sideways into the wall of watch Death Eaters , and they push him away , back toward Voldemort . " a little break , " say Voldemort , the slit-like nostril dilate with excitement , " a little pause ... that hurt , do n't it , Harry ? you do n't want me to do that again , do you ? " Harry do n't answer . he be go to die like Cedric , those pitiless red eye be tell him so ... he be go to die , and there be nothing he could do about it ... but he be n't go to play along . he be n't go to obey Voldemort ... he be n't go to beg ... " I ask you whether you want me to do that again , " say Voldemort softly . " answer me ! Imperio ! " and Harry feel , for the third time in his life , the sensation that his mind have be wipe of all thought ... ah , it be bliss , not to think , it be as though he be float , dream ... just answer no ... say no ... just answer no ... I will not , say a strong voice , in the back of his head , I wo n't answer ... just answer no ... I wo n't do it , I wo n't say it ... just answer no ... " I WO N'T ! " and these word burst from Harry 's mouth ; they echo through the graveyard , and the dream state be lift as suddenly as though cold water have be throw over him -- back rush the ache that the Cruciatus Curse have leave all over his body -- back rush the realization of where he be , and what he be face ... " you wo n't ? " say Voldemort quietly , and the Death Eaters be not laugh now . " you wo n't say no ? Harry , obedience be a virtue I need to teach you before you die ... perhaps another little dose of pain ? " Voldemort raise his wand , but this time Harry be ready ; with the reflex bear of his Quidditch training , he fling himself sideways onto the ground ; he roll behind the marble headstone of Voldemort 's father , and he hear it crack as the curse miss him . " we be not play hide-and-seek , Harry , " say Voldemort 's soft , cold voice , draw near , as the Death Eaters laugh . " you can hide from me . do this mean you be tired of our duel ? do this mean that you would prefer me to finish it now , Harry ? come out , Harry ... come out and play , then ... it will be quick ... it might even be painless ... I would not know ... I have never die ... " Harry crouch behind the headstone and know the end have come . there be no hope ... no help to be have . and as he hear Voldemort draw near still , he know one thing only , and it be beyond fear or reason : he be not go to die crouch here like a child play hide-and-seek ; he be not go to die kneel at Voldemort 's foot ... he be go to die upright like his father , and he be go to die try to defend himself , even if no defense be possible ... before Voldemort could stick his snakelike face around the headstone , Harry stand up ... he grip his wand tightly in his hand , thrust it out in front of him , and throw himself around the headstone , face Voldemort . Voldemort be ready . as Harry shout , " Expelliarmus ! " Voldemort cry , " Avada Kedavra ! " a jet of green light issue from Voldemort 's wand just as a jet of red light blast from Harry 's -- they meet in midair -- and suddenly Harry 's wand be vibrate as though an electric charge be surge through it ; his hand seize up around it ; he could n't have release it if he have want to -- and a narrow beam of light connect the two wand , neither red nor green , but bright , deep gold . Harry , follow the beam with his astonish gaze , see that Voldemort 's long white finger too be grip a wand that be shake and vibrate . and then -- nothing could have prepare Harry for this -- he feel his foot lift from the ground . he and Voldemort be both be raise into the air , their wand still connect by that thread of shimmer golden light . they glide away from the tombstone of Voldemort 's father and then come to rest on a patch of ground that be clear and free of grave ... the Death Eaters be shout ; they be ask Voldemort for instruction ; they be close in , reform the circle around Harry and Voldemort , the snake slither at their heel , some of them draw their wand - the golden thread connect Harry and Voldemort splinter ; though the wand remain connect , a thousand more beam arc high over Harry and Voldemort , crisscross all around them , until they be enclose in a golden , dome-shaped web , a cage of light , beyond which the Death Eaters circle like jackal , their cry strangely muffle now ... " do nothing ! " Voldemort shriek to the Death Eaters , and Harry see his red eye wide with astonishment at what be happen , see him fight to break the thread of light still connect his wand with Harry 's ; Harry hold onto his wand more tightly , with both hand , and the golden thread remain unbroken . " do nothing unless I command you ! " Voldemort shout to the Death Eaters . and then an unearthly and beautiful sound fill the air ... it be come from every thread of the light-spun web vibrate around Harry and Voldemort . it be a sound Harry recognize , though he have hear it only once before in his life : phoenix song . it be the sound of hope to Harry ... the most beautiful and welcome thing he have ever hear in his life ... he feel as though the song be inside him instead of just around him ... it be the sound he connect with Dumbledore , and it be almost as though a friend be speak in his ear ... do n't break the connection . I know , Harry tell the music , I know I must n't ... but no sooner have he think it , than the thing become much hard to do . his wand begin to vibrate more powerfully than ever ... and now the beam between him and Voldemort change too ... it be as though large bead of light be slide up and down the thread connect the wand -- Harry feel his wand give a shudder under his hand as the light bead begin to slide slowly and steadily his way ... the direction of the beam 's movement be now toward him , from Voldemort , and he feel his wand shudder angrily ... as the close bead of light move near to Harry 's wand tip , the wood beneath his finger grow so hot he fear it would burst into flame . the close that bead move , the hard Harry 's wand vibrate ; he be sure his wand would not survive contact with it ; it feel as though it be about to shatter under his finger - he concentrate every last particle of his mind upon force the bead back toward Voldemort , his ear full of phoenix song , his eye furious , fix ... and slowly , very slowly , the bead quiver to a halt , and then , just as slowly , they begin to move the other way ... and it be Voldemort 's wand that be vibrate extra-hard now ... Voldemort who look astonish , and almost fearful ... one of the bead of light be quiver , inch from the tip of Voldemort 's wand . Harry do n't understand why he be do it , do n't know what it might achieve ... but he now concentrate as he have never do in his life on force that bead of light right back into Voldemort 's wand ... and slowly ... very slowly ... it move along the golden thread ... it tremble for a moment ... and then it connected ... at once , Voldemort 's wand begin to emit echo scream of pain ... then -- Voldemort 's red eye widen with shock -- a dense , smoky hand fly out of the tip of it and vanish ... the ghost of the hand he have make Wormtail ... more shout of pain ... and then something much large begin to blossom from Voldemort 's wand tip , a great , grayish something , that look as though it be make of the solid , dense smoke ... it be a head ... now a chest and arm ... the torso of Cedric Diggory . if ever Harry might have release his wand from shock , it would have be then , but instinct keep him clutch his wand tightly , so that the thread of golden light remain unbroken , even though the thick gray ghost of Cedric Diggory ( be it a ghost ? it look so solid ) emerge in its entirety from the end of Voldemort 's wand , as though it be squeeze itself out of a very narrow tunnel ... and this shade of Cedric stand up , and look up and down the golden thread of light , and speak . " hold on , Harry , " it say . its voice be distant and echo . Harry look at Voldemort ... his wide red eye be still shock ... he have no more expect this than Harry have ... and , very dimly , Harry hear the frightened yell of the Death Eaters , prowl around the edge of the golden dome ... more scream of pain from the wand ... and then something else emerge from its tip ... the dense shadow of a second head , quickly follow by arm and torso ... an old man Harry have see only in a dream be now push himself out of the end of the wand just as Cedric have do ... and his ghost , or his shadow , or whatever it be , fall next to Cedric 's , and survey Harry and Voldemort , and the golden web , and the connected wand , with mild surprise , lean on his walk stick ... " he be a real wizard , then ? " the old man say , his eye on Voldemort . " kill me , that one do ... you fight him , boy ... " but already , yet another head be emerge ... and this head , gray as a smoky statue , be a woman 's ... Harry , both arm shake now as he fight to keep his wand still , see her drop to the ground and straighten up like the other , stare ... the shadow of Bertha Jorkins survey the battle before her with wide eye . " do n't let go , now ! " she cry , and her voice echo like Cedric 's as though from very far away . " do n't let him get you , Harry -- do n't let go ! " she and the other two shadowy figure begin to pace around the inner wall of the golden web , while the Death Eaters flit around the outside of it ... and Voldemort 's dead victim whisper as they circle the duelers , whisper word of encouragement to Harry , and hiss word Harry could n't hear to Voldemort . and now another head be emerge from the tip of Voldemort 's wand ... and Harry know when he see it who it would be ... he know , as though he have expect it from the moment when Cedric have appear from the wand ... know , because the woman be the one he have think of more than any other tonight ... the smoky shadow of a young woman with long hair fall to the ground as Bertha have do , straighten up , and look at him ... and Harry , his arm shake madly now , look back into the ghostly face of his mother . " your father be come ... " she say quietly . " hold on for your father ... it will be all right ... hold on ... " and he come ... first his head , then his body ... tall and untidy-haired like Harry , the smoky , shadowy form of James Potter blossom from the end of Voldemort 's wand , fall to the ground , and straighten like his wife . he walk close to Harry , look down at him , and he speak in the same distant , echo voice as the other , but quietly , so that Voldemort , his face now livid with fear as his victim prowl around him , could not hear ... " when the connection be break , we will linger for only moment ... but we will give you time ... you must get to the Portkey , it will return you to Hogwarts ... do you understand , Harry ? " " yes , " Harry gasp , fight now to keep a hold on his wand , which be slip and slide beneath his finger . " Harry ... " whisper the figure of Cedric , " take my body back , will you ? take my body back to my parent ... " " I will , " say Harry , his face screw up with the effort of hold the wand . " do it now , " whisper his father 's voice , " be ready to run ... do it now ... " " NOW ! " Harry yell ; he do n't think he could have hold on for another moment anyway -- he pull his wand upward with an almighty wrench , and the golden thread break ; the cage of light vanish , the phoenix song die -- but the shadowy figure of Voldemort 's victim do not disappear -- they be close in upon Voldemort , shield Harry from his gaze - and Harry run as he have never run in his life , knock two stun death eater aside as he pass ; he zigzag behind headstone , feel their curse follow him , hear them hit the headstone -- he be dodge curse and grave , pelt toward Cedric 's body , no longer aware of the pain in his leg , his whole be concentrate on what he have to do - " Stun him ! " he hear Voldemort scream . ten foot from Cedric , Harry dive behind a marble angel to avoid the jet of red light and see the tip of its wing shatter as the spell hit it . grip his wand more tightly , he dash out from behind the angel - " Impedimenta ! " he bellow , point his wand wildly over his shoulder at the Death Eaters run at him . from a muffle yell , he think he have stop at least one of them , but there be no time to stop and look ; he jump over the cup and dive as he hear more wand blast behind him ; more jet of light fly over his head as he fall , stretch out his hand to grab Cedric 's arm - " stand aside ! I will kill him ! he be mine ! " shriek Voldemort . Harry 's hand have close on Cedric 's wrist ; one tombstone stand between him and Voldemort , but Cedric be too heavy to carry , and the cup be out of reach - Voldemort 's red eye flame in the darkness . Harry see his mouth curl into a smile , see him raise his wand . " Accio ! " Harry yell , point his wand at the Triwizard Cup . it fly into the air and soar toward him . Harry catch it by the handle - he hear Voldemort 's scream of fury at the same moment that he feel the jerk behind his navel that mean the Portkey have work -- it be speed him away in a whirl of wind and color , and Cedric along with him ... they be go back . Chapter @card@ Veritaserum Harry feel himself slam flat into the ground ; his face be press into grass ; the smell of it fill his nostril . he have close his eye while the Portkey transport him , and he keep them close now . he do not move . all the breath seem to have be knock out of him ; his head be swim so badly he feel as though the ground beneath him be sway like the deck of a ship . to hold himself steady , he tighten his hold on the two thing he be still clutch : the smooth , cold handle of the Tri-wizard Cup and Cedric 's body . he feel as though he would slide away into the blackness gathering at the edge of his brain if he let go of either of them . shock and exhaustion keep him on the ground , breathe in the smell of the grass , wait ... wait for someone to do something ... something to happen ... and all the while , his scar burn dully on his forehead ... a torrent of sound deafen and confuse him ; there be voice everywhere , footstep , scream ... he remain where he be , his face screw up against the noise , as though it be a nightmare that would pass ... then a pair of hand seize him roughly and turn him over . " Harry ! Harry ! " he open his eye . he be look up at the starry sky , and Albus Dumbledore be crouch over him . the dark shadow of a crowd of people press in around them , push near ; Harry feel the ground beneath his head reverberate with their footstep . he have come back to the edge of the maze . he could see the stand rise above him , the shape of people move in them , the star above . Harry let go of the cup , but he clutch Cedric to him even more tightly . he raise his free hand and seize Dumbledore 's wrist , while Dumbledore 's face swim in and out of focus . " he be back , " Harry whisper . " he be back . Voldemort . " " what be go on ? what be happen ? " the face of Cornelius Fudge appear upside down over Harry ; it look white , appall . " My God -- Diggory ! " it whisper . " Dumbledore -- he be dead ! " the word be repeat , the shadowy figure press in on them gasp it to those around them ... and then other shout it -- screech it -- into the night -- " he be dead ! " " he be dead ! " " Cedric Diggory ! dead ! " " Harry , let go of him , " he hear Fudge 's voice say , and he feel finger try to pry him from Cedric 's limp body , but Harry would n't let him go . then Dumbledore 's face , which be still blur and mist , come closer . " Harry , you ca n't help him now . it be over . let go . " " he want me to bring him back , " Harry mutter -- it seem important to explain this . " he want me to bring him back to his parent ... " " that be right , Harry ... just let go now ... " Dumbledore bend down , and with extraordinary strength for a man so old and thin , raise Harry from the ground and set him on his foot . Harry sway . his head be pound . his injured leg would no longer support his weight . the crowd around them jostle , fight to get closer , press darkly in on him -- " what be happen ? " " what be wrong with him ? " " Diggory be dead ! " " he will need to go to the hospital wing ! " fudge be say loudly . " he be ill , he be injure -- Dumbledore , Diggory 's parent , they be here , they be in the stand ... " " I will take Harry , Dumbledore , I will take him -- " " no , I would prefer -- " " Dumbledore , Amos Diggory be run ... he be come over ... do n't you think you should tell him -- before he see -- ? " " Harry , stay here -- " Girls be scream , sob hysterically ... the scene flicker oddly before Harry 's eye ... " it be all right , son , I have get you ... come on ... hospital wing ... " " Dumbledore say stay , " say Harry thickly , the pound in his scar make him feel as though he be about to throw up ; his vision be blur bad than ever . " you need to lie down ... come on now ... " someone large and strong than he be be half pull , half carry him through the frightened crowd . Harry hear people gasp , scream , and shout as the man support him push a path through them , take him back to the castle . across the lawn , past the lake and the Durmstrang ship , Harry hear nothing but the heavy breathing of the man help him walk . " what happen , Harry ? " the man ask at last as he lift Harry up the stone step . clunk . clunk . clunk . it be Mad-Eye Moody . " Cup be a Portkey , " say Harry as they cross the entrance hall . " take me and Cedric to a graveyard ... and Voldemort be there ... Lord Voldemort ... " Clunk . clunk . clunk . up the marble stair ... " the Dark Lord be there ? what happen then ? " " kill Cedric ... they kill Cedric ... " " and then ? " clunk . clunk . clunk . along the corridor ... " make a potion ... get his body back ... " " the Dark Lord get his body back ? he be return ? " " and the Death Eaters come ... and then we duel ... " " you duel with the Dark Lord ? " " get away ... my wand ... do something funny ... I see my mum and dad ... they come out of his wand ... " " in here , Harry ... in here , and sit down ... you will be all right now ... drink this ... " Harry hear a key scrape in a lock and feel a cup be push into his hand . " drink it ... you will feel well ... come on , now , Harry , I need to know exactly what happen ... " Moody help tip the stuff down Harry 's throat ; he cough , a peppery taste burn his throat . Moody 's office come into sharp focus , and so do Moody himself ... he look as white as Fudge have look , and both eye be fix unblinkingly upon Harry 's face . " Voldemort 's back , Harry ? you be sure he be back ? how do he do it ? " " he take stuff from his father 's grave , and from Wormtail , and me , " say Harry . his head feel clear ; his scar be n't hurt so badly ; he could now see Moody 's face distinctly , even though the office be dark . he could still hear scream and shout from the distant Quidditch field . " what do the Dark Lord take from you ? " say Moody . " blood , " say Harry , raise his arm . his sleeve be rip where Wormtail 's dagger have tear it . Moody let out his breath in a long , low hiss . " and the Death Eaters ? they return ? " " yes , " say Harry . " load of them ... " " how do he treat them ? " Moody ask quietly . " do he forgive them ? " but Harry have suddenly remember . he should have tell Dumbledore , he should have say it straightaway - " there be a Death Eater at Hogwarts ! there be a death eater here -- they put my name in the Goblet of Fire , they make sure I get through to the end -- " Harry try to get up , but Moody push him back down . " I know who the death eater be , " he say quietly . " Karkaroff ? " say Harry wildly . " where be he ? have you get him ? be he lock up ? " " Karkaroff ? " say Moody with an odd laugh . " Karkaroff flee tonight , when he feel the dark Mark burn upon his arm . he betray too many faithful supporter of the Dark Lord to wish to meet them ... but I doubt he will get far . the Dark Lord have way of track his enemy . " " Karkaroff be go ? he run away ? but then -- he do n't put my name in the goblet ? " " no , " say Moody slowly . " no , he do n't . it be I who do that . " Harry hear , but do n't believe . " no , you do n't , " he say . " you do n't do that ... you ca n't have do ... " " I assure you I do , " say Moody , and his magical eye swing around and fix upon the door , and Harry know he be make sure that there be no one outside it . at the same time , Moody draw out his wand and point it at Harry . " he forgive them , then ? " he say . " the Death Eaters who go free ? the one who escape Azkaban ? " " what ? " say Harry . he be look at the wand Moody be point at him . this be a bad joke , it have to be . " I ask you , " say Moody quietly , " whether he forgive the scum who never even go to look for him . those treacherous coward who would n't even brave Azkaban for him . the faithless , worthless bit of filth who be brave enough to cavort in mask at the Quidditch World Cup , but flee at the sight of the Dark Mark when I fire it into the sky . " " you fire ... what be you talk about ... ? " " I tell you , Harry ... I tell you . if there be one thing I hate more than any other , it be a Death Eater who walk free . they turn their back on my master when he need them most . I expect him to punish them . I expect him to torture them . tell me he hurt them , Harry ... " Moody 's face be suddenly light with an insane smile . " tell me he tell them that I , I alone remain faithful ... prepare to risk everything to deliver to him the one thing he want above all ... you . " " you do n't ... it -- it ca n't be you ... " " who put your name in the Goblet of Fire , under the name of a different school ? I do . who frighten off every person I think might try to hurt you or prevent you from win the tournament ? I do . who nudge Hagrid into show you the dragon ? I do . who help you see the only way you could beat the dragon ? I do . " Moody 's magical eye have now leave the door . it be fix upon Harry . his lopsided mouth leer more widely than ever . " it have n't be easy , Harry , guide you through these task without arouse suspicion . I have have to use every ounce of cunning I possess , so that my hand would not be detectable in your success . Dumbledore would have be very suspicious if you have manage everything too easily . as long as you get into that maze , preferably with a decent head start -- then , I know , I would have a chance of get rid of the other champion and leave your way clear . but I also have to contend with your stupidity . the second task ... that be when I be most afraid we would fail . I be keep watch on you , Potter . I know you have n't work out the egg 's clue , so I have to give you another hint -- " " you do n't , " Harry say hoarsely . " Cedric give me the clue -- " " who tell Cedric to open it underwater ? I do . I trust that he would pass the information on to you . decent people be so easy to manipulate , Potter . I be sure Cedric would want to repay you for tell him about the dragon , and so he do . but even then , Potter , even then you seem likely to fail . I be watch all the time ... all those hour in the library . do n't you realize that the book you need be in your dormitory all along ? I plant it there early on , I give it to the Longbottom boy , do n't you remember ? magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean . it would have tell you all you need to know about gillyweed . I expect you to ask everyone and anyone you could for help . Longbottom would have tell you in an instant . but you do not ... you do not ... you have a streak of pride and independence that might have ruin all . " so what could I do ? feed you information from another innocent source . you tell me at the Yule Ball a house-elf call Dobby have give you a Christmas present . I call the elf to the staffroom to collect some robe for cleaning . I stage a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostage who have be take , and whether Potter would think to use gillyweed . and your little elf friend run straight to Snape 's office and then hurried to find you ... " Moody 's wand be still point directly at Harry 's heart . over his shoulder , foggy shape be move in the Foe-Glass on the wall . " you be so long in that lake , Potter , I think you have drown . but luckily , Dumbledore take your idiocy for nobility , and mark you high for it . I breathe again . " you have an easy time of it than you should have in that maze tonight , of course , " say Moody . " I be patrol around it , able to see through the outer hedge , able to curse many obstacle out of your way . I stun Fleur Delacour as she pass . I put the Imperius Curse on Krum , so that he would finish Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear . " Harry stare at Moody . he just do n't see how this could be ... Dumbledore 's friend , the famous Auror ... the one who have catch so many death eater ... it make no sense ... no sense at all ... the foggy shape in the Foe-Glass be sharpen , have become more distinct . Harry could see the outline of three people over Moody 's shoulder , move close and close . but Moody be n't watch them . his magical eye be upon Harry . " the Dark Lord do n't manage to kill you , Potter , and he so want to , " whisper Moody . " imagine how he will reward me when he find I have do it for him . I give you to him -- the thing he need above all to regenerate -- and then I kill you for him . I will be honor beyond all other death eater . I will be his dear , his close supporter ... close than a son ... " Moody 's normal eye be bulge , the magical eye fix upon Harry . the door be bar , and Harry know he would never reach his own wand in time ... " the Dark Lord and I , " say Moody , and he look completely insane now , towering over Harry , leer down at him , " have much in common . both of us , for instance , have very disappointing father ... very disappointing indeed . both of us suffer the indignity , Harry , of be name after those father . and both of us have the pleasure ... the very great pleasure ... of kill our father to ensure the continued rise of the dark order ! " " you be mad , " Harry say -- he could n't stop himself -- " you be mad ! " " mad , be I ? " say Moody , his voice rise uncontrollably . " we will see ! we will see who be mad , now that the Dark Lord have return , with me at his side ! he be back , Harry Potter , you do not conquer him -- and now -- I conquer you ! " Moody raise his wand , he open his mouth ; Harry plunge his own hand into his robe - " Stupefy ! " there be a blind flash of red light , and with a great splinter and crash , the door of Moody 's office be blast apart - Moody be throw backward onto the office floor . Harry , still stare at the place where Moody 's face have be , see Albus Dumbledore , Professor Snape , and Professor McGonagall look back at him out of the Foe-Glass . he look around and see the three of them stand in the doorway , Dumbledore in front , his wand outstretch . at that moment , Harry fully understand for the first time why people say Dumbledore be the only wizard Voldemort have ever fear . the look upon Dumbledore 's face as he stare down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody be more terrible than Harry could have ever imagine . there be no benign smile upon Dumbledore 's face , no twinkle in the eye behind the spectacles . there be cold fury in every line of the ancient face ; a sense of power radiate from Dumbledore as though he be give off burning heat . he step into the office , place a foot underneath Moody 's unconscious body , and kick him over onto his back , so that his face be visible . Snape follow him , look into the Foe-Glass , where his own face be still visible , glaring into the room . Professor McGonagall go straight to Harry . " come along , Potter , " she whisper . the thin line of her mouth be twitch as though she be about to cry . " come along ... hospital wing ... " " no , " say Dumbledore sharply . " Dumbledore , he ought to -- look at him -- he have be through enough tonight -- " " he will stay , Minerva , because he need to understand , " say Dumbledore curtly . " understanding be the first step to acceptance , and only with acceptance can there be recovery . he need to know who have put him through the ordeal he have suffer tonight , and why . " " moody , " Harry say . he be still in a state of complete disbelief . " how can it have be moody ? " " this be not Alastor Moody , " say Dumbledore quietly . " you have never know Alastor Moody . the real Moody would not have remove you from my sight after what happen tonight . the moment he take you , I know -- and I follow . " Dumbledore bend down over Moody 's limp form and put a hand inside his robe . he pull out Moody 's hip flask and a set of key on a ring . then he turn to Professors McGonagall and Snape . " Severus , please fetch me the strong Truth Potion you possess , and then go down to the kitchen and bring up the house-elf call Winky . Minerva , kindly go down to Hagrid 's house , where you will find a large black dog sit in the pumpkin patch . take the dog up to my office , tell him I will be with him shortly , then come back here . " if either Snape or McGonagall find these instruction peculiar , they hide their confusion . both turn at once and leave the office . Dumbledore walk over to the trunk with seven lock , fit the first key in the lock , and open it . it contain a mass of spell-books . Dumbledore close the trunk , place a second key in the second lock , and open the trunk again . the spellbooks have vanish ; this time it contain an assortment of break Sneako-scopes , some parchment and quill , and what look like a silvery Invisibility Cloak . Harry watch , astound , as Dumbledore place the third , fourth , fifth , and sixth key in their respective lock , reopen the trunk , and each time reveal different content . then he place the seventh key in the lock , throw open the lid , and Harry let out a cry of amazement . he be look down into a kind of pit , an underground room , and lie on the floor some ten foot below , apparently fast asleep , thin and starve in appearance , be the real Mad-Eye Moody . his wooden leg be go , the socket that should have hold the magical eye look empty beneath its lid , and chunk of his grizzled hair be miss . Harry stare , thunderstruck , between the sleep Moody in the trunk and the unconscious Moody lie on the floor of the office . Dumbledore climb into the trunk , lower himself , and fall lightly onto the floor beside the sleeping Moody . he bend over him . " stun -- control by the Imperius Curse -- very weak , " he say . " of course , they would have need to keep him alive . Harry , throw down the imposter 's cloak -- he 's freezing . madam Pomfrey will need to see him , but he seem in no immediate danger . " Harry do as he be tell ; Dumbledore cover moody in the cloak , tuck it around him , and clamber out of the trunk again . then he pick up the hip flask that stand upon the desk , unscrew it , and turn it over . a thick glutinous liquid splatter onto the office floor . " Polyjuice Potion , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " you see the simplicity of it , and the brilliance . for Moody never do drink except from his hip flask , he be well know for it . the imposter need , of course , to keep the real moody close by , so that he could continue make the potion . you see his hair ... " Dumbledore look down on the Moody in the trunk . " the imposter have be cut it off all year , see where it be uneven ? but I think , in the excitement of tonight , our fake Moody might have forget to take it as frequently as he should have do ... on the hour ... every hour ... we shall see . " Dumbledore pull out the chair at the desk and sit down upon it , his eye fix upon the unconscious Moody on the floor . Harry stare at him too . minute pass in silence ... then , before Harry 's very eye , the face of the man on the floor begin to change . the scar be disappear , the skin be become smooth ; the mangle nose become whole and start to shrink . the long mane of grizzled gray hair be withdraw into the scalp and turn the color of straw . suddenly , with a loud clunk , the wooden leg fall away as a normal leg regrew in its place ; next moment , the magical eyeball have pop out of the man 's face as a real eye replace it ; it roll away across the floor and continue to swivel in every direction . Harry see a man lie before him , pale-skinned , slightly freckle , with a mop of fair hair . he know who he be . he have see him in Dumbledore 's Pensieve , have watch him be lead away from court by the dementors , try to convince Mr. Crouch that he be innocent ... but he be line around the eye now and look much old ... there be hurried footstep outside in the corridor . Snape have return with Winky at his heel . Professor McGonagall be right behind them . " crouch ! " Snape say , stop dead in the doorway . " Barty Crouch ! " " good heaven , " say Professor McGonagall , stop dead and stare down at the man on the floor . filthy , dishevel , Winky peer around Snape 's leg . her mouth open wide and she let out a piercing shriek . " Master Barty , Master Barty , what be you do here ? " she fling herself forward onto the young man 's chest . " you be kill him ! you be kill him ! you be kill Master 's son ! " " he be simply stun , Winky , " say Dumbledore . " step aside , please . Severus , you have the potion ? " Snape hand Dumbledore a small glass bottle of completely clear liquid : the Veritaserum with which he have threaten Harry in class . Dumbledore get up , bend over the man on the floor , and pull him into a sit position against the wall beneath the Foe-Glass , in which the reflection of Dumbledore , Snape , and McGonagall be still glare down upon them all . Winky remain on her knee , tremble , her hand over her face . Dumbledore force the man 's mouth open and pour three drop inside it . then he point his wand at the man 's chest and say , " Rennervate . " Crouch 's son open his eye . his face be slack , his gaze unfocused . Dumbledore kneel before him , so that their face be level . " can you hear me ? " Dumbledore ask quietly . the man 's eyelid flicker . " yes , " he mutter . " I would like you to tell us , " say Dumbledore softly , " how you come to be here . how do you escape from Azkaban ? " Crouch take a deep , shudder breath , then begin to speak in a flat , expressionless voice . " my mother save me . she know she be die . she persuade my father to rescue me as a last favor to her . he love her as he have never love me . he agree . they come to visit me . they give me a draft of Polyjuice Potion contain one of my mother 's hair . she take a draft of Polyjuice Potion contain one of my hair . we take on each other 's appearance . " Winky be shake her head , tremble . " say no more , Master Barty , say no more , you be get your father into trouble ! " but Crouch take another deep breath and continue in the same flat voice . " the dementors be blind . they sense one healthy , one die person enter Azkaban . they sense one healthy , one die person leave it . my father smuggle me out , disguise as my mother , in case any prisoner be watch through their door . " my mother die a short while afterward in Azkaban . she be careful to drink Polyjuice Potion until the end . she be bury under my name and bear my appearance . everyone believe her to be me . " the man 's eyelid flicker . " and what do your father do with you , when he have get you home ? " say Dumbledore quietly . " stage my mother 's death . a quiet , private funeral . that grave be empty . the house-elf nurse me back to health . then I have to be conceal . I have to be control . my father have to use a number of spell to subdue me . when I have recover my strength , I think only of find my master ... of return to his service . " " how do your father subdue you ? " say Dumbledore . " the Imperius Curse , " Crouch say . " I be under my father 's control . I be force to wear an Invisibility Cloak day and night . I be always with the house-elf . she be my keeper and caretaker . she pity me . she persuade my father to give me occasional treat . reward for my good behavior . " " Master Barty , Master Barty , " sob Winky through her hand . " you be n't ought to tell them , we be get in trouble ... " " do anybody ever discover that you be still alive ? " say Dumbledore softly . " do anyone know except your father and the house-elf ? " " yes , " say Crouch , his eyelid flicker again . " a witch in my father 's office . Bertha Jorkins . she come to the house with paper for my father 's signature . he be not at home . Winky show her inside and return to the kitchen , to me . but Bertha Jorkins hear Winky talk to me . she come to investigate . she hear enough to guess who be hide under the Invisibility Cloak . my father arrive home . she confront him . he put a very powerful Memory Charm on her to make her forget what she have find out . too powerful . he say it damage her memory permanently . " " why be she come to nose into my master 's private business ? " sob Winky . " why be n't she leave us be ? " " tell me about the Quidditch World Cup , " say Dumbledore . " Winky talk my father into it , " say Crouch , still in the same monotonous voice . " she spend month persuade him . I have not leave the house for year . I have love Quidditch . let him go , she say . he will be in his Invisibility Cloak . he can watch . let him smell fresh air for once . she say my mother would have want it . she tell my father that my mother have die to give me freedom . she have not save me for a life of imprisonment . he agree in the end . " it be carefully plan . my father lead me and Winky up to the top Box early in the day . Winky be to say that she be save a seat for my father . I be to sit there , invisible . when everyone have leave the box , we would emerge . Winky would appear to be alone . nobody would ever know . " but Winky do n't know that I be grow strong . I be start to fight my father 's Imperius Curse . there be time when I be almost myself again . there be brief period when I seem outside his control . it happen , there , in the top Box . it be like wake from a deep sleep . I find myself out in public , in the middle of the match , and I see , in front of me , a wand stick out of a boy 's pocket . I have not be allow a wand since before Azkaban . I steal it . Winky do n't know . Winky be frighten of height . she have her face hide . " " Master Barty , you bad boy ! " whisper Winky , tear trickle between her finger . " so you take the wand , " say Dumbledore , " and what do you do with it ? " " we go back to the tent , " say Crouch . " then we hear them . we hear the Death Eaters . the one who have never be to Azkaban . the one who have never suffer for my master . they have turn their back on him . they be not enslave , as I be . they be free to seek him , but they do not . they be merely make sport of Muggles . the sound of their voice awake me . my mind be clear than it have be in year . I be angry . I have the wand . I want to attack them for their disloyalty to my master . my father have leave the tent ; he have go to free the Muggles . Winky be afraid to see me so angry . she use her own brand of magic to bind me to her . she pull me from the tent , pull me into the forest , away from the Death Eaters . I try to hold her back . I want to return to the campsite . I want to show those Death Eaters what loyalty to the Dark Lord mean , and to punish them for their lack of it . I use the steal wand to cast the dark mark into the sky . " Ministry wizard arrive . they shoot Stunning Spells everywhere . one of the spell come through the tree where Winky and I stand . the bond connect us be break . we be both stun . " when Winky be discover , my father know I must be nearby . he search the bush where she have be find and feel me lie there . he wait until the other Ministry member have leave the forest . he put me back under the Imperius Curse and take me home . he dismiss Winky . she have fail him . she have let me acquire a wand . she have almost let me escape . " Winky let out a wail of despair . " now it be just Father and I , alone in the house . and then ... and then ... " Crouch 's head roll on his neck , and an insane grin spread across his face . " my master come for me . " he arrive at our house late one night in the arm of his servant Wormtail . my master have find out that I be still alive . he have capture Bertha Jorkins in Albania . he have torture her . she tell him a great deal . she tell him about the Triwizard Tournament . she tell him the old Auror , Moody , be go to teach at Hogwarts . he torture her until he break through the Memory Charm my father have place upon her . she tell him I have escape from Azkaban . she tell him my father keep me imprison to prevent me from seek my master . and so my master know that I be still his faithful servant -- perhaps the most faithful of all . my master conceive a plan , base upon the information Bertha have give him . he need me . he arrive at our house near midnight . my father answer the door . " the smile spread wide over Crouch 's face , as though recall the sweet memory of his life . Winky 's petrify brown eye be visible through her finger . she seem too appall to speak . " it be very quick . my father be place under the Imperius Curse by my master . now my father be the one imprison , control . my master force him to go about his business as usual , to act as though nothing be wrong . and I be release . I awake . I be myself again , alive as I have n't be in year . " and what do Lord Voldemort ask you to do ? " say Dumbledore . " he ask me whether I be ready to risk everything for him . I be ready . it be my dream , my great ambition , to serve him , to prove myself to him . he tell me he need to place a faithful servant at Hogwarts . a servant who would guide Harry Potter through the Triwizard Tournament without appear to do so . a servant who would watch over Harry Potter . ensure he reach the Triwizard Cup . turn the cup into a Portkey , which would take the first person to touch it to my master . but first -- " " you need Alastor Moody , " say Dumbledore . his blue eye be blaze , though his voice remain calm . " Wormtail and I do it . we have prepare the Polyjuice Potion beforehand . we journey to his house . Moody put up a struggle . there be a commotion . we manage to subdue him just in time . force him into a compartment of his own magical trunk . take some of his hair and add it to the potion . I drink it ; I become Moody 's double . I take his leg and his eye . I be ready to face Arthur Weasley when he arrive to sort out the Muggles who have hear a disturbance . I make the dustbin move around the yard . I tell Arthur Weasley I have hear intruder in my yard , who have set off the dustbin . then I pack up Moody 's clothes and dark detector , put them in the trunk with Moody , and set off for Hogwarts . I keep him alive , under the Imperius Curse . I want to be able to question him . to find out about his past , learn his habit , so that I could fool even Dumbledore . I also need his hair to make the Polyjuice Potion . the other ingredient be easy . I steal boom-slang skin from the dungeon . when the potion master find me in his office , I say I be under order to search it . " " and what become of Wormtail after you attack moody ? " say Dumbledore . " Wormtail return to care for my master , in my father 's house , and to keep watch over my father . " " but your father escape , " say Dumbledore . " yes . after a while he begin to fight the Imperius Curse just as I have do . there be period when he know what be happen . my master decide it be no longer safe for my father to leave the house . he force him to send letter to the Ministry instead . he make him write and say he be ill . but Wormtail neglect his duty . he be not watchful enough . my father escape . my master guess that he be head for Hogwarts . my father be go to tell Dumbledore everything , to confess . he be go to admit that he have smuggle me from Azkaban . " my master send me word of my father 's escape . he tell me to stop him at all cost . so I wait and watch . I use the map I have take from Harry Potter . the map that have almost ruin everything . " " map ? " say Dumbledore quickly . " what map be this ? " " Potter 's map of Hogwarts . Potter see me on it . Potter see me steal more ingredient for the Polyjuice Potion from Snape 's office one night . he think I be my father . we have the same first name . I take the map from Potter that night . I tell him my father hate dark wizard . Potter believe my father be after Snape . " for a week I wait for my father to arrive at Hogwarts . at last , one evening , the map show my father enter the ground . I pull on my Invisibility Cloak and go down to meet him . he be walk around the edge of the forest . then Potter come , and Krum . I wait . I could not hurt Potter ; my master need him . Potter run to get Dumbledore . I stun Krum . I kill my father . " " Noooo ! " wail Winky . " Master Barty , Master Barty , what be you say ? " " you kill your father , " Dumbledore say , in the same soft voice . " what do you do with the body ? " " carry it into the forest . cover it with the Invisibility Cloak . I have the map with me . I watch Potter run into the castle . he meet Snape . Dumbledore join them . I watch Potter bring Dumbledore out of the castle . I walk back out of the forest , double around behind them , go to meet them . I tell Dumbledore Snape have tell me where to come . " Dumbledore tell me to go and look for my father . I go back to my father 's body . watch the map . when everyone be go , I transfigure my father 's body . he become a bone ... I bury it , while wear the Invisibility Cloak , in the freshly dug earth in front of Hagrid 's cabin . " there be complete silence now , except for Winky 's continued sob . then Dumbledore say , " and tonight ... " " I offer to carry the Triwizard Cup into the maze before dinner , " whisper Barty Crouch . " turn it into a Portkey . my master 's plan work . he be return to power and I will be honor by him beyond the dream of wizard . " the insane smile light his feature once more , and his head droop onto his shoulder as Winky wail and sob at his side . Chapter @card@ the parting of the Ways Dumbledore stand up . he stare down at Barty Crouch for a moment with disgust on his face . then he raise his wand once more and rope fly out of it , rope that twist themselves around Barty Crouch , bind him tightly . he turn to Professor McGonagall . " Minerva , could I ask you to stand guard here while I take Harry upstairs ? " " of course , " say Professor McGonagall . she look slightly nauseous , as though she have just watch someone be sick . however , when she draw out her wand and point it at Barty Crouch , her hand be quite steady . " Severus " -- Dumbledore turn to Snape -- " please tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here ; we need to get Alastor Moody into the hospital wing . then go down into the ground , find Cornelius Fudge , and bring him up to this office . he will undoubtedly want to question Crouch himself . tell him I will be in the hospital wing in half an hour 's time if he need me . " Snape nod silently and sweep out of the room . " Harry ? " Dumbledore say gently . Harry get up and sway again ; the pain in his leg , which he have not notice all the time he have be listen to Crouch , now return in full measure . he also realize that he be shake . Dumbledore grip his arm and help him out into the dark corridor . " I want you to come up to my office first , Harry , " he say quietly as they head up the passageway . " Sirius be wait for us there . " Harry nod . a kind of numbness and a sense of complete unreality be upon him , but he do not care ; he be even glad of it . he do n't want to have to think about anything that have happen since he have first touch the Triwizard Cup . he do n't want to have to examine the memory , fresh and sharp as photograph , which keep flash across his mind . Mad-Eye Moody , inside the trunk . Wormtail , slump on the ground , cradle his stump of an arm . Voldemort , rise from the steam cauldron . Cedric ... dead ... Cedric , ask to be return to his parent ... " Professor , " Harry mumble , " where be Mr. and Mrs. Diggory ? " " they be with Professor Sprout , " say Dumbledore . his voice , which have be so calm throughout the interrogation of Barty Crouch , shake very slightly for the first time . " she be Head of Cedric 's house , and know him well . " they have reach the stone gargoyle . Dumbledore give the password , it spring aside , and he and Harry go up the move spiral staircase to the oak door . Dumbledore push it open . Sirius be stand there . his face be white and gaunt as it have be when he have escape Azkaban . in one swift moment , he have cross the room . " Harry , be you all right ? I know it -- I know something like this -- what happen ? " his hand shake as he help Harry into a chair in front of the desk . " what happen ? " he ask more urgently Dumbledore begin to tell Sirius everything Barty Crouch have say . Harry be only half listening . so tire every bone in his body be ache , he want nothing more than to sit here , undisturbed , for hour and hour , until he fall asleep and do n't have to think or feel anymore . there be a soft rush of wing . Fawkes the phoenix have leave his perch , flow across the office , and land on Harry 's knee . " ' Lo , Fawkes , " say Harry quietly . he stroke the phoenix 's beautiful scarlet-and-gold plumage . Fawkes blink peacefully up at him . there be something comforting about his warm weight . Dumbledore stop talk . he sit down opposite Harry , behind his desk . he be look at Harry , who avoid his eye . Dumbledore be go to question him . he be go to make Harry relive everything . " I need to know what happen after you touch the Portkey in the maze , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " we can leave that till morning , ca n't we , Dumbledore ? " say Sirius harshly . he have put a hand on Harry 's shoulder . " let him have a sleep . let him rest . " Harry feel a rush of gratitude toward Sirius , but Dumbledore take no notice of Sirius 's word . he lean forward toward Harry . very unwillingly , Harry raise his head and look into those blue eye . " if I think I could help you , " Dumbledore say gently , " by put you into an enchant sleep and allow you to postpone the moment when you would have to think about what have happen tonight , I would do it . but I know well . numb the pain for a while will make it bad when you finally feel it . you have show bravery beyond anything I could have expect of you . I ask you to demonstrate your courage one more time . I ask you to tell us what happen . " the phoenix let out one soft , quaver note . it shiver in the air , and Harry feel as though a drop of hot liquid have slip down his throat into his stomach , warm him , and strengthen him . he take a deep breath and begin to tell them . as he speak , vision of everything that have pass that night seem to rise before his eye ; he see the sparkling surface of the potion that have revive Voldemort ; he see the Death Eaters Apparating between the grave around them ; he see Cedric 's body , lie on the ground beside the cup . once or twice , Sirius make a noise as though about to say something , his hand still tight on Harry 's shoulder , but Dumbledore raise his hand to stop him , and Harry be glad of this , because it be easy to keep go now he have start . it be even a relief ; he feel almost as though something poisonous be be extract from him . it be cost him every bit of determination he have to keep talk , yet he sense that once he have finish , he would feel well . when Harry tell of Wormtail pierce his arm with the dagger , however , Sirius let out a vehement exclamation and Dumbledore stand up so quickly that Harry start . Dumbledore walk around the desk and tell Harry to stretch out his arm . Harry show them both the place where his robe be tear and the cut beneath them . " he say my blood would make him strong than if he have use someone else be , " Harry tell Dumbledore . " he say the protection my -- my mother leave in me -- he will have it too . and he be right -- he could touch me without hurt himself , he touch my face . " for a fleeting instant , Harry think he see a gleam of something like triumph in Dumbledore 's eye . but next second , Harry be sure he have imagine it , for when Dumbledore have return to his seat behind the desk , he look as old and weary as Harry have ever see him . " very well , " he say , sit down again . " Voldemort have overcome that particular barrier . Harry , continue , please . " Harry go on ; he explain how Voldemort have emerge from the cauldron , and tell them all he could remember of Voldemort 's speech to the Death Eaters . then he tell how Voldemort have untie him , return his wand to him , and prepare to duel . but when he reach the part where the golden beam of light have connect his and Voldemort 's wand , he find his throat obstruct . he try to keep talk , but the memory of what have come out of Voldemort 's wand be flood into his mind . he could see Cedric emerge , see the old man , Bertha Jorkins ... his father ... his mother ... he be glad when Sirius break the silence . " the wand connect ? " he say , look from Harry to Dumbledore . " why ? " Harry look up at Dumbledore again , on whose face there be an arrest look . " priori Incantatem , " he mutter . his eye gaze into Harry 's and it be almost as though an invisible beam of understand shot between them . " the Reverse Spell effect ? " say Sirius sharply . " exactly , " say Dumbledore . " Harry 's wand and Voldemort 's wand share core . each of them contain a feather from the tail of the same phoenix . this phoenix , in fact , " he add , and he point at the scarlet-and-gold bird , perch peacefully on Harry 's knee . " my wand 's feather come from Fawkes ? " Harry say , amaze . " yes , " say Dumbledore . " Mr. Ollivander write to tell me you have buy the second wand , the moment you leave his shop four year ago . " " so what happen when a wand meet its brother ? " say Sirius . " they will not work properly against each other , " say Dumbledore . " if , however , the owner of the wand force the wand to do battle ... a very rare effect will take place . one of the wand will force the other to regurgitate spell it have perform -- in reverse . the most recent first ... and then those which precede it ... " he look interrogatively at Harry , and Harry nod . " which mean , " say Dumbledore slowly , his eye upon Harry 's face , " that some form of Cedric must have reappear . " Harry nod again . " Diggory come back to life ? " say Sirius sharply . " no spell can reawaken the dead , " say Dumbledore heavily . " all that would have happen be a kind of reverse echo . a shadow of the live Cedric would have emerge from the wand ... be I correct , Harry ? " " he speak to me , " Harry say . he be suddenly shake again . " the ... the ghost Cedric , or whatever he be , speak . " " an echo , " say Dumbledore , " which retain Cedric 's appearance and character . I be guess other such form appear ... less recent victim of Voldemort 's wand ... " " an old man , " Harry say , his throat still constrict . " Bertha Jorkins . and ... " " your parent ? " say Dumbledore quietly . " yes , " say Harry . Sirius 's grip on Harry 's shoulder be now so tight it be painful . " the last murder the wand perform , " say Dumbledore , nod . " in reverse order . more would have appear , of course , have you maintain the connection . very well , Harry , these echo , these shadow ... what do they do ? " Harry describe how the figure that have emerge from the wand have prowl the edge of the golden web , how Voldemort have seem to fear them , how the shadow of Harry 's father have tell him what to do , how Cedric 's have make its final request . at this point , Harry find he could not continue . he look around at Sirius and see that he have his face in his hand . Harry suddenly become aware that Fawkes have leave his knee . the phoenix have flutter to the floor . it be rest its beautiful head against Harry 's injured leg , and thick , pearly tear be fall from its eye onto the wound leave by the spider . the pain vanish . the skin mend . his leg be repair . " I will say it again , " say Dumbledore as the phoenix rise into the air and resettle itself upon the perch beside the door . " you have show bravery beyond anything I could have expect of you tonight , Harry . you have show bravery equal to those who die fight Voldemort at the height of his power . you have shoulder a grow wizard 's burden and find yourself equal to it -- and you have now give us all that we have a right to expect . you will come with me to the hospital wing . I do not want you return to the dormitory tonight . a Sleeping Potion , and some peace ... Sirius , would you like to stay with him ? " Sirius nod and stand up . he transform back into the great black dog and walk with Harry and Dumbledore out of the office , accompany them down a flight of stair to the hospital wing . when Dumbledore push open the door , Harry see Mrs. Weasley , Bill , Ron , and Hermione group around a harassed-looking Madam Pomfrey . they appear to be demand to know where Harry be and what have happen to him . all of them whip around as Harry , Dumbledore , and the black dog enter , and Mrs. Weasley let out a kind of muffle scream . " Harry ! Oh Harry ! " she start to hurry toward him , but Dumbledore move between them . " Molly , " he say , hold up a hand , " please listen to me for a moment . Harry have be through a terrible ordeal tonight . he have just have to relive it for me . what he need now be sleep , and peace , and quiet . if he would like you all to stay with him , " he add , look around at Ron , Hermione , and Bill too , " you may do so . but I do not want you question him until he be ready to answer , and certainly not this evening . " Mrs. Weasley nod . she be very white . she round on Ron , Hermione , and Bill as though they be be noisy , and hiss , " do you hear ? he need quiet ! " " headmaster , " say Madam Pomfrey , stare at the great black dog that be Sirius , " may I ask what -- ? " " this dog will be remain with Harry for a while , " say Dumbledore simply . " I assure you , he be extremely well train . Harry -- I will wait while you get into bed . " Harry feel an inexpressible sense of gratitude to Dumbledore for ask the other not to question him . it be n't as though he do n't want them there ; but the thought of explain it all over again , the idea of relive it one more time , be more than he could stand . " I will be back to see you as soon as I have meet with Fudge , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " I would like you to remain here tomorrow until I have speak to the school . " he leave . as Madam Pomfrey lead Harry to a nearby bed , he catch sight of the real Moody lie motionless in a bed at the far end of the room . his wooden leg and magical eye be lie on the bedside table . " be he okay ? " Harry ask . " he will be fine , " say Madam Pomfrey , give Harry some pajamas and pull screen around him . he take off his robe , pull on the pajamas , and get into bed . Ron , Hermione , Bill , Mrs. Weasley , and the black dog come around the screen and settle themselves in chair on either side of him . Ron and Hermione be look at him almost cautiously , as though scared of him . " I be all right , " he tell them . " just tired . " Mrs. Weasley 's eye fill with tear as she smooth his bedcover unnecessarily . madam Pomfrey , who have bustle off to her office , return hold a small bottle of some purple potion and a goblet . " you will need to drink all of this , Harry , " she say . " it be a potion for dreamless sleep . " Harry take the goblet and drink a few mouthful . he feel himself become drowsy at once . everything around him become hazy ; the lamp around the hospital wing seem to be wink at him in a friendly way through the screen around his bed ; his body feel as though it be sink deep into the warmth of the feather matress . before he could finish the potion , before he could say another word , his exhaustion have carry him off to sleep . Harry wake up , so warm , so very sleepy , that he do n't open his eye , want to drop off again . the room be still dimly light ; he be sure it be still nighttime and have a feeling that he could n't have be asleep very long . then he hear whisper around him . " they will wake him if they do n't shut up ! " " what be they shout about ? nothing else can have happen , can it ? " Harry open his eye blearily someone have remove his glass . he could see the fuzzy outline of Mrs. Weasley and Bill close by . Mrs. Weasley be on her foot . " that be Fudge 's voice , " she whisper . " and that be Minerva McGonagall 's , be n't it ? but what be they argue about ? " now Harry could hear them too : people shout and run toward the hospital wing . " regrettable , but all the same , Minerva -- " Cornelius Fudge be say loudly . " you should never have bring it inside the castle ! " yell Professor McGonagall . " when Dumbledore find out -- " Harry hear the hospital door burst open . unnoticed by any of the people around his bed , all of whom be stare at the door as Bill pull back the screen , Harry sit up and put his glass back on . fudge come stride up the ward . professor McGonagall and Snape be at his heel . " where be Dumbledore ? " fudge demand of Mrs. Weasley . " he be not here , " say Mrs. Weasley angrily . " this be a hospital wing , Minister , do n't you think you will do well to -- " but the door open , and Dumbledore come sweep up the ward . " what have happen ? " say Dumbledore sharply , look from Fudge to Professor McGonagall . " why be you disturb these people ? Minerva , I be surprise at you -- I ask you to stand guard over Barty Crouch -- " " there be no need to stand guard over him anymore , Dumbledore ! " she shriek . " the Minister have see to that ! " Harry have never see Professor McGonagall lose control like this . there be angry blotch of color in her cheek , and her hand be ball into fist ; she be tremble with fury . " when we tell Mr. Fudge that we have catch the Death Eater responsible for tonight 's event , " say Snape , in a low voice , " he seem to feel his personal safety be in question . he insist on summon a dementor to accompany him into the castle . he bring it up to the office where Barty Crouch -- " " I tell him you would not agree , Dumbledore ! " Professor McGonagall fume . " I tell him you would never allow dementors to set foot inside the castle , but -- " " my dear woman ! " roar Fudge , who likewise look angry than Harry have ever see him , " as Minister of Magic , it be my decision whether I wish to bring protection with me when interview a possibly dangerous -- " but Professor McGonagall 's voice drown Fudge 's . " the moment that -- that thing enter the room , " she scream , point at Fudge , tremble all over , " it swoop down on Crouch and -- and -- " Harry feel a chill in his stomach as Professor McGonagall struggle to find word to describe what have happen . he do not need her to finish her sentence . he know what the dementor must have do . it have administer its fatal kiss to Barty Crouch . it have suck his soul out through his mouth . he be worse than dead . " by all account , he be no loss ! " bluster Fudge . " it seem he have be responsible for several death ! " " but he can now give testimony , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore . he be stare hard at Fudge , as though see him plainly for the first time . " he can give evidence about why he kill those people . " " why he kill them ? well , that be no mystery , be it ? " bluster Fudge . " he be a raving lunatic ! from what Minerva and Severus have tell me , he seem to have think he be do it all on You-Know-Who 's instruction ! " " Lord Voldemort be give him instruction , Cornelius , " Dumbledore say . " those people 's death be mere by-product of a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again . the plan succeed . Voldemort have be restore to his body . " Fudge look as though someone have just swing a heavy weight into his face . daze and blink , he stare back at Dumbledore as if he could n't quite believe what he have just hear . he begin to sputter , still goggle at Dumbledore . " You-Know-Who ... return ? preposterous . come now , Dumbledore ... " " as Minerva and Severus have doubtless tell you , " say Dumbledore , " we hear Barry Crouch confess . under the influence of Veritaserum , he tell us how he be smuggle out of Azkaban , and how Voldemort -- learn of his continued existence from Bertha Jorkins -- go to free him from his father and use him to capture Harry . the plan work , I tell you . crouch have help Voldemort to return . " " see here , Dumbledore , " say Fudge , and Harry be astonish to see a slight smile dawn on his face , " you -- you ca n't seriously believe that . You-Know-Who -- back ? come now , come now ... certainly , Crouch may have believe himself to be act upon You-Know-Who 's order -- but to take the word of a lunatic like that , Dumbledore ... " " when Harry touch the Triwizard Cup tonight , he be transport straight to Voldemort , " say Dumbledore steadily . " he witness Lord Voldemort 's rebirth . I will explain it all to you if you will step up to my office . " Dumbledore glance around at Harry and see that he be awake , but shake his head and say , " I be afraid I can permit you to question Harry tonight . " Fudge 's curious smile linger . he too glance at Harry , then look back at Dumbledore , and say , " you be -- er -- prepare to take Harry 's word on this , be you , Dumbledore ? " there be a moment 's silence , which be break by Sirius growl . his hackle be raise , and he be bare his tooth at Fudge . " certainly , I believe Harry , " say Dumbledore . his eye be blaze now . " I hear Crouch 's confession , and I hear Harry 's account of what happen after he touch the Triwizard Cup ; the two story make sense , they explain everything that have happen since Bertha Jorkins disappear last summer . " Fudge still have that strange smile on his face . once again , he glance at Harry before answering . " you be prepare to believe that Lord Voldemort have return , on the word of a lunatic murderer , and a boy who ... well ... " Fudge shoot Harry another look , and Harry suddenly understand . " you have be read Rita Skeeter , Mr. Fudge , " he say quietly . Ron , Hermione , Mrs. Weasley , and Bill all jump . none of them have realize that Harry be awake . fudge redden slightly , but a defiant and obstinate look come over his face . " and if I have ? " he say , look at Dumbledore . " if I have discover that you have be keep certain fact about the boy very quiet ? a Parselmouth , eh ? and have funny turn all over the place -- " " I assume that you be refer to the pain Harry have be experience in his scar ? " say Dumbledore coolly . " you admit that he have be have these pain , then ? " say Fudge quickly . " headache ? nightmare ? possibly -- hallucination ? " " listen to me , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore , take a step toward Fudge , and once again , he seem to radiate that indefinable sense of power that Harry have feel after Dumbledore have stun young Crouch . " Harry be as sane as you or I. that scar upon his forehead have not addle his brain . I believe it hurt him when Lord Voldemort be close by , or feel particularly murderous . " fudge have take half a step back from Dumbledore , but he look no less stubborn . " you will forgive me , Dumbledore , but I have never hear of a curse scar act as an alarm bell before ... " " look , I see Voldemort come back ! " Harry shout . he try to get out of bed again , but Mrs. Weasley force him back . " I see the Death Eaters ! I can give you their name ! Lucius Malfoy -- " Snape make a sudden movement , but as Harry look at him , Snape 's eye fly back to Fudge . " Malfoy be clear ! " say Fudge , visibly affront . " a very old family -- donation to excellent cause -- " " Macnair ! " Harry continue . " also clear ! now work for the Ministry ! " " Avery -- Nott -- Crabbe -- Goyle -- " " you be merely repeat the name of those who be acquit of be Death Eaters thirteen year ago ! " say Fudge angrily . " you could have find those name in old report of the trial ! for heaven 's sake , Dumbledore -- the boy be full of some crackpot story at the end of last year too -- his tale be get tall , and you be still swallow them -- the boy can talk to snake , Dumbledore , and you still think he be trustworthy ? " " you fool ! " Professor McGonagall cry . " Cedric Diggory ! Mr. Crouch ! these death be not the random work of a lunatic ! " " I see no evidence to the contrary ! " shout Fudge , now match her anger , his face purpling . " it seem to me that you be all determine to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have work for these last thirteen year ! " Harry could n't believe what he be hear . he have always think of Fudge as a kindly figure , a little bluster , a little pompous , but essentially good-natured . but now a short , angry wizard stand before him , refuse , point-blank , to accept the prospect of disruption in his comfortable and order world -- to believe that Voldemort could have rise . " Voldemort have return , " Dumbledore repeat . " if you accept that fact straightaway , Fudge , and take the necessary measure , we may still be able to save the situation . the first and most essential step be to remove Azkaban from the control of the dementors -- " " preposterous ! " shout Fudge again . " remove the dementors ? I will be kick out of office for suggest it ! half of us only feel safe in our bed at night because we know the dementors be stand guard at Azkaban ! " " the rest of us sleep less soundly in our bed , Cornelius , know that you have put Lord Voldemort 's most dangerous supporter in the care of creature who will join him the instant he ask them ! " say Dumbledore . " they will not remain loyal to you , Fudge ! Voldemort can offer them much more scope for their power and their pleasure than you can ! with the dementors behind him , and his old supporter return to him , you will be hard-pressed to stop him regain the sort of power he have thirteen year ago ! " fudge be open and close his mouth as though no word could express his outrage . " the second step you must take -- and at once , " Dumbledore press on , " be to send envoy to the giant . " " envoy to the giant ? " Fudge shriek , find his tongue again . " what madness be this ? " " extend them the hand of friendship , now , before it be too late , " say Dumbledore , " or Voldemort will persuade them , as he do before , that he alone among wizard will give them their right and their freedom ! " " you -- you can be serious ! " Fudge gasp , shake his head and retreat further from Dumbledore . " if the magical community get wind that I have approach the giant -- people hate them , Dumbledore -- end of my career -- " " you be blind , " say Dumbledore , his voice rise now , the aura of power around him palpable , his eye blaze once more , " by the love of the office you hold , Cornelius ! you place too much importance , and you always have do , on the so-called purity of blood ! you fail to recognize that it matter not what someone be bear , but what they grow to be ! your dementor have just destroy the last remain member of a pure-blood family as old as any -- and see what that man choose to make of his life ! I tell you now -- take the step I have suggest , and you will be remember , in office or out , as one of the brave and great Ministers of Magic we have ever know . fail to act -- and history will remember you as the man who step aside and allow Voldemort a second chance to destroy the world we have try to rebuild ! " " insane , " whisper Fudge , still back away . " Mad ... " and then there be silence . madam Pomfrey be standing freeze at the foot of Harry 's bed , her hand over her mouth . Mrs. Weasley be still stand over Harry , her hand on his shoulder to prevent him from rise . Bill , Ron , and Hermione be stare at Fudge . " if your determination to shut your eye will carry you as far as this , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore , " we have reach a parting of the way . you must act as you see fit . and I -- I shall act as I see fit . " Dumbledore 's voice carry no hint of a threat ; it sound like a mere statement , but Fudge bristle as though Dumbledore be advance upon him with a wand . " now , see here , Dumbledore , " he say , wave a threatening finger . " I have give you free rein , always . I have have a lot of respect for you . I might not have agree with some of your decision , but I have keep quiet . there be n't many who will have let you hire werewolf , or keep Hagrid , or decide what to teach your student without reference to the Ministry . but if you be go to work against me -- " " the only one against whom I intend to work , " say Dumbledore , " be Lord Voldemort . if you be against him , then we remain , Cornelius , on the same side . " it seem Fudge could think of no answer to this . he rock backward and forward on his small foot for a moment and spin his bowler hat in his hand . finally , he say , with a hint of a plea in his voice , " he ca n't be back , Dumbledore , he just ca n't be ... " Snape stride forward , past Dumbledore , pull up the leave sleeve of his robe as he go . he stick out his forearm and show it to Fudge , who recoil . " there , " say Snape harshly . " there . the Dark Mark . it be not as clear as it be an hour or so ago , when it burn black , but you can still see it . every Death Eater have the sign burn into him by the Dark Lord . it be a means of distinguish one another , and his mean of summon us to him . when he touch the mark of any Death Eater , we be to Disapparate , and Apparate , instantly , at his side . this Mark have be grow clear all year . Karkaroff be too . why do you think Karkaroff flee tonight ? we both feel the Mark burn . we both know he have return . Karkaroff fear the Dark Lord 's vengeance . he betray too many of his fellow death eater to be sure of a welcome back into the fold . " fudge step back from Snape too . he be shake his head . he do not seem to have take in a word Snape have say . he stare , apparently repel by the ugly mark on Snape 's arm , then look up at Dumbledore and whisper , " I do n't know what you and your staff be play at , Dumbledore , but I have hear enough . I have no more to add . I will be in touch with you tomorrow , Dumbledore , to discuss the running of this school . I must return to the Ministry . " he have almost reach the door when he pause . he turn around , stride back down the dormitory , and stop at Harry 's bed . " your winning , " he say shortly , take a large bag of gold out of his pocket and drop it onto Harry 's bedside table . " one thousand Galleons . there should have be a presentation ceremony , but under the circumstance ... " he cram his bowler hat onto his head and walk out of the room , slam the door behind him . the moment he have disappear , Dumbledore turn to look at the group around Harry 's bed . " there be work to be do , " he say . " Molly ... be I right in think that I can count on you and Arthur ? " " of course you can , " say Mrs. Weasley . she be white to the lip , but she look resolute . " we know what Fudge be . it be Arthur 's fondness for Muggles that have hold him back at the Ministry all these year . Fudge think he lack proper wizarding pride . " " then I need to send a message to Arthur , " say Dumbledore . " all those that we can persuade of the truth must be notify immediately , and he be well place to contact those at the Ministry who be not as shortsighted as Cornelius . " " I will go to Dad , " say Bill , stand up . " I will go now . " " excellent , " say Dumbledore . " tell him what have happen . tell him I will be in direct contact with him shortly . he will need to be discreet , however . if Fudge think I be interfere at the Ministry -- " " leave it to me , " say Bill . he clap a hand on Harry 's shoulder , kiss his mother on the cheek , pull on his cloak , and stride quickly from the room . " Minerva , " say Dumbledore , turn to Professor McGonagall , " I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible . also -- if she will consent to come -- Madame Maxime . " Professor McGonagall nod and leave without a word . " poppy , " Dumbledore say to Madam Pomfrey , " would you be very kind and go down to Professor Moody 's office , where I think you will find a house-elf call Winky in considerable distress ? do what you can for her , and take her back to the kitchen . I think Dobby will look after her for us . " " very -- very well , " say Madam Pomfrey , look startle , and she too leave . Dumbledore make sure that the door be close , and that Madam Pomfrey 's footstep have die away , before he speak again . " and now , " he say , " it be time for two of our number to recognize each other for what they be . Sirius ... if you could resume your usual form . " the great black dog look up at Dumbledore , then , in an instant , turn back into a man . Mrs. Weasley scream and leap back from the bed . " Sirius Black ! " she shriek , point at him . " Mum , shut up ! " Ron yell . " it be okay ! " Snape have not yell or jump backward , but the look on his face be one of mingle fury and horror . " him ! " he snarl , stare at Sirius , whose face show equal dislike . " what be he do here ? " " he be here at my invitation , " say Dumbledore , look between them , " as be you , Severus . I trust you both . it be time for you to lay aside your old difference and trust each other . " Harry think Dumbledore be ask for a near miracle . Sirius and Snape be eye each other with the utmost loathing . " I will settle , in the short term , " say Dumbledore , with a bite of impatience in his voice , " for a lack of open hostility . you will shake hand . you be on the same side now . time be short , and unless the few of us who know the truth do not stand unite , there be no hope for any of us . " very slowly -- but still glaring at each other as though each wish the other nothing but ill -- Sirius and Snape move toward each other and shake hand . they let go extremely quickly . " that will do to be go on with , " say Dumbledore , step between them once more . " now I have work for each of you . Fudge 's attitude , though not unexpected , change everything . Sirius , I need you to set off at once . you be to alert Remus Lupin , Arabella Figg , Mundungus Fletcher -- the old crowd . lie low at Lupins for a while ; I will contact you there . " " but -- " say Harry . he want Sirius to stay . he do not want to have to say goodbye again so quickly . " you will see me very soon , Harry , " say Sirius , turn to him . " I promise you . but I must do what I can , you understand , do n't you ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " yeah ... of course I do . " Sirius grasp his hand briefly , nod to Dumbledore , transform again into the black dog , and run the length of the room to the door , whose handle he turn with a paw . then he be go . " Severus , " say Dumbledore , turn to Snape , " you know what I must ask you to do . if you be ready ... if you be prepare ... " " I be , " say Snape . he look slightly pale than usual , and his cold , black eye glitter strangely . " then good luck , " say Dumbledore , and he watch , with a trace of apprehension on his face , as Snape sweep wordlessly after Sirius . it be several minute before Dumbledore speak again . " I must go downstairs , " he say finally . " I must see the Diggorys . Harry -- take the rest of your potion . I will see all of you later . " Harry slump back against his pillow as Dumbledore disappear . Hermione , Ron , and Mrs. Weasley be all look at him . none of them speak for a very long time . " you have get to take the rest of your potion , Harry , " Mrs. Weasley say at last . her hand nudge the sack of gold on his bedside cabinet as she reach for the bottle and the goblet . " you have a good long sleep . try and think about something else for a while ... think about what you be go to buy with your winning ! " " I do n't want that gold , " say Harry in an expressionless voice . " you have it . anyone can have it . I should n't have win it . it should have be Cedric 's . " the thing against which he have be fight on and off ever since he have come out of the maze be threaten to overpower him . he could feel a burning , prickle feeling in the inner corner of his eye . he blink and stare up at the ceiling . " it be n't your fault , Harry , " Mrs. Weasley whisper . " I tell him to take the cup with me , " say Harry . now the burning feeling be in his throat too . he wish Ron would look away . Mrs. Weasley set the potion down on the bedside cabinet , bend down , and put her arm around Harry . he have no memory of ever be hug like this , as though by a mother . the full weight of everything he have see that night seem to fall in upon him as Mrs. Weasley hold him to her . his mother 's face , his father 's voice , the sight of Cedric , dead on the ground all start spin in his head until he could hardly bear it , until he be screw up his face against the howl of misery fight to get out of him . there be a loud slam noise , and Mrs. Weasley and Harry break apart . Hermione be stand by the window . she be hold something tight in her hand . " sorry , " she whisper . " your potion , Harry , " say Mrs. Weasley quickly , wipe her eye on the back of her hand . Harry drink it in one gulp . the effect be instantaneous . heavy , irresistible wave of dreamless sleep break over him ; he fall back onto his pillow and think no more . Chapter @card@ the beginning when he look back , even a month later , Harry find he have only scatter memory of the next few day . it be as though he have be through too much to take in any more . the recollection he do have be very painful . the bad , perhaps , be the meeting with the Diggorys that take place the follow morning . they do not blame him for what have happen ; on the contrary , both thank him for return Cedric 's body to them . Mr. Diggory sob through most of the interview . Mrs. Diggory 's grief seem to be beyond tear . " he suffer very little then , " she say , when Harry have tell her how Cedric have die . " and after all , Amos ... he die just when he have win the tournament . he must have be happy . " when they get to their foot , she look down at Harry and say , " you look after yourself , now . " Harry seize the sack of gold on the bedside table . " you take this , " he mutter to her . " it should have be Cedric 's , he get there first , you take it -- " but she back away from him . " oh no , it be yours , dear , I could n't ... you keep it . " Harry return to Gryffindor Tower the follow evening . from what Hermione and Ron tell him , Dumbledore have speak to the school that morning at breakfast . he have merely request that they leave Harry alone , that nobody ask him question or badger him to tell the story of what have happen in the maze . most people , he notice , be skirt him in the corridor , avoid his eye . some whisper behind their hand as he pass . he guess that many of them have believe Rita Skeeter 's article about how disturbed and possibly dangerous he be . perhaps they be formulate their own theory about how Cedric have die . he find he do n't care very much . he like it good when he be with Ron and Hermione and they be talk about other thing , or else let him sit in silence while they play chess . he feel as though all three of them have reach an understanding they do n't need to put into word ; that each be wait for some sign , some word , of what be go on outside Hogwarts -- and that it be useless to speculate about what might be come until they know anything for certain . the only time they touch upon the subject be when Ron tell Harry about a meeting Mrs. Weasley have have with Dumbledore before go home . " she go to ask him if you could come straight to us this summer , " he say . " but he want you to go back to the Dursley , at least at first . " " why ? " say Harry . " she say Dumbledore 's get his reason , " say Ron , shake his head darkly . " I suppose we have get to trust him , have n't we ? " the only person apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry feel able to talk to be Hagrid . as there be no longer a defense against the Dark Arts teacher , they have those lesson free . they use the one on Thursday afternoon to go down and visit Hagrid in his cabin . it be a bright and sunny day ; Fang bound out of the open door as they approach , bark and wag his tail madly . " who be that ? " call Hagrid , come to the door . " Harry ! " he stride out to meet them , pull Harry into a one-armed hug , ruffle his hair , and say , " good ter see yeh , mate . good ter see yeh . " they see two bucket-size cup and saucer on the wooden table in front of the fireplace when they enter Hagrid 's cabin . " Bin havin ' a cuppa with Olympe , " Hagrid say . " she be jus ' left . " " who ? " say Ron curiously . " Madame Maxime , o ' course ! " say Hagrid . " you two make up , have you ? " say Ron . " dunno what yeh be talkin ' about , " say Hagrid airily , fetch more cup from the dresser . when he have make tea and offer around a plate of doughy cookie , he lean back in his chair and survey Harry closely through his beetle-black eye . " you all righ ' ? " he say gruffly . " yeah , " say Harry . " no , yeh be not , " say Hagrid . " ' Course Yeh be not . but yeh will be . " Harry say nothing . " know he be goin ' ter come back , " say Hagrid , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione look up at him , shock . " know it fer year , Harry . know he be out there , bidin ' his time . it have ter happen . well , now it have , an ' we will jus ' have ter get on with it . we will fight . Migh ' be able ter stop him before he get a good hold . that be Dumbledore 's plan , anyway . great man , Dumbledore . ' S long as we have get him , I be not too worry . " Hagrid raise his bushy eyebrow at the disbelieve expression on their face . " no good sittin ' worryin ' abou ' it , " he say . " what be comin ' will come , an ' we will meet it when it do . Dumbledore tell me wha ' you do , Harry . " Hagrid 's chest swell as he look at Harry . " Yeh do as much as yer father would have do , an ' I can ' give Yeh no high praise than that . " Harry smile back at him . it be the first time he have smile in day . " what be Dumbledore ask you to do , Hagrid ? " he ask . " he send Professor McGonagall to ask you and Madame Maxime to meet him -- that night . " " get a little job fer me over the summer , " say Hagrid . " secret , though . I be not s'pposed ter talk abou ' it , no , not even ter you lot . Olympe -- Madame Maxime ter you -- might be comin ' with me . I think she will . think I get her persuade . " " be it to do with Voldemort ? " Hagrid flinch at the sound of the name . " Migh ' be , " he say evasively . " now ... who will like ter come an ' visit the la ' skrewt with me ? I be jokin ' -- jokin ' ! " he add hastily , see the look on their face . * * * it be with a heavy heart that Harry pack his trunk up in the dormitory on the night before his return to Privet Drive . he be dread the Leaving Feast , which be usually a cause for celebration , when the winner of the Inter-House Championship would be announce . he have avoid be in the Great Hall when it be full ever since he have leave the hospital wing , prefer to eat when it be nearly empty to avoid the stare of his fellow student . when he , Ron , and Hermione enter the Hall , they see at once that the usual decoration be miss . the Great Hall be normally decorate with the win House 's color for the Leaving Feast . tonight , however , there be black drape on the wall behind the teacher ' table . Harry know instantly that they be there as a mark of respect to Cedric . the real Mad-Eye Moody be at the staff table now , his wooden leg and his magical eye back in place . he be extremely twitchy , jump every time someone speak to him . Harry could n't blame him ; Moody 's fear of attack be bind to have be increase by his Ten-month imprisonment in his own trunk . Professor Karkaroff 's chair be empty . Harry wonder , as he sit down with the other Gryffindors , where Karkaroff be now , and whether Voldemort have catch up with him . Madame Maxime be still there . she be sit next to Hagrid . they be talk quietly together . further along the table , sit next to Professor McGonagall , be Snape . his eye linger on Harry for a moment as Harry look at him . his expression be difficult to read . he look as sour and unpleasant as ever . Harry continue to watch him , long after Snape have look away . what be it that Snape have do on Dumbledore 's order , the night that Voldemort have return ? and why ... why ... be Dumbledore so convince that Snape be truly on their side ? he have be their spy , Dumbledore have say so in the Pensieve . Snape have turn spy against Voldemort , " at great personal risk . " be that the job he have take up again ? have he make contact with the Death Eaters , perhaps ? pretend that he have never really go over to Dumbledore , that he have be , like Voldemort himself , bide his time ? Harry 's musing be end by Professor Dumbledore , who stand up at the staff table . the Great Hall , which in any case have be less noisy than it usually be at the Leaving Feast , become very quiet . " the end , " say Dumbledore , look around at them all , " of another year . " he pause , and his eye fall upon the Hufflepuff table . theirs have be the most subdued table before he have get to his foot , and theirs be still the sad and pale face in the Hall . " there be much that I would like to say to you all tonight , " say Dumbledore , " but I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person , who should be sit here , " he gesture toward the Hufflepuffs , " enjoy our feast with us . I would like you all , please , to stand , and raise your glass , to Cedric Diggory . " they do it , all of them ; the bench scrape as everyone in the Hall stand , and raise their goblet , and echo , in one loud , low , rumble voice , " Cedric Diggory . " Harry catch a glimpse of Cho through the crowd . there be tear pour silently down her face . he look down at the table as they all sit down again . " Cedric be a person who exemplify many of the quality that distinguish Hufflepuff house , " Dumbledore continue . " he be a good and loyal friend , a hard worker , he value fair play . his death have affect you all , whether you know him well or not . I think that you have the right , therefore , to know exactly how it come about . " Harry raise his head and stare at Dumbledore . " Cedric Diggory be murder by Lord Voldemort . " a panic whisper sweep the Great Hall . people be stare at Dumbledore in disbelief , in horror . he look perfectly calm as he watch them mutter themselves into silence . " the Ministry of Magic , " Dumbledore continue , " do not wish me to tell you this . it be possible that some of your parent will be horrify that I have do so -- either because they will not believe that Lord Voldemort have return , or because they think I should not tell you so , young as you be . it be my belief , however , that the truth be generally preferable to lie , and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric die as the result of an accident , or some sort of blunder of his own , be an insult to his memory . " stun and frighten , every face in the Hall be turn toward Dumbledore now ... or almost every face . over at the Slytherin table , Harry see Draco Malfoy mutter something to Crabbe and Goyle . Harry feel a hot , sick swoop of anger in his stomach . he force himself to look back at Dumbledore . " there be somebody else who must be mention in connection with Cedric 's death , " Dumbledore go on . " I be talk , of course , about Harry Potter . " a kind of ripple cross the Great Hall as a few head turn in Harry 's direction before flick back to face Dumbledore . " Harry Potter manage to escape Lord Voldemort , " say Dumbledore . " he risk his own life to return Cedric 's body to Hogwarts . he show , in every respect , the sort of bravery that few wizard have ever show in face Lord Voldemort , and for this , I honor him . " Dumbledore turn gravely to Harry and raise his goblet once more . nearly everyone in the Great Hall follow suit . they murmur his name , as they have murmur Cedric 's , and drink to him . but through a gap in the standing figure , Harry see that Malfoy , Crabbe , Goyle , and many of the other Slytherins have remain defiantly in their seat , their goblet untouched . Dumbledore , who after all possess no magical eye , do not see them . when everyone have once again resume their seat , Dumbledore continue , " the Triwizard Tournament 's aim be to further and promote magical understanding . in the light of what have happen -- of Lord Voldemort 's return -- such tie be more important than ever before . " Dumbledore look from Madame Maxime and Hagrid , to Fleur Delacour and her fellow Beauxbatons student , to Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the Slytherin table . Krum , Harry see , look wary , almost frighten , as though he expect Dumbledore to say something harsh . " every guest in this Hall , " say Dumbledore , and his eye linger upon the Durmstrang student , " will be welcome back here at any time , should they wish to come . I say to you all , once again -- in the light of Lord Voldemort 's return , we be only as strong as we be unite , as weak as we be divide . Lord Voldemort 's gift for spread discord and enmity be very great . we can fight it only by show an equally strong bond of friendship and trust . difference of habit and language be nothing at all if our aim be identical and our heart be open . " it be my belief -- and never have I so hope that I be mistake -- that we be all face dark and difficult time . some of you in this Hall have already suffer directly at the hand of Lord Voldemort . many of your family have be tear asunder . a week ago , a student be take from our midst . " remember Cedric . remember , if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what be right and what be easy , remember what happen to a boy who be good , and kind , and brave , because he stray across the path of Lord Voldemort . remember Cedric Diggory . " Harry 's trunk be pack ; Hedwig be back in her cage on top of it . he , Ron , and Hermione be wait in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the fourth year for the carriage that would take them back to Hogsmeade station . it be another beautiful summer 's day . he suppose that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy , its flower bed a riot of color , when he arrive there that evening . the thought give him no pleasure at all . " ' Arry ! " he look around . Fleur Delacour be hurry up the stone step into the castle . beyond her , far across the ground , Harry could see Hagrid help Madame Maxime to back two of the giant horse into their harness . the Beauxbatons carriage be about to take off . " we will see each uzzer again , I ' ope , " say Fleur as she reach him , hold out her hand . " I be ' ope to get a job ' ere , to improve my Eenglish . " " it be very good already , " say Ron in a strangle sort of voice . Fleur smile at him ; Hermione scowl . " Good-bye , ' Arry , " say Fleur , turn to go . " it ' az be a pleasure meet you ! " Harry 's spirit could n't help but lift slightly as he watch Fleur hurry back across the lawn to Madame Maxime , her silvery hair ripple in the sunlight . " wonder how the Durmstrang student be get back , " say Ron . " D'you reckon they can steer that ship without Karkaroff ? " " Karkaroff do not steer , " say a gruff voice . " he stay in his cabin and let us do the vork . " Krum have come to say good-bye to Hermione . " could I have a vord ? " he ask her . " oh ... yes ... all right , " say Hermione , look slightly fluster , and follow Krum through the crowd and out of sight . " you will well hurry up ! " Ron call loudly after her . " the carriage will be here in a minute ! " he let Harry keep a watch for the carriage , however , and spend the next few minute crane his neck over the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione might be up to . they return quite soon . Ron stare at Hermione , but her face be quite impassive . " I like Diggory , " say Krum abruptly to Harry . " he vos alvays polite to me . Alvays . even though I vos from Durmstrang -- with Karkaroff , " he add , scowl . " have you get a new headmaster yet ? " say Harry . Krum shrug . he hold out his hand as Fleur have do , shake Harry 's hand , and then Ron 's . Ron look as though he be suffer some sort of painful internal struggle . Krum have already start walk away when Ron burst out , " can I have your autograph ? " Hermione turn away , smile at the horseless carriage that be now trundle toward them up the drive , as Krum , look surprised but gratify , sign a fragment of parchment for Ron . the weather could not have be more different on the journey back to King 's Cross than it have be on their way to Hogwarts the previous September . there be n't a single cloud in the sky . Harry , Ron , and Hermione have manage to get a compartment to themselves . Pigwidgeon be once again hide under Ron 's dress robe to stop him from hoot continually ; Hedwig be doze , her head under her wing , and Crookshanks be curl up in a spare seat like a large , furry ginger cushion . Harry , Ron , and Hermione talk more fully and freely than they have all week as the train speed them southward . Harry feel as though Dumbledore 's speech at the Leaving Feast have unblocked him , somehow . it be less painful to discuss what have happen now . they break off their conversation about what action Dumbledore might be take , even now , to stop Voldemort only when the lunch trolley arrive . when Hermione return from the trolley and put her money back into her schoolbag , she dislodge a copy of the Daily Prophet that she have be carry in there . Harry look at it , unsure whether he really want to know what it might say , but Hermione , see him look at it , say calmly , " there be nothing in there . you can look for yourself , but there be nothing at all . I have be check every day . just a small piece the day after the third task say you win the tournament . they do n't even mention Cedric . nothing about any of it . if you ask me , Fudge be force them to keep quiet . " " he will never keep Rita quiet , " say Harry . " not on a story like this . " " oh , Rita have n't write anything at all since the third task , " say Hermione in an oddly constrain voice . " as a matter of fact , " she add , her voice now tremble slightly , " Rita Skeeter be n't go to be write anything at all for a while . not unless she want me to spill the bean on her . " " what be you talk about ? " say Ron . " I find out how she be listen in on private conversation when she be n't suppose to be come onto the ground , " say Hermione in a rush . Harry have the impression that Hermione have be die to tell them this for day , but that she have restrain herself in light of everything else that have happen . " how be she do it ? " say Harry at once . " how do you find out ? " say Ron , stare at her . " well , it be you , really , who give me the idea , Harry , " she say . " do I ? " say Harry , perplex . " how ? " " bug , " say Hermione happily . " but you say they do n't work -- " " oh not electronic bug , " say Hermione . " no , you see ... Rita Skeeter " -- Hermione 's voice tremble with quiet triumph -- " be an unregistered Animagus . she can turn -- " Hermione pull a small sealed glass jar out of her bag . " - into a beetle . " " you be kid , " say Ron . " you have n't ... she be not ... " " oh yes she be , " say Hermione happily , brandish the jar at them . inside be a few twig and leaf and one large , fat beetle . " that be never -- you be kid -- " Ron whisper , lift the jar to his eye . " no , I be not , " say Hermione , beaming . " I catch her on the windowsill in the hospital wing . look very closely , and you will notice the marking around her antenna be exactly like those foul glass she wear . " Harry look and see that she be quite right . he also remember something . " there be a beetle on the statue the night we hear Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about his mum ! " " exactly , " say Hermione . " and Viktor pull a beetle out of my hair after we have have our conversation by the lake . and unless I be very much mistake , Rita be perch on the windowsill of the Divination class the day your scar hurt . she have be buzz around for story all year . " " when we see Malfoy under that tree ... " say Ron slowly . " he be talk to her , in his hand , " say Hermione . " he know , of course . that be how she have be get all those nice little interview with the Slytherins . they would n't care that she be do something illegal , as long as they be give her horrible stuff about us and Hagrid . " Hermione take the glass jar back from Ron and smile at the beetle , which buzz angrily against the glass . " I have tell her I will let her out when we get back to London , " say Hermione . " I have put an unbreakable Charm on the jar , you see , so she ca n't transform . and I have tell her she be to keep her quill to herself for a whole year . see if she ca n't break the habit of write horrible lie about people . " smile serenely , Hermione place the beetle back inside her schoolbag . the door of the compartment slide open . " very clever , Granger , " say Draco Malfoy . Crabbe and Goyle be stand behind him . all three of them look more pleased with themselves , more arrogant and more menace , than Harry have ever see them . " so , " say Malfoy slowly , advance slightly into the compartment and look slowly around at them , a smirk quiver on his lip . " you catch some pathetic reporter , and Potter 's Dumbledore 's favorite boy again . big deal . " his smirk widen . Crabbe and Goyle leer . " try not to think about it , be we ? " say Malfoy softly , look around at all three of them . " try to pretend it have n't happen ? " " get out , " say Harry . he have not be this close to Malfoy since he have watch him mutter to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledore 's speech about Cedric . he could feel a kind of ring in his ear . his hand grip his wand under his robe . " you have pick the lose side , Potter ! I warn you ! I tell you you ought to choose your company more carefully , remember ? when we meet on the train , first day at Hogwarts ? I tell you not to hang around with riffraff like this ! " he jerk his head at Ron and Hermione . " too late now , Potter ! they will be the first to go , now the Dark Lord 's back ! Mudbloods and Muggle-lovers first ! well -- second -- Diggory be the f -- " it be as though someone have explode a box of firework within the compartment . blind by the blaze of the spell that have blast from every direction , deafen by a series of bang , Harry blink and look down at the floor . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be all lie unconscious in the doorway . he , Ron , and Hermione be on their foot , all three of them have use a different hex . nor be they the only one to have do so . " think we will see what those three be up to , " say Fred matter-of-factly , step onto Goyle and into the compartment . he have his wand out , and so do George , who be careful to tread on Malfoy as he follow Fred inside . " interesting effect , " say George , look down at Crabbe . " who use the Furnunculus Curse ? " " me , " say Harry . " odd , " say George lightly . " I use Jelly-Legs . look as though those two should n't be mix . he seem to have sprout little tentacle all over his face . well , let be not leave them here , they do n't add much to the decor . " Ron , Harry , and George kick , roll , and push the unconscious Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle -- each of whom look distinctly the bad for the jumble of jinx with which they have be hit -- out into the corridor , then come back into the compartment and roll the door shut . " explode Snap , anyone ? " say Fred , pull out a pack of card . they be halfway through their fifth game when Harry decide to ask them . " you go to tell us , then ? " he say to George . " who you be blackmail ? " " oh , " say George darkly . " that . " " it do n't matter , " say Fred , shake his head impatiently . " it be n't anything important . not now , anyway . " " we have give up , " say George , shrug . but Harry , Ron , and Hermione keep on ask , and finally , Fred say , " all right , all right , if you really want to know ... it be Ludo Bagman . " " bagman ? " say Harry sharply . " be you say he be involve in -- " " Nah , " say George gloomily . " nothing like that . stupid git . he would n't have the brain . " " well , what , then ? " say Ron . Fred hesitate , then say , " you remember that bet we have with him at the Quidditch World Cup ? about how Ireland would win , but Krum would get the Snitch ? " " yeah , " say Harry and Ron slowly . " well , the git pay us in leprechaun gold he have catch from the Irish mascot . " " so ? " " so , " say Fred impatiently , " it vanish , do n't it ? by next morning , it have go ! " " but -- it must have be an accident , must n't it ? " say Hermione . George laugh very bitterly . " yeah , that be what we think , at first . we think if we just write to him , and tell him he have make a mistake , he will cough up . but nothing do . ignore our letter . we keep try to talk to him about it at Hogwarts , but he be always make some excuse to get away from us . " " in the end , he turn pretty nasty , " say Fred . " tell us we be too young to gamble , and he be n't give us anything . " " so we ask for our money back , " say George glower . " he do n't refuse ! " gasp Hermione . " right in one , " say Fred . " but that be all your saving ! " say Ron . " tell me about it , " say George . " ' Course , we find out what be go on in the end . Lee Jordan 's dad have have a bit of trouble get money off Bagman as well . turn out he be in big trouble with the goblin . borrowed load of gold off them . a gang of them corner him in the wood after the World Cup and take all the gold he have , and it still be n't enough to cover all his debt . they follow him all the way to Hogwarts to keep an eye on him . he be lose everything gambling . have n't get two Galleons to rub together . and you know how the idiot try to pay the goblin back ? " " how ? " say Harry . " he put a bet on you , mate , " say Fred . " put a big bet on you to win the tournament . bet against the goblin . " " so that be why he keep try to help me win ! " say Harry . " well -- I do win , do n't I ? so he can pay you your gold ! " " Nope , " say George , shake his head . " the goblin play as dirty as him . they say you draw with Diggory , and Bagman be bet you will win outright . so Bagman have to run for it . he do run for it right after the third task . " George sigh deeply and start deal out the card again . the rest of the journey pass pleasantly enough ; Harry wish it could have go on all summer , in fact , and that he would never arrive at King 's Cross ... but as he have learn the hard way that year , time will not slow down when something unpleasant lie ahead , and all too soon , the Hogwarts Express be pull in at platform nine and three-quarter . the usual confusion and noise fill the corridor as the student begin to disembark . Ron and Hermione struggle out past Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , carry their trunk . Harry , however , stay put . " Fred -- George -- wait a moment . " the twin turn . Harry pull open his trunk and draw out his Triwizard winning . " take it , " he say , and he thrust the sack into George 's hand . " what ? " say Fred , look flabbergast . " take it , " Harry repeat firmly . " I do n't want it . " " you be mental , " say George , try to push it back at Harry . " no , I be not , " say Harry . " you take it , and get invent . it be for the joke shop . " " he be mental , " Fred say in an almost awe voice . " listen , " say Harry firmly . " if you do n't take it , I be throw it down the drain . I do n't want it and I do n't need it . but I could do with a few laugh . we could all do with a few laugh . I have get a feeling we be go to need them more than usual before long . " " Harry , " say George weakly , weigh the money bag in his hand , " there be get to be a thousand Galleons in here . " " yeah , " say Harry , grin . " think how many Canary Creams that be . " the twin stare at him . " just do n't tell your mum where you get it ... although she might not be so keen for you to join the Ministry anymore , come to think of it ... " " Harry , " Fred begin , but Harry pull out his wand . " look , " he say flatly , " take it , or I will hex you . I know some good one now . just do me one favor , okay ? buy Ron some different dress robe and say they be from you . " he leave the compartment before they could say another word , step over Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , who be still lie on the floor , cover in hex mark . Uncle Vernon be wait beyond the barrier . Mrs. Weasley be close by him . she hug Harry very tightly when she see him and whisper in his ear , " I think Dumbledore will let you come to us late in the summer . keep in touch , Harry . " " see you , Harry , " say Ron , clap him on the back . " ' Bye , Harry ! " say Hermione , and she do something she have never do before , and kiss him on the cheek . " Harry -- thanks , " George mutter , while Fred nod fervently at his side . Harry wink at them , turn to Uncle Vernon , and follow him silently from the station . there be no point worry yet , he tell himself , as he get into the back of the Dursley ' car . as Hagrid have say , what would come , would come ... and he would have to meet it when it do . table of Contents The Riddle House The Scar the invitation back to the Burrow Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes the Portkey Bagman and Crouch The Quidditch World Cup the Dark Mark Mayhem at the Ministry Aboard the Hogwarts Express the Triwizard Tournament Mad-Eye Moody the unforgivable Curses Beauxbatons and Durmstrang The Goblet of Fire the four champion the weigh of the Wands the Hungarian horntail the First Task the House-Elf Liberation Front the unexpected Task The Yule Ball Rita Skeeter 's Scoop The Egg and the Eye The Second Task Padfoot Returns the madness of Mr. Crouch the dream the Pensieve the Third Task Flesh , Blood , and Bone The Death Eaters Priori Incantatem Veritaserum the parting of the Ways the beginning
