Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling Chapter One the other Minister it be near midnight and the Prime Minister be sit alone in his office , read a long memo that be slip through his brain without leave the slight trace of mean behind . he be wait for a call from the President of a far distant country , and between wonder when the wretched man would telephone , and try to suppress unpleasant memory of what have be a very long , tire , and difficult week , there be not much space in his head for anything else . the more he attempt to focus on the print on the page before him , the more clearly the Prime Minister could see the gloat face of one of his political opponent . this particular opponent have appear on the news that very day , not only to enumerate all the terrible thing that have happen in the last week ( as though anyone need remind ) but also to explain why each and every one of them be the government 's fault . the Prime Minister 's pulse quicken at the very think of these accusation , for they be neither fair nor true . how on earth be his government suppose to have stop that bridge collapse ? it be outrageous for anybody to suggest that they be not spend enough on bridge . the bridge be few than ten year old , and the good expert be at a loss to explain why it have snap cleanly in two , send a dozen car into the watery depth of the river below . and how dare anyone suggest that it be lack of policeman that have result in those two very nasty and well-publicize murder ? or that the government should have somehow foresee the freak hurricane in the West country that have cause so much damage to both people and property ? and be it his fault that one of his Junior Ministers , Herbert Chorley , have choose this week to act so peculiarly that he be now go to be spend a lot more time with his family ? " a grim mood have grip the country , " the opponent have conclude , barely conceal his own broad grin . and unfortunately , this be perfectly true . the Prime Minister feel it himself ; people really do seem more miserable than usual . even the weather be dismal ; all this chilly mist in the middle of July … it be n't right , it be n't normal … he turn over the second page of the memo , see how much longer it go on , and give it up as a bad job . stretch his arm above his head he look around his office mournfully . it be a handsome room , with a fine marble fireplace face the long sash window , firmly close against the unseasonable chill . with a slight shiver , the Prime Minister get up and move over to the window , look out at the thin mist that be press itself against the glass . it be then , as he stand with his back to the room , that he hear a soft cough behind him . he freeze , nose to nose with his own scared-looking reflection in the dark glass . he know that cough . he have hear it before . he turn very slowly to face the empty room . " hello ? " he say , try to sound brave than he feel . for a brief moment he allow himself the impossible hope that nobody would answer him . however , a voice respond at once , a crisp , decisive voice that sound as though it be read a prepared statement . it be come - as the Prime Minister have know at the first cough - from the froglike little man wear a long silver wig who be depict in a small , dirty oil painting in the far corner of the room . " to the Prime Minister of Muggles . urgent we meet . kindly respond immediately . sincerely , Fudge . " the man in the painting look inquiringly at the Prime Minister . " er , " say the Prime Minister , " listen … it be not a very good time for me … I be wait for a telephone call , you see … from the President of - " " that can be rearrange , " say the portrait at once . the Prime Minister 's heart sink . he have be afraid of that . " but I really be rather hope to speak - " " we shall arrange for the President to forget to call . he will telephone tomorrow night instead , " say the little man . " kindly respond immediately to Mr. Fudge . " " I … oh … very well , " say the Prime Minister weakly . " yes , I will see Fudge . " he hurry back to his desk , straighten his tie as he go . he have barely resume his seat , and arrange his face into what he hope be a relax and unfaze expression , when bright green flame burst into life in the empty grate beneath his marble mantelpiece . he watch , try not to betray a flicker of surprise or alarm , as a portly man appear within the flame , spin as fast as a top . second later , he have climb out onto a rather fine antique rug , brush ash from the sleeve of his long pin-striped cloak , a lime-green bowler hat in his hand . " ah … Prime Minister , " say Cornelius Fudge , stride forward with his hand outstretch . " good to see you again . " the Prime Minister could not honestly return this compliment , so say nothing at all . he be not remotely please to see Fudge , whose occasional appearance , apart from be downright alarming in themselves , generally mean that he be about to hear some very bad news . furthermore , Fudge be look distinctly careworn . he be thin , bald , and gray , and his face have a crumpled look . the Prime Minister have see that kind of look in politician before , and it never bode well . " how can I help you ? " he say , shake Fudge 's hand very briefly and gesture toward the hard of the chair in front of the desk . " difficult to know where to begin , " mutter Fudge , pull up the chair , sit down , and place his green bowler upon his knee . " what a week , what a week … " " have a bad one too , have you ? " ask the Prime Minister stiffly , hope to convey by this that he have quite enough on his plate already without any extra helping from Fudge . " yes , of course , " say Fudge , rub his eye wearily and look morosely at the Prime Minister . " I have be have the same week you have , Prime Minister . the Brockdale Bridge … the Bones and Vance murder … not to mention the ruckus in the West country … " " you - er - your - I mean to say , some of your people be - be involve in those - those thing , be they ? " fudge fix the Prime Minister with a rather stern look . " of course they be , " he say , " surely you have realize what be go on ? " " I … " hesitate the Prime Minister . it be precisely this sort of behavior that make him dislike Fudge 's visit so much . he be , after all , the Prime Minister and do not appreciate be make to feel like an ignorant schoolboy . but of course , it have be like this from his very first meeting with Fudge on his very first evening as Prime Minister . he remember it as though it be yesterday and know it would haunt him until his die day . he have be stand alone in this very office , savor the triumph that be his after so many year of dream and scheme , when he have hear a cough behind him , just like tonight , and turn to find that ugly little portrait talk to him , announce that the Minister of Magic be about to arrive and introduce himself naturally , he have think that the long campaign and the strain of the election have cause him to go mad . he have be utterly terrify to find a portrait talk to him , though this have be nothing to how he feel when a self-proclaimed wizard have bounce out of the fireplace and shake his hand . he have remain speechless throughout Fudge 's kindly explanation that there be witch and wizard still live in secret all over the world and his reassurance that he be not to bother his head about them as the Ministry of Magic take responsibility for the whole Wizarding community and prevent the non-magical population from get wind of them . it be , say Fudge , a difficult job that encompass everything from regulation on responsible use of broomstick to keep the dragon population under control ( the Prime Minister remember clutch the desk for support at this point ) . Fudge have then pat the shoulder of the stilldumbstruck Prime Minister in a fatherly sort of way . " not to worry , " he have say , " it be odds-on you will never see me again . I will only bother you if there be something really serious go on our end , something that be likely to affect the Muggles - the non-magical population , I should say . otherwise , it be live and let live . and I must say , you be take it a lot well than your predecessor . he try to throw me out the window , think I be a hoax plan by the opposition . " at this , the Prime Minister have find his voice at last . " you be - you be not a hoax , then ? " it have be his last , desperate hope . " no , " say Fudge gently . " no , I be afraid I be not . look . " and he have turn the Prime Minister 's teacup into a gerbil . " but , " say the Prime Minister breathlessly , watch his teacup chew on the corner of his next speech , " but why - why have nobody tell me - ? " " the Minister of Magic only reveal him - or herself to the Muggle Prime Minister of the day , " say Fudge , poke his wand back inside his jacket . " we find it the good way to maintain secrecy . " " but then , " bleat the Prime Minister , " why have n't a former Prime Minister warn me - ? " at this , Fudge have actually laugh . " my dear Prime Minister , be you ever go to tell anybody ? " still chortle , Fudge have throw some powder into the fireplace , step into the emerald flame , and vanish with a whoosh sound . the Prime Minister have stand there , quite motionless , and realize that he would never , as long as he live , dare mention this encounter to a live soul , for who in the wide world would believe him ? the shock have take a little while to wear off . for a time , he have try to convince himself that Fudge have indeed be a hallucination bring on by lack of sleep during his grueling election campaign . in a vain attempt to rid himself of all reminder of this uncomfortable encounter , he have give the gerbil to his delighted niece and instruct his private secretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little man who have announce Fudge 's arrival . to the Prime Minister 's dismay , however , the portrait have prove impossible to remove . when several carpenter , a builder or two , an art historian , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer have all try unsuccessfully to pry it from the wall , the Prime Minister have abandon the attempt and simply resolve to hope that the thing remain motionless and silent for the rest of his term in office . occasionally he could have swear he see out of the corner of his eye the occupant of the painting yawn , or else scratch his nose ; even , once or twice , simply walk out of his frame and leave nothing but a stretch of muddy-brown canvas behind . however , he have train himself not to look at the picture very much , and always to tell himself firmly that his eye be play trick on him when anything like this happen . then , three year ago , on a night very like tonight , the Prime Minister have be alone in his office when the portrait have once again announce the imminent arrival of Fudge , who have burst out of the fireplace , sop wet and in a state of considerable panic . before the Prime Minister could ask why he be drip all over the Axminster , Fudge have start rant about a prison the Prime Minister have never hear of , a man name " Serious " Black , something that sound like " Hogwarts , " and a boy call Harry Potter , none of which make the remote sense to the Prime Minister . " … I have just come from Azkaban , " Fudge have pant , tip a large amount of water out of the rim of his bowler hat into his pocket . " middle of the North Sea , you know , nasty flight … the dementors be in uproar " - he shudder - " they have never have a breakout before . anyway , I have to come to you , Prime Minister . Black be a known Muggle killer and may be plan to rejoin You-Know-Who … but of course , you do n't even know who You-Know-Who be ! " he have gaze hopelessly at the Prime Minister for a moment , then say , " well , sit down , sit down , I will well fill you in … have a whiskey … " the Prime Minister rather resent be tell to sit down in his own office , let alone offer his own whiskey , but he sit nevertheless . fudge pull out his wand , conjure two large glass full of amber liquid out of thin air , push one of them into the Prime Minister 's hand , and draw up a chair . Fudge have talk for more than an hour . at one point , he have refuse to say a certain name aloud and write it instead on a piece of parchment , which he have thrust into the Prime Minister 's whiskey-free hand . when at last Fudge have stand up to leave , the Prime Minister have stand up too . " so you think that … " he have squint down at the name in his left hand . " Lord Vol - " " He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ! " snarl Fudge . " I be sorry … you think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be still alive , then ? " " well , Dumbledore say he be , " say Fudge , as he have fasten his pin-striped cloak under his chin , " but we have never find him . if you ask me , he be not dangerous unless he have get support , so it be Black we ought to be worry about . you will put out that warning , then ? excellent . well , I hope we do n't see each other again , Prime Minister ! good night . " but they have see each other again . less than a year later a harassed-looking Fudge have appear out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime Minister that there have be a spot of bother at the Kwidditch ( or that be what it have sound like ) World Cup and that several Muggles have be " involve , " but that the Prime Minister be not to worry , the fact that You-Know-Who 's Mark have be see again mean nothing ; Fudge be sure it be an isolated incident , and the Muggle Liaison Office be deal with all memory modification as they speak . " oh , and I almost forget , " Fudge have add . " we be import three foreign dragon and a sphinx for the Triwizard Tournament , quite routine , but the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures tell me that it be down in the rule book that we have to notify you if we be bring highly dangerous creature into the country . " " I - what - dragon ? " splutter the Prime Minister . " yes , three , " say Fudge . " and a sphinx . well , good day to you . " the Prime Minister have hope beyond hope that dragon and sphinx would be the bad of it , but no . less than two year later , Fudge have erupt out of the fire yet again , this time with the news that there have be a mass breakout from Azkaban . " a mass breakout ? " repeat the Prime Minister hoarsely . " no need to worry , no need to worry ! " shout Fudge , already with one foot in the flame . " we will have them round up in no time - just think you ought to know ! " and before the Prime Minister could shout , " now , wait just one moment ! " fudge have vanish in a shower of green spark . whatever the press and the opposition might say , the Prime Minister be not a foolish man . it have not escape his notice that , despite Fudge 's assurance at their first meeting , they be now see rather a lot of each other , nor that Fudge be become more fluster with each visit . little though he like to think about the Minister of Magic ( or , as he always call Fudge in his head , the Other Minister ) , the Prime Minister could not help but fear that the next time Fudge appear it would be with grave news still . the site , therefore , of Fudge step out of the fire once more , look dishevel and fretful and sternly surprise that the Prime Minister do not know exactly why he be there , be about the bad thing that have happen in the course of this extremely gloomy week . " how should I know what be go on in the - er - Wizarding community ? " snap the Prime Minister now . " I have a country to run and quite enough concern at the moment without - " " we have the same concern , " Fudge interrupt . " the Brockdale Bridge do n't wear out . that be n't really a hurricane . those murder be not the work of Muggles . and Herbert Chorley 's family would be safe without him . we be currently make arrangement to have him transfer to St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries . the move should be affect tonight . " " what do you … I be afraid I … what ? " bluster the Prime Minister . Fudge take a great , deep breath and say , " Prime Minister , I be very sorry to have to tell you that he be back . He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be back . " " back ? when you say ' back ' … he be alive ? I mean - " the Prime Minister grope in his memory for the detail of that horrible conversation of three year previously , when Fudge have tell him about the wizard who be fear above all other , the wizard who have commit a thousand terrible crime before his mysterious disappearance fifteen year earlier . " yes , alive , " say Fudge . " that be - I do n't know - be a man alive if he ca n't be kill ? I do n't really understand it , and Dumbledore wo n't explain properly - but anyway , he be certainly get a body and be walk and talk and kill , so I suppose , for the purpose of our discussion , yes , he be alive . " the Prime Minister do not know what to say to this , but a persistent habit of wish to appear well-informed on any subject that come up make him cast around for any detail he could remember of their previous conversation . " be Serious Black with - er - He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ? " " Black ? Black ? " say Fudge distractedly , turn his bowler rapidly in his finger . " Sirius Black , you mean ? Merlin 's beard , no . Black 's dead . turn out we be - er - mistake about Black . he be innocent after all . and he be n't in league with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named either . I mean , " he add defensively , spin the bowler hat still faster , " all the evidence point - we have more than fifty eyewitness - but anyway , as I say , he be dead . murder , as a matter of fact . on Ministry of Magic premise . there be go to be an inquiry , actually … " to his great surprise , the Prime Minister feel a fleeting stab of pity for Fudge at this point . it be , however , eclipse almost immediately by a glow of smugness at the thought that , deficient though he himself might be in the area of materialize out of fireplace , there have never be a murder in any of the government department under his charge … not yet , anyway … while the Prime Minister surreptitiously touch the wood of his desk , Fudge continue , " but black by-the-by now . the point be , we be at war , Prime Minister , and step must be take . " " at war ? " repeat the Prime Minister nervously . " surely that be a little bit of an overstatement ? " " He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named have now be join by those of his follower who break out of Azkaban in January , " say Fudge , speak more and more rapidly and twirl his bowler so fast that it be a lime-green blur . " since they have move into the open , they have be wreak havoc . the Brockdale Bridge - he do it , Prime Minister , he threaten a mass Muggle kill unless I stand aside for him and - " " good grief , so it be your fault those people be kill and I be have to answer question about rust rigging and corrode expansion joint and I do n't know what else ! " say the Prime Minister furiously . " my fault ! " say Fudge , color up . " be you say you would have cave in to blackmail like that ? " " maybe not , " say the Prime Minister , stand up and stride about the room , " but I would have put all my effort into catch the blackmailer before he commit any such atrocity ! " " do you really think I be n't already make every effort ? " demand Fudge heatedly . " every Auror in the Ministry be - and be - try to find him and round up his follower , but we happen to be talk about one of the most powerful wizard of all time , a wizard who have elude capture for almost three decade ! " " so I suppose you be go to tell me he cause the hurricane in the West country too ? " say the Prime Minister , his temper rise with every pace he take . it be infuriate to discover the reason for all these terrible disaster and not to be able to tell the public , almost bad than it be the government 's fault after all . " that be no hurricane , " say Fudge miserably . " excuse me ! " bark the Prime Minister , now positively stamp up and down . " tree uproot , roof rip off , lamppost bent , horrible injury - " " it be the Death Eaters , " say Fudge . " He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named 's follower . and … and we suspect giant involvement . " the Prime Minister stop in his track as though he have hit an invisible wall . " what involvement ? " Fudge grimace . " he use giant last time , when he want to go for the grand effect , " he say . " the Office of Misinformation have be work around the clock , we have have team of Obliviators out try to modify the memory of all the Muggles who see what really happen , we have get most of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures run around Somerset , but we ca n't find the giant - it have be a disaster . " " you do n't say ! " say the Prime Minister furiously . " I wo n't deny that morale be pretty low at the Ministry , " say Fudge . " what with all that , and then lose Amelia Bones . " " lose who ? " " Amelia Bones . head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement . we think He-Who-MustNot-Be-Named may have murder her in person , because she be a very gifted witch and - and all the evidence be that she put up a real fight . " Fudge clear his throat and , with an effort , it seem , stop spin his bowler hat . " but that murder be in the newspaper , " say the Prime Minister , momentarily divert from his anger . " our newspaper . Amelia Bones … it just say she be a middle-aged woman who live alone . it be a - a nasty killing , be n't it ? it have have rather a lot of publicity . the police be baffle , you see . " Fudge sigh . " well , of course they be , " he say . " kill in a room that be lock from the inside , be n't she ? we , on the other hand , know exactly who do it , not that that get us any further toward catch him . and then there be Emmeline Vance , maybe you do n't hear about that one - " " oh yes I do ! " say the Prime Minister . " it happen just around the corner from here , as a matter of fact . the paper have a field day with it , ' breakdown of law and order in the Prime Minister 's backyard - ' " " and as if all that be n't enough , " say Fudge , barely listen to the Prime Minister , " we have get dementors swarm all over the place , attack people leave , right , and center … " once upon a happy time this sentence would have be unintelligible to the Prime Minister , but he be wise now . " I think dementors guard the prisoner in Azkaban , " he say cautiously . " they do , " say Fudge wearily . " but not anymore . they have desert the prison and join HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named . I wo n't pretend that be n't a blow . " " but , " say the Prime Minister , with a sense of dawn horror , " do n't you tell me they be the creature that drain hope and happiness out of people ? " " that be right . and they be breed . that be what be cause all this mist . " the Prime Minister sink , weak-kneed , into the near chair . the idea of invisible creature swoop through the town and countryside , spread despair and hopelessness in his voter , make him feel quite faint . " now see here , Fudge - you have get to do something ! it be your responsibility as Minister of Magic ! " " my dear Prime Minister , you ca n't honestly think I be still Minister of Magic after all this ? I be sack three day ago ! the whole Wizarding community have be scream for my resignation for a fortnight . I have never know them so unite in my whole term of office ! " say Fudge , with a brave attempt at a smile . the Prime Minister be momentarily lose for word . despite his indignation at the position into which he have be place , he still rather feel for the shrunken-looking man sit opposite him . " I be very sorry , " he say finally . " if there be anything I can do ? " " it be very kind of you , Prime Minister , but there be nothing . I be send here tonight to bring you up to date on recent event and to introduce you to my successor . I rather think he will be here by now , but of course , he be very busy at the moment , with so much go on . " Fudge look around at the portrait of the ugly little man wear the long curly silver wig , who be dig in his ear with the point of a quill . catch Fudge 's eye , the portrait say , " he will be here in a moment , he be just finish a letter to Dumbledore . " " I wish him luck , " say Fudge , sound bitter for the first time . " I have be write to Dumbledore twice a day for the past fortnight , but he wo n't budge . if he have just be prepare to persuade the boy , I might still be … well , maybe Scrimgeour will have more success . " fudge subside into what be clearly an aggrieve silence , but it be break almost immediately by the portrait , which suddenly speak in its crisp , official voice . " to the Prime Minister of Muggles . request a meeting . urgent . kindly respond immediately . Rufus Scrimgeour , Minister of Magic . " " yes , yes , fine , " say the Prime Minister distractedly , and he barely flinch as the flame in the grate turn emerald green again , rise up , and reveal a second spinning wizard in their heart , disgorge him moment later onto the antique rug . fudge get to his foot and , after a moment 's hesitation , the Prime Minister do the same , watch the new arrival straighten up , dust down his long black robe , and look around . the Prime Minister 's first , foolish thought be that Rufus Scrimgeour look rather like an old lion . there be streak of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy eyebrow ; he have keen yellowish eye behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacle and a certain rangy , lope grace even though he walk with a slight limp . there be an immediate impression of shrewdness and toughness ; the Prime Minister think he understand why the Wizarding community prefer Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these dangerous time . " how do you do ? " say the Prime Minister politely , hold out his hand . Scrimgeour grasp it briefly , his eye scan the room , then pull out a wand from under his robe . " Fudge tell you everything ? " he ask , stride over to the door and tap the keyhole with his wand . the Prime Minister hear the lock click . " er - yes , " say the Prime Minister . " and if you do n't mind , I will rather that door remain unlock . " " I will rather not be interrupt , " say Scrimgeour shortly , " or watch , " he add , point his wand at the window , so that the curtain sweep across them . " right , well , I be a busy man , so let be get down lo business . first of all , we need to discuss your security . " the Prime Minister draw himself up to his full height and reply , " I be perfectly happy with the security I have already get , thank you very - " " well , we be not , " Scrimgeour cut in . " it will be a poor lookout for the Muggles if their Prime Minister get put under the Imperius Curse . the new secretary in your outer office - " " I be not get rid of Kingsley Shacklebolt , if that be what you be suggest ! " say the Prime Minister hotly . " he be highly efficient , get through twice the work the rest of them - " " that be because he be a wizard , " say Scrimgeour , without a flicker of a smile . " a highly train Auror , who have be assign to you for your protection . " " now , wait a moment ! " declare the Prime Minister . " you ca n't just put your people into my office , I decide who work for me - " " I think you be happy with Shacklebolt ? " say Scrimgeour coldly . " I be - that be to say , I be - " " then there be no problem , be there ? " say Scrimgeour . " I … well , as long as Shacklebolt 's work continue to be … er … excellent , " say the Prime Minister lamely , but Scrimgeour barely seem to hear him . " now , about Herbert Chorley , your Junior Minister , " he continue . " the one who have be entertain the public by impersonate a duck . " " what about him ? " ask the Prime Minister . " he have clearly react to a poorly perform Imperius Curse , " say Scrimgeour . " it have addle his brain , but he could still be dangerous . " " he be only quack ! " say the Prime Minister weakly . " surely a bit of a rest … maybe go easy on the drink … " " a team of Healers from St. Mungo 's hospital for magical malady and injury be examine him as we speak . so far he have attempt to strangle three of them , " say Scrimgeour . " I think it best that we remove him from Muggle society for a while . " " I … well … he will be all right , wo n't he ? " say the Prime Minister anxiously . Scrimgeour merely shrug , already move back toward the fireplace . " well , that be really all I have to say . I will keep you post of development , Prime Minister - or , at least , I shall probably be too busy to come personally , in which case I shall send Fudge here . he have consent to stay on in an advisory capacity . " Fudge attempt to smile , but be unsuccessful ; he merely look as though he have a toothache . Scrimgeour be already rummage in his pocket for the mysterious powder that turn the fire green . the Prime Minister gaze hopelessly at the pair of them for a moment , then the word he have fight to suppress all evening burst from him at last . " but for heaven 's sake - you be wizard ! you can do magic ! surely you can sort out - well - anything ! " Scrimgeour turn slowly on the spot and exchange an incredulous look with Fudge , who really do manage a smile this time as he say kindly , " the trouble be , the other side can do magic too , Prime Minister . " and with that , the two wizard step one after the other into the bright green fire and vanish . chapter TWO Spinner 's end many mile away the chilly mist that have press against the Prime Minister 's window drift over a dirty river that wind between overgrow , rubbish-strewn bank . an immense chimney , relic of a disused mill , rear up , shadowy and ominous . there be no sound apart from the whisper of the black water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that have slink down the bank to nose hopefully at some old fish-and-chip wrapping in the tall grass . but then , with a very faint pop , a slim , hooded figure appear out of thin air on the edge of the river . the fox freeze , wary eye fix upon this strange new phenomenon . the figure seem to take its bearing for a few moment , then set off with light , quick stride , its long cloak rustle over the grass . with a second and louder pop , another hooded figure materialize . " wait ! " the harsh cry startle the fox , now crouch almost flat in the undergrowth . it leap from its hiding place and up the bank . there be a flash of green light , a yelp , and the fox fall back to the ground , dead . the second figure turn over the animal with its toe . " just a fox , " say a woman 's voice dismissively from under the hood . " I think perhaps an Auror - Cissy , wait ! " but her quarry , who have pause and look back at the flash of light , be already scramble up the bank the fox have just fall down . " Cissy - Narcissa - listen to me - " the second woman catch the first and seize her arm , but the other wrench it away . " go back , Bella ! " " you must listen to me ! " " I have listen already . I have make my decision . leave me alone ! " the woman name Narcissa gain the top of the bank , where a line of old railing separate the river from a narrow , cobble street . the other woman , Bella , follow at once . side by side they stand look across the road at the row and row of dilapidated brick house , their window dull and blind in the darkness . " he live here ? " ask Bella in a voice of contempt . " here ? in this Muggle dunghill ? we must be the first of our kind ever to set foot - " but Narcissa be not listen ; she have slip through a gap in the rusty railing and be already hurry across the road . " Cissy , wait ! " Bella follow , her cloak stream behind , and see Narcissa dart through an alley between the house into a second , almost identical street . some of the streetlamp be break ; the two woman be run between patch of light and deep darkness . the pursuer catch up with her prey just as she turn another corner , this time succeed in catch hold of her arm and swing her around so that they face each other . " Cissy , you must not do this , you ca n't trust him - " " the Dark Lord trust him , do n't he ? " " the Dark Lord be … I believe … mistaken , " Bella pant , and her eye gleam momentarily under her hood as she look around to check that they be indeed alone . " in any case , we be tell not to speak of the plan to anyone . this be a betrayal of the Dark Lord 's - " " let go , Bella ! " snarl Narcissa , and she draw a wand from beneath her cloak , hold it threateningly in the other 's face . Bella merely laugh . " Cissy , your own sister ? you would n't - " " there be nothing I would n't do anymore ! " Narcissa breathe , a note of hysteria in her voice , and as she bring down the wand like a knife , there be another flash of light . Bella let go of her sister 's arm as though burn . " Narcissa ! " but Narcissa have rush ahead . rub her hand , her pursuer follow again , keep her distance now , as they move deep into the desert labyrinth of brick house . at last , Narcissa hurry up a street name Spinner 's end , over which the towering mill chimney seem to hover like a giant admonitory finger . her footstep echo on the cobbles as she pass board and break window , until she reach the very last house , where a dim light glimmer through the curtain in a downstairs room . she have knock on the door before Bella , curse under her breath , have catch up . together they stand wait , pant slightly , breathe in the smell of the dirty river that be carry to them on the night breeze . after a few second , they hear movement behind the door and it open a crack . a sliver of a man could be see look out at them , a man with long black hair part in curtain around a sallow face and black eye . Narcissa throw back her hood . she be so pale that she seem to shine in the darkness ; the long blonde hair stream down her back give her the look of a drowned person . " Narcissa ! " say the man , open the door a little wide , so that the light fall upon her and her sister too . " what a pleasant surprise ! " Severus , " she say in a strained whisper . " may I speak to you ? it be urgent . " " but of course . " he stand back to allow her to pass him into the house . her still-hooded sister follow without invitation . " Snape , " she say curtly as she pass him . " Bellatrix , " he reply , his thin mouth curling into a slightly mock smile as he close the door with a snap behind them . they have step directly into a tiny sit room , which have the feeling of a dark , pad cell . the wall be completely cover in book , most of them bind in old black or brown leather ; a threadbare sofa , an old armchair , and a rickety table stand group together in a pool of dim light cast by a candle-filled lamp hang from the ceiling . the place have an air of neglect , as though it be not usually inhabit . Snape gesture Narcissa to the sofa . she throw off her cloak , cast it aside , and sit down , stare at her white and tremble hand clasp in her lap . Bellatrix lower her hood more slowly . dark as her sister be fair , with heavily lidded eye and a strong jaw , she do not take her gaze from Snape as she move to stand behind Narcissa . " so , what can I do for you ? " Snape ask , settle himself in the armchair opposite the two sister . " we … we be alone , be n't we ? " Narcissa ask quietly . " yes , of course . well , Wormtail 's here , but we be not count vermin , be we ? " he point his wand at the wall of book behind him and with a bang , a hidden door fly open , reveal a narrow staircase upon which a small man stand freeze . " as you have clearly realize , Wormtail , we have guest , " say Snape lazily . the man creep , hunchbacked , down the last few step and move into the room . he have small , watery eye , a pointed nose , and wear an unpleasant simper . his left hand be caress his right , which look as though it be encase in a bright silver glove . " Narcissa ! " he say , in a squeaky voice . " and Bellatrix ! how charm - " " Wormtail will get us drink , if you will like them , " say Snape . " and then he will return to his bedroom . " Wormtail wince as though Snape have throw something at him . " I be not your servant ! " he squeak , avoid Snape 's eye . " really ? I be under the impression that the Dark Lord place you here to assist me . " " to assist , yes - but not to make you drink and - and clean your house ! " " I have no idea , Wormtail , that you be crave more dangerous assignment , " say Snape silkily . " this can be easily arrange : I shall speak to the Dark Lord - " " I can speak to him myself if I want to ! " " of course you can , " say Snape , sneering . " but in the meantime , bring us drink . some of the elf-made wine will do . " Wormtail hesitate for a moment , look as though he might argue , but then turn and head through a second hidden door . they hear bang and a clink of glass . within second he be back , bear a dusty bottle and three glass upon a tray . he drop these on the rickety table and scurry from their presence , slam the book-covered door behind him . Snape pour out three glass of bloodred wine and hand two of them to the sister . Narcissa murmur a word of thanks , whilst Bellatrix say nothing , but continue to glower at Snape . this do not seem to discompose him ; on the contrary , he look rather amused . " the Dark Lord , " he say , raise his glass and drain it . the sister copy him . Snape refill their glass . as Narcissa take her second drink she say in a rush , " Severus , I be sorry to come here like this , but I have to see you . I think you be the only one who can help me - " Snape hold up a hand to stop her , then point his wand again at the conceal staircase door . there be a loud bang and a squeal , follow by the sound of Wormtail scurry back up the stair . " my apology , " say Snape . " he have lately take to listen at door , I do n't know what he mean by it … you be say , Narcissa ? " she take a great , shudder breath and start again . " Severus , I know I ought not to be here , I have be tell to say nothing to anyone , but - " " then you ought to hold your tongue ! " snarl Bellatrix . " particularly in present company ! " ' " present company ' ? " repeat Snape sardonically . " and what be I to understand by that , Bellatrix ? " " that I do n't trust you , Snape , as you very well know ! " Narcissa let out a noise that might have be a dry sob and cover her face with her hand . Snape set his glass down upon the table and sit back again , his hand upon the arm of his chair , smile into Bellatrix 's glower face . " Narcissa , I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix be burst to say ; it will save tedious interruption . well , continue , Bellatrix , " say Snape . " why be it that you do not trust me ? " " a hundred reason ! " she say loudly , stride out from behind the sofa to slam her glass upon the table . " where to start ! where be you when the Dark Lord fall ? why do you never make any attempt to find him when he vanish ? what have you be do all these year that you have live in Dumbledore 's pocket ? why do you stop the Dark Lord procure the Sorcerer 's Stone ? why do you not return at once when the Dark Lord be reborn ? where be you a few week ago when we battle to retrieve the prophecy for the Dark Lord ? and why , Snape , be Harry Potter still alive , when you have have him at your mercy for five year ? " she pause , her chest rise and fall rapidly , the color high in her cheek . behind her , Narcissa sit motionless , her face still hidden in her hand . Snape smile . " before I answer you - oh yes , Bellatrix , I be go to answer ! you can carry my word back to the other who whisper behind my back , and carry false tale of my treachery to the Dark Lord ! before I answer you , I say , let me ask a question in turn . do you really think that the Dark Lord have not ask me each and every one of those question ? and do you really think that , have I not be able to give satisfactory answer , I would be sit here talk to you ? " she hesitate . " I know he believe you , but … " " you think he be mistaken ? or that I have somehow hoodwink him ? fool the Dark Lord , the great wizard , the most accomplished Legilimens the world have ever see ? " Bellatrix say nothing , but look , for the first time , a little discomfit . Snape do not press the point . he pick up his drink again , sip it , and continue , " you ask where I be when the Dark Lord fall . I be where he have order me to be , at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , because he wish me to spy upon Albus Dumbledore . you know , I presume , that it be on the Dark Lord 's order that I take up the post ? " she nod almost imperceptibly and then open her mouth , but Snape forestall her . " you ask why I do not attempt to find him when he vanish . for the same reason that Avery , Yaxley , the Carrows , Greyback , Lucius " - he incline his head slightly to Narcissa - " and many other do not attempt to find him . I believe him finish . I be not proud of it , I be wrong , but there it be … if he have not forgive we who lose faith at that time , he would have very few follower leave . " " he will have me ! " say Bellatrix passionately . " I , who spend many year in Azkaban for him ! " " yes , indeed , most admirable , " say Snape in a bored voice . " of I nurse , you be n't a lot of use to him in prison , but the gesture be undoubtedly fine - " " Gesture ! " she shriek ; in her fury she look slightly mad . " while I endure the dementors , you remain at Hogwarts , comfortably play Dumbledore 's pet ! " " not quite , " say Snape calmly . " he would n't give me the defense against the Dark Arts job , you know . seem to think it might , ah , bring about a relapse … tempt me into my old way . " " this be your sacrifice for the Dark Lord , not to teach your favorite subject ? " she jeer . " why do you stay there all that time , Snape ? still spy on Dumbledore for a master you believe dead ? " " hardly , " say Snape , " although the Dark Lord be please that I never desert my post : I have sixteen year of information on Dumbledore to give him when he return , a rather more useful welcome-back present than endless reminiscence of how unpleasant Azkaban be … " " but you stay - " " Yes , Bellatrix , I stay , " say Snape , betray a hint of impatience for the first time . " I have a comfortable job that I prefer to a stint in Azkaban . they be round up the Death Eaters , you know . Dumbledore 's protection keep me out of jail ; it be most convenient and I use it . I repeat : the Dark Lord do not complain that I stay , so I do not see why you do . " I think you next want to know , " he press on , a little more loudly , for Bellatrix show every sign of interrupt , " why I stand between the Dark Lord and the Sorcerer 's Stone . that be easily answer . he do not know whether he could trust me . he think , like you , that I have turn from faithful Death Eater to Dumbledore 's stooge . he be in a pitiable condition , very weak , share the body of a mediocre wizard . he do not dare reveal himself to a former ally if that ally might turn him over to Dumbledore or the Ministry . I deeply regret that he do not trust me . he would have return to power three year sooner . as it be , I see only greedy and unworthy Quirrell attempt to steal the stone and , I admit , I do all I could to thwart him . " Bellatrix 's mouth twist as though she have take an unpleasant dose of medicine . " but you do n't return when he come back , you do n't fly back to him at once when you feel the dark Mark burn - " " Correct . I return two hour later . I return on Dumbledore 's order . " " on Dumbledore 's - ? " she begin , in tone of outrage . " think ! " say Snape , impatient again . " think ! by wait two hour , just two hour , I ensure that I could remain at Hogwarts as a spy ! by allow Dumbledore to think that I be only return to the Dark Lord 's side because I be order to , I have be able to pass information on Dumbledore and the order of the Phoenix ever since ! consider , Bellatrix : the Dark Mark have be grow strong for month . I know he must be about to return , all the Death Eaters know ! I have plenty of time to think about what I want to do , to plan my next move , to escape like Karkaroff , do n't I ? " the Dark Lord 's initial displeasure at my lateness vanish entirely , I assure you , when I explain that I remain faithful , although Dumbledore think I be his man . yes , the Dark Lord think that I have leave him forever , but he be wrong . " " but what use have you be ? " sneer Bellatrix . " what useful information have we have from you ? " " my information have be convey directly to the Dark Lord , " say Snape . " if he choose not to share it with you - " " he share everything with me ! " say Bellatrix , fire up at once . " he call me his most loyal , his most faithful - " " do he ? " say Snape , his voice delicately inflect to suggest his disbelief . " do he still , after the fiasco at the Ministry ? " " that be not my fault ! " say Bellatrix , flush . " the Dark Lord have , in the past , entrust me with his most precious - if Lucius have n't - " " do n't you dare - do n't you dare blame my husband ! " say Narcissa , in a low and deadly voice , look up at her sister . " there be no point apportion blame , " say Snape smoothly . " what be do , be do . " " but not by you ! " say Bellatrix furiously . " no , you be once again absent while the rest of us run danger , be you not , Snape ? " " my order be to remain behind , " say Snape . " perhaps you disagree with the Dark Lord , perhaps you think that Dumbledore would not have notice if I have join force with the Death Eaters to fight the order of the Phoenix ? and - forgive me - you speak of danger … you be face six teenager , be you not ? " " they be join , as you very well know , by half of the order before long ! " snarl Bellatrix . " and , while we be on the subject of the order , you still claim you can reveal the whereabouts of their headquarters , do n't you ? " " I be not the Secret-Keeper ; I can speak the name of the place . you understand how the enchantment work , I think ? the Dark Lord be satisfy with the information I have pass him on the order . it lead , as perhaps you have guess , to the recent capture and murder of Emmeline Vance , and it certainly help dispose of Sirius Black , though I give you full credit for finish him off . " he incline his head and toast her . her expression do not soften . " you be avoid my last question , Snape . Harry Potter . you could have kill him at any point in the past five year . you have not do it . why ? " " have you discuss this matter with the Dark Lord ? " ask Snape . " he … lately , we … I be ask you , Snape ! " " if I have murder Harry Potter , the Dark Lord could not have use his blood to regenerate , make him invincible - " " you claim you foresee his use of the boy ! " she jeer . " I do not claim it ; I have no idea of his plan ; I have already confess that I think the dark Lord dead . I be merely try to explain why the Dark Lord be not sorry that Potter survive , at least until a year ago … " " but why do you keep him alive ? " " have you not understand me ? it be only Dumbledore 's protection that be keep me out of Azkaban ! do you disagree that murder his favorite student might have turn him against me ? but there be more to it than that . I should remind you that when Potter first arrive at Hogwarts there be still many story circulate about him , rumor that he himself be a great dark wizard , which be how he have survive the Dark Lord 's attack . indeed , many of the Dark Lords old follower think Potter might be a standard around which we could all rally once more . I be curious , I admit it , and not at all incline to murder him the moment he set fool in the castle . " of course , it become apparent to me very quickly that he have no extraordinary talent at all . he have fight his way out of a number of tight corner by a simple combination of sheer luck and more talented friend . he be mediocre to the last degree , though as obnoxious and self-satisfied as be his father before him . I have do my utmost to have him throw out of Hogwarts , where I believe he scarcely belong , but kill him , or allow him to be kill in front of me ? I would have be a fool to risk it with Dumbledore close at hand . " " and through all this we be suppose to believe Dumbledore have never suspect you ? " ask Bellatrix . " he have no idea of your true allegiance , he trust you implicitly still ? " " I have play my part well , " say Snape . " and you overlook Dumbledore 's great weakness : he have to believe the good of people . I spin him a tale of deep remorse when I join his staff , fresh from my Death Eater day , and he embrace me with open arm - though , as I say , never allow me near the dark art than he could help . Dumbledore have be a great wizard - oh yes , he have , " ( for Bellatrix have make a scathing noise ) , " the Dark Lord acknowledge it . I be please to say , however , that Dumbledore be grow old . the duel with the Dark Lord last month shake him . he have since sustain a serious injury because his reaction be slow than they once be . but through all these year , he have never stop trust Severus Snape , and therein lie my great value to the Dark Lord . " Bellatrix still look unhappy , though she appear unsure how good to attack Snape next . take advantage of her silence , Snape turn to her sister . " now … you come to ask me for help , Narcissa ? " Narcissa look up at him , her face eloquent with despair . " yes , Severus . I - I think you be the only one who can help me , I have nowhere else to turn . Lucius be in jail and … " she close her eye and two large tear seep from beneath her eyelid . " the Dark Lord have forbid me to speak of it , " Narcissa continue , her eye still close . " he wish none to know of the plan . it be … very secret . but - " " if he have forbid it , you ought not to speak , " say Snape at once . " the Dark Lord 's word be law . " Narcissa gasp as though he have douse her with cold water . Bellatrix look satisfy for the first time since she have enter the house . " there ! " she say triumphantly to her sister . " even Snape say so : you be tell not to talk , so hold your silence ! " but Snape have get to his foot and stride to the small window , peer through the curtain at the desert street , then close them again with a jerk . he turn around to face Narcissa , frown . " it so happen that I know of the plan , " he say in a low voice . " I be one of the few the Dark Lord have tell . nevertheless , have I not be in on the secret , Narcissa , you would have be guilty of great treachery to the Dark Lord . " " I think you must know about it ! " say Narcissa , breathe more freely . " he trust you so , Severus … " " you know about the plan ? " say Bellatrix , her fleeting expression of satisfaction replace by a look of outrage . " you know ? " " certainly , " say Snape . " but what help do you require , Narcissa ? if you be imagine I can persuade the Dark Lord to change his mind , I be afraid there be no hope , none at all . " " Severus , " she whisper , tear slide down her pale cheek . " my son … my only son … " " Draco should be proud , " say Bellatrix indifferently . " the Dark Lord be grant him a great honor . and I will say this for Draco : I can see he be n't shrink away from his duty , he seem glad of a chance to prove himself , excite at the prospect - " Narcissa begin to cry in earnest , gaze beseechingly all the while at Snape . " that be because he be sixteen and have no idea what lie in store ! why , Severus ? why my son ? it be too dangerous ! this be vengeance for Lucius 's mistake , I know it ! " Snape say nothing . he look away from the sight of her tear as though they be indecent , but he could not pretend not to hear her . " that be why he have choose Draco , be n't it ? " she persist . " to punish Lucius ? " " if Draco succeed , " say Snape , still look away from her , " he will be honor above all other . " " but he wo n't succeed ! " sob Narcissa . " how can he , when the Dark Lord himself - ? " Bellatrix gasp ; Narcissa seem to lose her nerve . " I only mean … that nobody have yet succeed … Severus … please … you be , you have always be , Draco 's favorite teacher … you be Lucius 's old friend … I beg you … you be the Dark Lord 's favorite , his most trust advisor … will you speak to him , persuade him - ? " " the Dark Lord will not be persuade , and I be not stupid enough to attempt it , " say Snape flatly . " I can pretend that the Dark Lord be not angry with Lucius . Lucius be suppose to be in charge . he get himself capture , along with how many other , and fail to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain . yes , the Dark Lord be angry , Narcissa , very angry indeed . " " then I be right , he have choose Draco in revenge ! " choke Narcissa . " he do not mean him to succeed , he want him to be kill try ! " when Snape say nothing , Narcissa seem to lose what little self-restraint she still possess . stand up , she stagger to Snape and seize the front of his robe . her face close to his , her tear fall onto his chest , she gasp , " you could do it . you could do it instead of Draco , Severus . you would succeed , of course you would , and he would reward you beyond all of us - " Snape catch hold of her wrist and remove her clutch hand . look down into her tearstained face , he say slowly , " he intend me to do it in the end , I think . but he be determine that Draco should try first . you see , in the unlikely event that Draco succeed , I shall be able to remain at Hogwarts a little longer , fulfill my useful role as spy . " " in other word , it do n't matter to him if Draco be kill ! " " the Dark Lord be very angry , " repeat Snape quietly . " he fail to hear the prophecy . you know as well as I do , Narcissa , that he do not forgive easily . " she crumple , fall at his foot , sob and moan on the floor . " my only son … my only son … " " you should be proud ! " say Bellatrix ruthlessly . " if I have son , I would be glad to give them up to the service of the Dark Lord ! " Narcissa give a little scream of despair and clutch at her long blonde hair . Snape stoop , seize her by the arm , lift her up , and steer her back onto the sofa . he then pour her more wine and force the glass into her hand . " Narcissa , that be enough . drink this . listen to me . " she quiet a little ; slop wine down herself , she take a shaky sip . " it might be possible … for me to help Draco . " she sit up , her face paper-white , her eye huge . " Severus - oh , Severus - you would help him ? would you look after him , see he come to no harm ? " " I can try . " she fling away her glass ; it skid across the table as she slide off the sofa into a kneel position at Snape 's foot , seize his hand in both of hers , and press her lip to it . " if you be there to protect him … Severus , will you swear it ? will you make the unbreakable Vow ? " " the unbreakable Vow ? " Snape 's expression be blank , unreadable . Bellatrix , however , let out a cackle of triumphant laughter . " be n't you listen , Narcissa ? oh , he will try , I be sure … the usual empty word , the usual slither out of action … oh , on the Dark Lord 's order , of course ! " Snape do not look at Bellatrix . his black eye be fix upon Narcissa 's tear-filled blue one as she continue to clutch his hand . " certainly , Narcissa , I shall make the unbreakable Vow , " he say quietly . " perhaps your sister will consent to be our Bonder . " Bellatrix 's mouth fall open . Snape lower himself so that he be kneel opposite Narcissa . beneath Bellatrix 's astonish gaze , they grasp right hand . " you will need your wand , Bellatrix , " say Snape coldly . she draw it , still look astonish . " and you will need to move a little close , " he say . she step forward so that she stand over them , and place the tip of her wand on their link hand . Narcissa speak . " will you , Severus , watch over my son , Draco , as he attempt to fulfill the Dark Lord 's wish ? " " I will , " say Snape . a thin tongue of brilliant flame issue from the wand and wind its way around their hand like a red-hot wire . " and will you , to the good of your ability , protect him from harm ? " " I will , " say Snape . a second tongue of flame shot from the wand and interlink with the first , make a fine , glowing chain . " and , should it prove necessary … if it seem Draco will fail … " whisper Narcissa ( Snape 's hand twitch within hers , but he do not draw away ) , " will you carry out the deed that the Dark Lord have order Draco to perform ? " there be a moment 's silence . Bellatrix watch , her wand upon their clasp hand , her eye wide . " I will , " say Snape . Bellatrix 's astound face glow red in the blaze of a third unique flame , which shoot from the wand , twist with the other , and bind itself thickly around their clasp hand , like a fiery snake . chapter Three Will and Wo n't Harry Potter be snore loudly . he have be sit in a chair beside his bedroom window for the good part of four hour , stare out at the darken street , and have finally fall asleep with one side of his face press against the cold windowpane , his glass askew and his mouth wide open . the misty fog his breath have leave on the window sparkle in the orange glare of the streetlamp outside , and the artificial light drain his face of all color , so that he look ghostly beneath his shock of untidy black hair . the room be strew with various possession and a good smattering of rubbish . owl feather , apple core , and sweet wrapper litter the floor , a number of spellbooks lie higgledy-piggledy among the tangled robe on his bed , and a mess of newspaper sit in a puddle of light on his desk . the headline of one blare : harry Potter : the Chosen One ? rumor continue to fly about the mysterious recent disturbance at the Ministry of Magic , during which He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be sight once more . " we be not allow to talk about it , do n't ask me anything " say one agitate Obliviator , who refuse to give his name as he leave the Ministry last night . nevertheless , highly place source within the Ministry have confirm that the disturbance center on the fabled Hall of Prophecy . though Ministry spokeswizards have hitherto refuse even to confirm the existence of such a place , a grow number of the Wizarding community believe that the Death Eaters now serve sentence in Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft be attempt to steal a prophecy . the nature of that prophecy be unknown , although speculation be rife that it concern Harry Potter , the only person ever know to have survive the Killing Curse , and who be also know to have be at the Ministry on the night in question . some be go so far as to call Potter " the Chosen one , " believe that the prophecy name him as the only one who will be able to rid us of HeWho-Must-No t-Be-Named . the current whereabouts of the prophecy , if it exist , be unknown , although { ctd . page2 , column @card@ ) a second newspaper lie beside die first . this one bore die headline : Scrimgeour SUCCEEDS Fudge most of this front page be take up with a large black-and-white picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravage face . the picture be move - the man be wave at the ceiling . Rufus Scrimgeour , previously Head of the Auror office in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement , have succeed Cornelius Fudge as Minister of Magic . the appointment have largely be greet with enthusiasm by the Wizarding community , though rumor of a rift between the new Minister and Albus Dumbledore , newly reinstate Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot , surface within hour of Scrimgeour take office . Scrimgeours representative admit that he have meet with Dumbledore at once upon take possession of the top job , but refuse to comment on the topic under discussion . Albus Dumbledore be know to ( ctd . page @card@ , column @card@ ) to the left of this paper sit another , which have be fold so that a story bear the title ministry guarantee student ' safety be visible . newly appoint Minister of Magic , Rufus Scrimgeour , speak today of the tough new measure take by his Ministry to ensure the safety of student return to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this autumn . " for obvious reason , the Ministry will not be go into detail about its stringent new security plan , " say the Minister , although an insider confirm that measure include defensive spell and charm , a complex array of countercurses , and a small task force of Aurors dedicate solely to the protection of Hogwarts School . most seem reassure by the new Minister 's tough stand on student safety . say Mrs. Augusta Longbottom , " my grandson , Neville - a good friend of Harry Potter 's , incidentally , who fight the Death Eaters alongside him at the Ministry in June and - but the rest of this story be obscure by the large birdcage , stand on top of it . inside it be a magnificent snowy owl . her amber eye survey the room imperiously , her head swivel occasionally to gaze at her snore master . once or twice she click her beak impatiently , but Harry be too deeply asleep to hear her . a large trunk stand in the very middle of the room . its lid be open ; it look expectant ; yet it be almost empty but for a residue of old underwear , sweet , empty ink bottle , and break quill that coat the very bottom . nearby , on the floor , lie a purple leaflet emblazon with the word : - - ISSUED ON BEHALF of - - the Ministry of Magic PROTECTING YOUR HOME and Family Against Dark Forces the Wizarding community be currently under threat from an organization call itself the Death Eaters . observe the follow simple security guideline will help protect you , your family , and your home from attack . 1 . you be advise not to leave the house alone . 2 . particular care should be take during the hour of darkness . wherever possible , arrange to complete journey before night have fall . 3 . review the security arrangement around your house , make sure that all family member be aware of emergency measure such as Shield and Disillusionment Charms , and , in the case of underage family member , Side-Along-Apparition . 4 . agree on security question with close friend and family so as to detect death eater masquerade as other by use of the Polyjuice Potion ( see page @card@ ) . 5 . should you feel that a family member , colleague , friend , or neighbor be act in a strange manner , contact the Magical Law Enforcement Squad at once . they may have be put under the Imperius Curse ( see page @card@ ) . @card@ . should the Dark Mark appear over any dwelling place or other building , do NOT Enter , but contact the Auror office immediately . @card@ . unconfirmed sighting suggest that the Death Eaters may now be use Inferi ( see page @card@ ) . any sight of an Inferius , or encounter with same , should be report to the Ministry IMMEDIATELY . Harry grunt in his sleep and his face slide down the window an inch or so , make his glass still more lopsided , but he do not wake up . an alarm clock , repair by Harry several year ago , tick loudly on the sill , show one minute to eleven . beside it , hold in place by Harry 's relax hand , be a piece of parchment cover in thin , slanting writing . Harry have read this letter so often since its arrival three day ago that although it have be deliver in a tightly furl scroll , it now lie quite flat . Dear Harry , if it be convenient to you , I shall call at number four , Privet Drive this come Friday at eleven p.m. to escort you to the Burrow , where you have be invite to spend the remainder of your school holiday . if you be agreeable , I should also be glad of your assistance in a matter to which I hope to attend on the way to the Burrow . I shall explain this more fully when I see you . kindly send your answer by return of this owl . hope to see you this Friday , I be yours most sincerely , Albus Dumbledore Though he already know it by heart , Harry have be steal glance at this missive every few minute since seven o'clock that evening , when he have first take up his position beside his bedroom window , which have a reasonable view of both end of Privet Drive . he know it be pointless to keep reread Dumbledore 's word ; Harry have send back his " yes " with the deliver owl , as request , and all he could do now be wait : either Dumbledore be go to come , or he be not . but Harry have not pack . it just seem too good to be true that he be go to be rescue from the Dursley after a mere fortnight of their company . he could not shrug off the feeling that something be go to go wrong - his reply to Dumbledore 's letter might have go astray ; Dumbledore could be prevent from collect him ; the letter might turn out not to be from Dumbledore at all , but a trick or joke or trap . Harry have not be able to face packing and then be let down and have to unpack again . the only gesture he have make to the possibility of a journey be to shut his snowy owl , Hedwig , safely in her cage . the minute hand on the alarm clock reach the number twelve and , at that precise moment , the street-lamp outside the window go out . Harry awake as though the sudden darkness be an alarm . hastily straighten his glass and unstick his cheek from the glass , he press his nose against the window instead and squint down at the pavement . a tall figure in a long , billow cloak be walk up the garden path . Harry jump up as though he have receive an electric shock , knock over his chair , and start snatch anything and everything within reach from the floor and throw it into the trunk . then as he lob a set of robe , two spellbooks , and a packet of clasp across the room , the doorbell ring . downstairs in the live room his Uncle Vernon shout , " who the blaze be call at this lime of night ? " Harry freeze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainer in the other . he have completely forget to warn the Dursley that Dumbledore might be come . feel both panicky mid close to laughter , he clamber over the trunk and wrench open his bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice say , " good evening . you must be Mr. Dursley . I daresay Harry have tell you I would be come for him ? " Harry run down the stairs two at a time , come to an abrupt halt several step from the bottom , as long experience have teach him to remain out of arm 's reach of his uncle whenever possible . there in the doorway stand a tall , thin man with waist-length silver hair and beard . half-moon spectacle be perch on his crooked nose , and he be wear a long black travel cloak and a pointed hat . Vernon Dursley , whose mustache be quite as bushy as Dumbledore 's , though black , and who be wear a puce dressing gown , be stare at the visitor as though he could not believe his tiny eye . " judge by your look of stunned disbelief , Harry do not warn you that I be come , " say Dumbledore pleasantly . " however , let us assume that you have invite me warmly into your house . it be unwise to linger overlong on doorstep in these troubled time . " he step smartly over the threshold and close the front door behind him . " it be a long time since my last visit , " say Dumbledore , peer down his crooked nose at Uncle Vernon . " I must say , your agapanthus be flourish . " Vernon Dursley say nothing at all . Harry do not doubt that speech would return to him , and soon - the vein pulse in his uncle temple be reach danger point - but something about Dumbledore seem to have rob him temporarily of breath . it might have be the blatant wizardishness of his appearance , but it might , too , have be that even Uncle Vernon could sense that here be a man whom it would be very difficult to bully . " ah , good evening Harry , " say Dumbledore , look up at him through his half-moon glass with a most satisfied expression . " excellent , excellent . " these word seem to rouse Uncle Vernon . it be clear that as far as he be concern , any man who could look at Harry and say " excellent " be a man with whom he could never see eye to eye . " I do n't mean to be rude - " he begin , in a tone that threaten rudeness in every syllable . " - yet , sadly , accidental rudeness occur alarmingly often , " Dumbledore finish the sentence gravely . " good to say nothing at all , my dear man . ah , and this must be Petunia . " the kitchen door have open , and there stand Harry 's aunt , wear rubber glove and a housecoat over her nightdress , clearly halfway through her usual pre-bedtime wipe-down of all the kitchen surface . her rather horsey face register nothing but shock . " Albus Dumbledore , " say Dumbledore , when Uncle Vernon fail to effect an introduction . " we have correspond , of course . " Harry think this an odd way of remind Aunt Petunia that he have once send her an explode letter , but Aunt Petunia do not challenge the term . " and this must be your son , Dudley ? " Dudley have that moment peer around the live room door , his large , blond head rise out of the stripy collar of his pajamas look oddly disembodied , his mouth gape in astonishment and I car . Dumbledore wait a moment or two , apparently to see whether any of the Dursley be go to say anything , but as the silence stretch on he smile . " shall we assume that you have invite me into your sit room ? " Dudley scramble out of the way as Dumbledore pass him . Harry , still clutch the telescope and trainer , jump the last few stair and follow Dumbledore , who have settle himself in the armchair nearest the fire and be take in the surroundings with an expression of benign interest . he look quite extraordinarily out of place . " be n't - be n't we leave , sir ? " Harry ask anxiously . " yes , indeed we be , but there be a few matter we need to discuss first , " say Dumbledore . " and I would prefer not to do so in the open . we shall trespass upon your aunt and uncle 's hospitality only a little longer . " " you will , will you ? " Vernon Dursley have enter the room , Petunia at his shoulder , and Dudley skulk behind them both . " yes , " say Dumbledore simply , " I shall . " he draw his wand so rapidly that Harry barely see it ; with a casual flick , the sofa zoom forward and knock the knee out from under all three of the Dursley so that they collapse upon it in a heap . another flick of the wand and the sofa zoom back to its original position . " we may as well be comfortable , " say Dumbledore pleasantly . as he replace his wand in his pocket , Harry see that his hand be blacken and shrivel ; it look as though his flesh have be burn away . " Sir - what happen to your - ? " " later , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " please sit down . " Harry take the remain armchair , choose not to look at the Dursley , who seem stun into silence . " I would assume that you be go to offer me refreshment , " Dumbledore say to Uncle Vernon , " but the evidence so far suggest that that would be optimistic to the point of foolishness . " a third twitch of the wand , and a dusty bottle and five glass appear in midair . the bottle tip and pour a generous measure of honey-colored liquid into each of the glass , which then float to each person in the room . " madam Rosmertas fine oak-matured mead , " say Dumbledore , raise his glass to Harry , who catch hold of his own and sip . he have never taste anything like it before , but enjoy it immensely . the Dursley , after quick , scared look at one another , try to ignore their glass completely , a difficult feat , as they be nudge them gently on the side of their head . Harry could not suppress a suspicion that Dumbledore be rather enjoy himself . " well , Harry , " say Dumbledore , turn toward him , " a difficulty have arise which I hope you will be able to solve for us . by us , I mean the order of the Phoenix . but first of all I must tell you that Sirius 's will be discover a week ago and that he leave you everything he own . " over on the sofa , Uncle Vernon head turn , but Harry do not look at him , nor could he think of anything to say except , " oh . right . " " this be , in the main , fairly straightforward , " Dumbledore go on . " you add a reasonable amount of gold to your account at gringotts , and you inherit all of Sirius 's personal possession . the slightly problematic part of the legacy - " " his godfather be dead ? " say Uncle Vernon loudly from the sofa . Dumbledore and Harry both turn to look at him . the glass of mead be now knock quite insistently on the side of Vernon head ; he attempt to beat it away . " he be dead ? his godfather ? " " yes , " say Dumbledore . he do not ask Harry why he have not confide in the Dursley . " our problem , " he continue to Harry , as if there have be no interruption , " be that Sirius also leave you number twelve , Grimmauld Place . " " he have be leave a house ? " say Uncle Vernon greedily , his small eye narrowing , but nobody answer him . " you can keep use it as headquarters , " say Harry . " I do n't care . you can have it , I do n't really want it . " Harry never want to set foot in number twelve , Grimmauld Place again if he could help it . he think he would be haunt forever by the memory of Sirius prowl its dark musty room alone , imprison within the place he have want so desperately to leave . " that be generous , " say Dumbledore . " we have , however , vacate the building temporarily . " " why ? " " well , " say Dumbledore , ignore the muttering of Uncle Vernon , who be now be rap smartly over the head by the persistent glass of mead , " Black family tradition decree that the house be hand down the direct line , to the next male with the name of ' Black . ' Sirius be the very last of the line as his young brother , Regulus , predecease him and both be childless . while his will make it perfectly plain that he want you to have the house , it be nevertheless possible that some spell or enchantment have be set upon the place to ensure that it can be own by anyone other than a pureblood . " a vivid image of the shriek , spit portrait of Sirius 's mother that hang in the hall of number twelve , Grimmauld Place flash into Harry 's mind . " I bet there have , " he say . " quite , " say Dumbledore . " and if such an enchantment exist , then the ownership of the house be most likely to pass to the eldest of Sirius 's live relative , which would mean his cousin , Bellatrix Lestrange . " without realize what he be do , Harry spring to his foot ; the telescope and trainer in his lap roll across the floor . Bellatrix Lestrange , Sirius 's killer , inherit his house ? " no , " he say . " well , obviously we would prefer that she do n't get it either , " say Dumbledore calmly . " the situation be fraught with complication . we do not know whether the enchantment we ourselves have place upon it , for example , make it Unplottable , will hold now that ownership have pass from Sirius 's hand . it might be that Bellatrix will arrive on the doorstep at any moment . naturally we have to move out until such time as we have clarify the position . " " but how be you go to find out if I be allow to own it ? " " fortunately , " say Dumbledore , " there be a simple test . " he place his empty glass on a small table beside his chair , but before he could do anything else , Uncle Vernon shout , " will you get these ruddy thing off us ? " Harry look around ; all three of the Dursley be cower with their arm over their head as their glass bounce up and down on their skull , their content fly everywhere . " oh , I be so sorry , " say Dumbledore politely , and he raise his wand again . all three glass vanish . " but it would have be good manner to drink it , you know . " it look as though Uncle Vernon be burst with any number of unpleasant retort , but he merely shrink back into the cushion with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and say nothing , keep his small piggy eye on Dumbledore 's wand . " you see , " Dumbledore say , turn back to Harry and again speak as though Uncle Vernon have not utter , " if you have indeed inherit the house , you have also inherit - " he flick his wand for a fifth time . there be a loud crack , and a house-elf appear , with a snout for a nose , giant bat 's ear , and enormous bloodshot eye , crouch on the Dursley ' shag carpet and cover in grimy rag . aunt Petunia let out a hair-raising shriek ; nothing this filthy have enter her house in live memory . Dudley draw his large , bare , pink foot off the floor and sit with them raise almost above his head , as though he think the creature might run up his pajama trouser , and Uncle Vernon bellow , " what the hell be that ? " " Kreacher , " finish Dumbledore . " Kreacher wo n't , Kreacher wo n't , Kreacher wo n't ! " croak the house-elf , quite as loudly as Uncle Vernon , stamp his long , gnarled foot and pull his ear . " Kreacher belong to Miss Bellatrix , oh yes , Kreacher belong to the Blacks , Kreacher want his new mistress , Kreacher wo n't go to the Potter brat , Kreacher wo n't , wo n't , wo n't - " " as you can see , Harry , " say Dumbledore loudly , over Kreacher 's continued croak of " wont , wo n't , wo n't , " " Kreacher be show a certain reluctance to pass into your ownership . " " I do n't care , " say Harry again , look with disgust at the writhe , stamp house-elf . " I do n't want him . " " wo n't , wo n't , wo n't , wo n't - " " you would prefer him to pass into the ownership of Bellatrix Lestrange ? bear in mind that he have live at the headquarters of the order of the Phoenix for the past year ? " " wo n't , wo n't , wo n't , wo n't - " Harry stare at Dumbledore . he know that Kreacher could not be permit to go and live with Bellatrix Lestrange , but the idea of own him , of have responsibility for the creature that have betray Sirius , be repugnant . " give him an order , " say Dumbledore . " if he have pass into your ownership , he will have to obey . if not , then we shall have to think of some other means of keep him from his rightful mistress . " " wo n't , wo n't , wo n't , WO N'T ! " Kreacher 's voice have rise to a scream . Harry could think of nothing to say , except , " Kreacher , shut up ! " it look for a moment as though Kreacher be go to choke . he grab his throat , his mouth still work furiously , his eye bulge . after a few second of frantic gulp , he throw himself face forward onto the carpet ( Aunt Petunia whimper ) and beat the floor with his hand and foot , give himself over to a violent , but entirely silent , tantrum . " well , that simplify matter , " say Dumbledore cheerfully . " it mean that Sirius know what he be do . you be the rightful owner of number twelve , Grimmauld Place and of Kreacher . " " do I - do I have to keep him with me ? " Harry ask , aghast , us Kreacher thrash around at his foot . " not if you do n't want to , " say Dumbledore . " if I might make a suggestion , you could send him to Hogwarts to work in the kitchen there . in that way , the other house-elves could keep an eye on him . " " yeah , " say Harry in relief , " yeah , I will do that . er - Kreacher - I want you to go to Hogwarts and work in the kitchen there with the other house-elves . " Kreacher , who be now lie flat on his back with his arm and leg in the air , give Harry one upside-down look of deep loathing and , with another loud crack , vanish . " good , " say Dumbledore . " there be also the matter of the hippogriff , Buckbeak . Hagrid have be look after him since Sirius die , but Buckbeak be yours now , so if you would prefer to make different arrangement - " " no , " say Harry at once , " he can stay with Hagrid . I think Buckbeak would prefer that . " " Hagrid will be delight , " say Dumbledore , smile . " he be thrill to see Buckbeak again . incidentally , we have decide , in the interest of Buckbeak 's safety , to rechristen him ' Witherwings ' for the time be , though I doubt that the Ministry would ever guess he be the hippogriff they once sentence to death . now , Harry , be your trunk pack ? " erm … " Doubtful that I would turn up ? " Dumbledore suggest shrewdly . " I will just go and - er - finish off , " say Harry hastily , hurry to pick up his fall telescope and trainer . it take him a little over ten minute to track down everything he need ; at last he have manage to extract his Invisibility Cloak from under the bed , screw the top back on his jar of colorchange ink , and force the lid of his trunk shut on his cauldron . then , heave his trunk in one hand and hold Hedwig 's cage in the other , he make his way back downstairs , he be disappoint to discover that Dumbledore be not wait in the hall , which mean that he have to return to the live room . nobody be talk . Dumbledore be hum quietly , apparently quite at his ease , but the atmosphere be thick than cold custard , and Harry do not dare look at the Dursley as he say , " Professor - I be ready now . " " good , " say Dumbledore . " just one last thing , then . " and he turn to speak to the Dursley once more . " as you will no doubt be aware , Harry come of age in a year time - " " no , " say Aunt Petunia , speak for the first time since Dumbledore 's arrival . " I be sorry ? " say Dumbledore politely . " no , he do n't . he be a month young than Dudley , and Dudders do n't turn eighteen until the year after next . " " ah , " say Dumbledore pleasantly , " but in the Wizarding world , we come of age at seventeen . " Uncle Vernon mutter , " preposterous , " but Dumbledore ignore him , " now , as you already know , the wizard call Lord Voldemort have return to this country . the Wizarding community be currently in a state of open warfare . Harry , whom Lord Voldemort have already attempt to kill on a number of occasion , be in even great danger now than the day when I leave him upon your doorstep fifteen year ago , with a letter explain about his parent ' murder and express the hope that you would care for him as though he be your own . " Dumbledore pause , and although his voice remain light and calm , and he give no obvious sign of anger , Harry feel a kind of chill emanate from him and notice that the Dursley draw very slightly closer together . " you do not do as I ask . you have never treat Harry as a son . he have know nothing but neglect and often cruelty at your hand . the good that can be say be that he have at least escape the appalling damage you have inflict upon the unfortunate boy sit between you . " both Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon look around instinctively , as though expect to see someone other than Dudley squeeze between them . " us - mistreat Dudders ? what d'you - ? " begin Uncle Vernon furiously , but Dumbledore raise his ringer for silence , a silence which fall as though he have strike Uncle Vernon dumb . " the magic I evoke fifteen year ago mean that Harry have powerful protection while he can still call this house ' home . ' however miserable he have be here , however unwelcome , however badly treat , you have at least , grudgingly , allow him houseroom . this magic will cease to operate the moment that Harry turn seventeen ; in other word , at the moment he become a man . I ask only this : that you allow Harry to return , once more , to this house , before his seventeenth birthday , which will ensure that the protection continue until that time . " none of the Dursley say anything . Dudley be frown slightly , as though he be still try to work out when he have ever be mistreat . Uncle Vernon look as though he have something stick in his throat ; Aunt Petunia , however , be oddly flush . " well , Harry … time for us to be off , " say Dumbledore at last , stand up and straighten his long black cloak . " until we meet again , " he say to the Dursley , who look as though that moment could wait forever as far as they be concern , and after doff his hat , he sweep from the room . " bye , " say Harry hastily to the Dursley , and follow Dumbledore , who pause beside Harry 's trunk , upon which Hedwig 's cage be perch . " we do not want to be encumber by these just now , " he say , pull out his wand again . " I shall send them to the Burrow to await us there . however , I would like you to bring your Invisibility Cloak … just in case . " Harry extract his cloak from his trunk with some difficulty , try not to show Dumbledore the mess within . when he have stuff it into an inside pocket of his jacket , Dumbledore wave his wand and the trunk , cage , and Hedwig vanish . Dumbledore then wave his wand again , and the front door open onto cool , misty darkness . " and now , Harry , let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress , adventure . " chapter Four Horace Slughorn despite the fact that he have spend every wake moment of the past few day hope desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him , Harry feel distinctly awkward as they set off down Privet Drive together . he have never have a proper conversation with the headmaster outside of Hogwarts before ; there be usually a desk between them . the memory of their last face-toface encounter keep intrude too , and it rather heighten Harry 's sense of embarrassment ; he have shout a lot on that occasion , not to mention do his good to smash several of Dumbledore 's most prized possession . Dumbledore , however , seem completely relax . " keep your wand at the ready , Harry , " he say brightly . " but I think I be not allow to use magic outside school , sir ? " " if there be an attack , " say Dumbledore , " I give you permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might occur to you . however , I do not think you need worry about be attack tonight . " " why not , sir ? " " you be with me , " say Dumbledore simply . " this will do , Harry . " he come to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive . " you have not , of course , pass your apparition test , " he say . " no , " say Harry . " I think you have to be seventeen ? " " you do , " say Dumbledore . " so you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly . my left , if you do n't mind - as you have notice , my wand arm be a little fragile at the moment . " Harry grip Dumbledore 's proffer forearm . " very good , " say Dumbledore . " well , here we go . " Harry feel Dumbledore 's arm twist away from him and redouble his grip ; the next thing he know , everything go black ; he be be press very hard from all direction ; he could not breathe , there be iron band tighten around his chest ; his eyeball be be force back into his head ; his eardrum be be push deep into his skull and then - he gulp great lungfulls of cold night air and open his stream eye . he feel as though he have just be force through a very tight rubber tube . it be a few second before he realize that Privet Drive have vanish . he and Dumbledore be now stand in what appear to be a desert village square , in the center of which stand an old war memorial and a few bench . his comprehension catch up with his sense , Harry realize that he have just Apparated for the first time in his life . " be you all right ? " ask Dumbledore , look down at him solicitously . " the sensation do take some get use to . " " I be fine , " say Harry , rub his ear , which feel as though they have leave Privet Drive rather reluctantly . " but I think I might prefer broom … " Dumbledore smile , draw his travel cloak a little more lightly around his neck , and say , " this way . " he set off at a brisk pace , past an empty inn and a few house . accord to a clock on a nearby church , it be almost midnight . " so tell me , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " your scar … have it be hurt at all ? " Harry raise a hand unconsciously to his forehead and rub the lightning-shaped mark . " no , " he say , " and I have be wonder about that . I think it would be burn all the time now Voldemort be get so powerful again . " he glance up at Dumbledore and see that he be wear a satisfied expression . " I , on the other hand , think otherwise , " say Dumbledore . " Lord Voldemort have finally realize the dangerous access to his thought and feeling you have be enjoy . it appear that he be now employ Occlumency against you . " " well , I be not complain , " say Harry , who miss neither the disturbing dream nor the startling flash of insight into Voldemort 's mind . they turn a corner , pass a telephone box and a bus shelter . Harry look sideways at Dumbledore again . " professor ? " " Harry ? " " er - where exactly be we ? " " this , Harry , be the charming village of Budleigh Babberton . " " and what be we do here ? " " ah yes , of course , I have n't tell you , " say Dumbledore . " well , I have lose count of the number of time I have say this in recent year , but we be , once again , one member of staff short . we be here to persuade an old colleague of mine to come out of retirement and return to Hogwarts . " " how can I help with that , sir ? " " oh , I think we will find a use for you , " say Dumbledore vaguely . " left here , Harry . " they proceed up a steep , narrow street line with house . all the window be dark . the odd chill that have lie over Privet Drive for two week persist here too . think of dementors , Harry cast a look over his shoulder and grasp his wand reassuringly in his pocket . " professor , why could n't we just Apparate directly into your old colleague 's house ? " " because it would be quite as rude as kick down the front door , " say Dumbledore . " courtesy dictate that we offer fellow wizard the opportunity of deny us entry . in any case , most Wizarding dwelling be magically protect from unwanted Apparators . at Hogwarts , for instance - " " - you ca n't Apparate anywhere inside the building or ground , " say Harry quickly . " Hermione Granger tell me . " " and she be quite right . we turn left again . " the church clock chime midnight behind them . Harry wonder why Dumbledore do not consider it rude to call on his old colleague so late , but now that conversation have be establish , he have more press question to ask . " Sir , I see in the Daily Prophet that Fudge have be sack … " " Correct , " say Dumbledore , now turn up a steep side street . " he have be replace , as I be sure you also see , by Rufus Scrimgeour , who use to be Head of the Auror office . " " be he … do you think he be good ? " ask Harry . " an interesting question , " say Dumbledore . " he be able , certainly . a more decisive and forceful personality than Cornelius . " " yes , but I mean - " " I know what you mean . Rufus be a man of action and , have fight dark wizard for most of his work life , do not underestimate Lord Voldemort . " Harry wait , but Dumbledore do not say anything about the disagreement with Scrimgeour that the Daily Prophet have report , and he do not have the nerve to pursue the subject , so he change it . " and … sir … I see about Madam Bones . " " yes , " say Dumbledore quietly . " a terrible loss . she be a great witch . just up here , I think - ouch . " he have point with his injured hand . " Professor , what happen to your … ? " " I have no time to explain now , " say Dumbledore . " it be a thrilling tale , I wish to do it justice . " he smile at Harry , who understand that he be not be snub , and that he have permission to keep ask question . " Sir - I get a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl , about security measure we should all take against the Death Eaters … " " Yes , I receive one myself , " say Dumbledore , still smile . " do you find it useful ? " " not really . " " no , I think not . you have not ask me , for instance , what be my favorite flavor of jam , to check that I be indeed Professor Dumbledore and not an impostor . " " I do n't … " Harry begin , not entirely sure whether he be be reprimand or not . " for future reference , Harry , it be raspberry … although of course , if I be a Death Eater , I would have be sure to research my own jam preference before impersonate myself . " " er … right , " say Harry . " well , on that leaflet , it say something about Inferi . what exactly be they ? the leaflet be n't very clear . " " they be corpse , " say Dumbledore calmly . " dead body that have be bewitch to do a dark wizard 's bidding . Inferi have not be see for a long time , however , not since Voldemort be last powerful … he kill enough people to make an army of them , of course . this be the place , Harry , just here … " they be near a small , neat stone house set in its own garden . Harry be too busy digest the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention leave for anything else , but as they reach the front gate , Dumbledore stop dead and Harry walk into him . " oh dear . oh dear , dear , dear . " Harry follow his gaze up the carefully tend front path and feel his heart sink . the front door be hang off its hinge . Dumbledore glance up and down the street . it seem quite desert . " wand out and follow me , Harry , " he say quietly . he open the gate and walk swiftly and silently up the garden path , Harry at his heel , then push the front door very slowly , his wand raise and at the ready . " Lumos . " Dumbledore 's wand tip ignite , cast its light up a narrow hallway . to the left , another door stand open . hold his illuminate wand aloft , Dumbledore walk into the sit room with Harry right behind him . a scene of total devastation meet their eye . a grandfather clock lie splinter at their foot , its face crack , its pendulum lie a little farther away like a drop sword . a piano be on its side , its key strew across the floor . the wreckage of a fall chandelier flitter nearby . cushion lie deflate , feather ooze from slash in their side ; fragment of glass and china lie like powder over everything . Dumbledore raise his wand even high , so that its light be throw upon the wall , where something darkly red and glutinous be spatter over the wallpaper . Harry 's small intake of breath make Dumbledore look around . " not pretty , be it ? " he say heavily . " yes , something horrible have happen here . " Dumbledore move carefully into the middle of the room , scrutinize the wreckage at his foot . Harry follow , gaze around , half-scared of what he might see hide behind the wreck of the piano or the overturn sofa , but there be no sign of a body . " maybe there be a fight and - and they drag him off , Professor ? " Harry suggest , try not to imagine how badly wound a man would have to be to leave those stain spatter halfway up the wall . " I do n't think so , " say Dumbledore quietly , peer behind an overstuff armchair lie on its side . " you mean he be - ? " " still here somewhere ? yes . " and without warning , Dumbledore swoop , plunge the tip of his wand into the seat of the overstuff armchair , which yell , " Ouch ! " " good evening , Horace , " say Dumbledore , straighten up again . Harry jaw drop . where a split second before there have be an armchair , there now crouch an enormously fat , bald , old man who be massage his low belly and squint up at Dumbledore with an aggrieve and watery eye . " there be no need to stick the wand in that hard , " he say gruffly , clamber to his foot . " it hurt . " the wandlight sparkle on his shiny pate , his prominent eye , his enormous , silver , walruslike mustache , and the highly polish button on the maroon velvet jacket he be wear over a pair of lilac silk pajamas . the top of his head barely reach Dumbledore 's chin . " what give it away ? " he grunt as he stagger to his foot , still rub his low belly . he seem remarkably unabashed for a man who have just be discover pretend to be an armchair . " my dear Horace , " say Dumbledore , look amused , " if the Death Eaters really have come to call , the Dark Mark would have be set over the house . " the wizard clap a pudgy hand to his vast forehead . " the Dark Mark , " he mutter . " know there be something … ah well . would n't have have time anyway , I will only just put the finish touch to my upholstery when you enter the room . " he heave a great sigh that make the end of his mustache flutter . " would you like my assistance clear up ? " ask Dumbledore politely . " please , " say the other . they stand back to back , the tall thin wizard and the short round one , and wave their wand in one identical sweeping motion . the furniture fly back to its original place ; ornament re-form in midair , feather zoom into their cushion ; torn book repair themselves as they land upon their shelf ; oil lantern soar onto side table and reignite ; a vast collection of splinter silver picture frame fly glitter across the room and alight , whole and untarnished , upon a desk ; rip , crack , and hole heal everywhere , and the wall wipe themselves clean . " what kind of blood be that , incidentally ? " ask Dumbledore loudly over the chime of the newly unsmashed grandfather flock . " on the wall ? Dragon , " shout the wizard call Horace , as , with a deafen grind and tinkle , the chandelier screw itself back into the ceiling . there be a final plunk from the piano , and silence . " yes , dragon , " repeat the wizard conversationally . " my last bottle , and price be sky-high at the moment . still , it might be reusable . " he stump over to a small crystal bottle standing on top of a sideboard and hold it up to the light , examine the thick liquid within . " hmm . bit dusty . " he set the bottle back on the sideboard and sigh . it be then that his gaze fall upon Harry . " Oho , " he say , his large round eye fly to Harry 's forehead and the lightning-shaped scar it bear . " Oho ! " " this , " say Dumbledore , move forward to make the introduction , " be Harry Potter . Harry , this be an old Friend and colleague of mine , Horace Slughorn . " Slughorn turn on Dumbledore , his expression shrewd . " so that be how you think you will persuade me , be it ? well , the answer 's no , Albus . " he push past Harry , his face turn resolutely away with the air of a man try to resist temptation . " I suppose we can have a drink , at least ? " ask Dumbledore . " for old time 's sake ? " Slughorn hesitate . " all right then , one drink , " he say ungraciously . Dumbledore smile at Harry and direct him toward a chair not unlike the one that Slughorn have so recently impersonate , which stand right beside the newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp . Harry take the seat with the distinct impression that Dumbledore , for some reason , want to keep him as visible as possible . certainly when Slughorn , who have be busy with decanter and glass , turn to face the room again , his eye fall immediately upon Harry . " Hmpf , " he say , look away quickly as though frightened of hurt his eye . " here - " he give a drink to Dumbledore , who have sit down without invitation , thrust the tray at Harry , and then sink into the cushion of the repair sofa and a disgruntled silence . his leg be so short they do not touch the floor . " well , how have you be keep , Horace ? " Dumbledore ask . " not so well , " say Slughorn at once . " weak chest . wheezy . rheumatism too . can n't move like I use to . well , that be to be expect . old age . fatigue . " " and yet you must have move fairly quickly to prepare such a welcome for us at such short notice , " say Dumbledore . " you ca n't have have more than three minute ' warning ? " Slughorn say , half irritably , half proudly , " Two . do n't hear my Intruder Charm go off , I be take a bath . still , " he add sternly , seem to pull himself back together again , " the fact remain that I be an old man , Albus . a tired old man who have earn the right to a quiet life and a few creature comfort . " he certainly have those , think Harry , look around the room . it be stuffy and cluttered , yet nobody could say it be uncomfortable ; there be soft chair and footstool , drink and book , box of chocolate and plump cushion . if Harry have not know who live there , he would have guess at a rich , fussy old lady . " you be not yet as old as I be , Horace , " say Dumbledore . " well , maybe you ought to think about retirement yourself , " say Slughorn bluntly . his pale gooseberry eye have find Dumbledore 's injured hand . " reaction not what they be , I see . " " you be quite right , " say Dumbledore serenely , shake back his sleeve to reveal the tip of those burn and blacken ringer ; the sight of them make the back of Harry 's neck prickle unpleasantly . " I be undoubtedly slow than I be . but on the other hand … " he shrug and spread his hand wide , as though to say that age have its compensation , and Harry notice a ring on his uninjured hand that he have never see Dumbledore wear before : it be large , rather clumsily make of what look like gold , and be set with a heavy black stone that have crack down the middle . Slughorn 's eye linger for a moment on the ring too , and Harry see a tiny frown momentarily crease his wide forehead . " so , all these precaution against intruder , Horace … be they for the Death Eaters ' benefit , or mine ? " ask Dumbledore . " what would the death eater want with a poor broken-down old buffer like me ? " demand Slughorn . " I imagine that they would want you to turn your considerable talent to coercion , torture , and murder , " say Dumbledore . " be you really tell me that they have n't come recruit yet ? " Slughorn eye Dumbledore balefully for a moment , then mutter , " I have n't give them the chance . I have be on the move for a year . never stay in one place more than a week . move from Muggle house to Muggle house - the owner of this place be on holiday in the Canary Islands - it have be very pleasant , I will be sorry to leave . it be quite easy once you know how , one simple Freezing Charm on these absurd burglar alarm they use instead of Sneako-scopes and make sure the neighbor do n't spot you bring in the piano . " " ingenious , " say Dumbledore . " but it sound a rather tire existence for a broken-down old buffer in search of a quiet life . now , if you be to return to Hogwarts - " " if you be go to tell me my life would be more peaceful at that pestilential school , you can save your breath , Albus ! I might have be in hiding , but some funny rumor have reach me since Dolores Umbridge leave ! if that be how you treat teacher these day - " " Professor Umbridge run afoul of our centaur herd , " say Dumbledore . " I think you , Horace , would have know well than to stride into the forest and call a horde of angry centaur ' filthy half-breed . ' " " that be what she do , do she ? " say Slughorn . " idiotic woman . never like her . " Harry chuckle and both Dumbledore and Slughorn look round at him . " sorry , " Harry say hastily . " it be just - I do n't like her either . " Dumbledore stand up rather suddenly . " be you leave ? " ask Slughorn at once , look hopeful . " no , I be wonder whether I might use your bathroom , " say Dumbledore . " oh , " say Slughorn , clearly disappoint . " second on the leave down the hall . " Dumbledore stride from the room . once the door have close behind him , there be silence . after a few moment , Slughorn get to his foot but seem uncertain what to do with himself . he shoot a furtive look at Harry , then cross to the fire and turn his back on it , warm his wide behind . " do n't think I do n't know why he have bring you , " he say abruptly . Harry merely look at Slughorn . Slughorn 's watery eye slide over Harry 's scar , this time take in the rest of his face . " you look very like your father . " " yeah , I have be tell , " say Harry . " except for your eye . you have get - - " " my mother 's eye , yeah . " Harry have hear it so often he find it a bit wear . " Hmpf . yes , well . you should n't have favorite as a teacher , of course , but she be one of mine . your mother , " Slughorn add , in answer to Harry question look . " Lily Evans . one of the bright I ever teach . vivacious , you know . charming girl . I use to tell her she ought to have be in my house . very cheeky answer I use to get back too . " " which be your house ? " " I be Head of Slytherin , " say Slughorn . " oh , now , " he go on quickly , see the expression on Harry 's face and wag a stubby ringer at him , " do n't go holding that against me ! you will be Gryffindor like her , I suppose ? yes , it usually go in family . not always , though . ever hear of Sirius Black ? you must have do - be in the paper for the last couple of year - die a few week ago - " it be as though an invisible hand have twist Harry 's intestine and hold them tight . " well , anyway , he be a big pal of your father be at school . the whole Black family have be in my house , but Sirius end up in Gryffindor ! shame - he be a talented boy . I get his brother , Regulus , when he come along , but I will have like the set . " he sound like an enthusiastic collector who have be outbid at auction . apparently lose in memory , he gaze at the opposite wall , turn idly on the spot to ensure an even heat on his backside . " your mother be Muggle-born , of course . could n't believe it when I find out . think she must have be pure-blood , she be so good . " " one of my good friend be Muggle-born , " say Harry , " and she be the good in our year . " " funny how that sometimes happen , be n't it ? " say Slughorn . " not really , " say Harry coldly . Slughorn look down at him in surprise . " you must n't think I be prejudice ! " he say . " no , no , no ! have n't I just say your mother be one of my all-time favorite student ? and there be Dirk Cresswell in the year after her too - now Head of the Goblin Liaison Office , of course - another Muggle-born , a very gifted student , and still give me excellent inside information on the goings-on at Gringotts ! " he bounce up and down a little , smile in a self-satisfied way , and point at the many glitter photograph frame on the dresser , each people with tiny move occupant . " all ex-students , all sign . you will notice Barnabas Cuffe , editor of the Daily Prophet , he be always interested to hear my take on the day 's news . and Ambrosius Flume , of Honeydukes - a hamper every birthday , and all because I be able to give him an introduction to Ciceron Harkisss who give him his first job ! and at the back - you will see her if you just crane your neck - that be Gwenog Jones , who of course captain the Holyhead Harpies … people be always astonish to hear I be on first-name term with the harpy , and free ticket whenever I want them ! " this thought seem to cheer him up enormously . " and all these people know where to find you , to send you stuff ? " ask Harry , who could not help wonder why the Death Eaters have not yet track down Slughorn if hamper of sweet , Quidditch ticket , and visitor crave his advice and opinion could find him . the smile slide from Slughorn 's face as quickly as the blood from his wall . " of course not , " he say , look down at Harry . " I have be out of touch with everybody for a year . " Harry have the impression that the word shock Slughorn himself ; he look quite unsettled for a moment . then he shrug . " still … the prudent wizard keep his head down in such time . all very well for Dumbledore to talk , but take up a post at Hogwarts just now would be tantamount to declare my public allegiance to the order of the Phoenix ! and while I be sure they be very admirable and brave and all the rest of it , I do n't personally fancy the mortality rate - " " you do n't have to join the order to teach at Hogwarts , " say Harry , who could not quite keep a note of derision out of his voice : it be hard to sympathize with Slughorn 's cosset existence when he remember Sirius , crouch in a cave and living on rat . " most of the teacher be n't in it , and none of them have ever be kill - well , unless you count Quirrell , and he get what he deserve see as he be work with Voldemort . " Harry have be sure Slughorn would be one of those wizard who could not bear to hear Voldemort 's name speak aloud , and be not disappoint : Slughorn give a shudder and a squawk of protest , which Harry ignore . " I reckon the staff be safe than most people while Dumbledore 's headmaster ; he be suppose to be the only one Voldemort ever fear , be n't he ? " Harry go on . Slughorn gaze into space for a moment or two : he seem to be think over Harry 's word . " well , yes , it be true that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named have never seek a fight with Dumbledore , " he mutter grudgingly . " and I suppose one could argue that as I have not join the Death Eaters , He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named can hardly count me a friend … in which case , I might well be safe a little close to Albus … I can pretend that Amelia Bones 's death do not shake me … if she , with all her Ministry contact and protection … " Dumbledore reenter the room and Slughorn jump as though he have forget he be in the house . " oh , there you be , Albus , " he say . " you have be a very long lime . upset stomach ? " " no , I be merely read the Muggle magazine , " say Dumbledore . " I do love knit pattern . well , Harry , we have trespass upon Horace 's hospitality quite long enough ; I think it be time for us to leave . " not at all reluctant to obey , Harry jump to his foot . Slughorn sin take aback . " you be leave ? " " yes , indeed . I think I know a lost cause when I see one . " " lost … ? " Slughorn seem agitate . he twiddle his fat thumb and fidget as he watch Dumbledore fasten his travel cloak , and Harry zip up his jacket . " well , I be sorry you do n't want the job , Horace , " say Dumbledore , raise his uninjured hand in a farewell salute . " Hogwarts would have be glad to see you back again . our greatly increase security notwithstanding , you will always be welcome to visit , should you wish to . " " yes … well … very gracious … as I say … " " Good-bye , then . " " bye , " say Harry . they be at the front door when there be a shout from behind them . " all right , all right , I will do it ! " Dumbledore turn to see Slughorn stand breathless in the doorway to the sit room . " you will come out of retirement ? " " yes , yes , " say Slughorn impatiently . " I must be mad , but yes . " " wonderful , " say Dumbledore , beaming . " then , Horace , we shall see you on the first of September . " " yes , I daresay you will , " grunt Slughorn . as they set off down the garden path , Slughorn 's voice float after them , " I will want a pay rise , Dumbledore ! " Dumbledore chuckle . the garden gate swing shut behind them , and they set off back down the hill through the dark and the swirling mist . " well do , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " I do n't do anything , " say Harry in surprise . " oh yes you do . you show Horace exactly how much he stand to gain by return to Hogwarts . do you like him ? " " er … " Harry be n't sure whether he like Slughorn or not . he suppose he have be pleasant in his way , but he have also seem vain and , whatever he say to the contrary , much too surprise that a Muggle-born should make a good witch . " Horace , " say Dumbledore , relieve Harry of the responsibility to say any of this , " like his comfort . he also like the company of the famous , the successful , and the powerful . he enjoy the feeling that he influence these people . he have never want to occupy the throne himself ; he prefer the backseat - more room to spread out , you see . he use to handpick favorite at Hogwarts , sometimes for their ambition or their brain , sometimes for their charm or their talent , and he have an uncanny knack for choose those who would go on to become outstanding in their various field . Horace form a kind of club of his favorite with himself at the center , make introduction , forge useful contact between member , and always reap some kind of benefit in return , whether a free box of his favorite crystallize pineapple or the chance to recommend the next junior member of the Goblin liaison office . " Harry have a sudden and vivid mental image of a great swollen spider , spin a web around it , twitch a thread here and there to bring its large and juicy fly a little close . " I tell you all this , " Dumbledore continue , " not to turn you against Horace - or , as we must now call him , Professor Slughorn - but to put you on your guard . he will undoubtedly try to collect you , Harry . you would be the jewel of his collection ; ' the Boy who Lived ' … or , as they call you these day , ' the Chosen one . ' " at these word , a chill that have nothing to do with the surrounding mist steal over Harry . he be remind of word he have hear a few week ago , word that have a horrible and particular meaning to him : neither can live while the other survive … Dumbledore have stop walking , level with the church they have pass earlier . " this will do , Harry . if you will grasp my arm . " brace this time , Harry be ready for the apparition , but still find it unpleasant . when the pressure disappear and he find himself able to breathe again , he be stand in a country lane beside Dumbledore and look ahead to the crooked silhouette of his second favorite building in the world : the Burrow . in spite of the feeling of dread that have just sweep through him , his spirit could not help but lift at the sight of it . Ron be in there … and so be Mrs. Weasley , who could cook good than anyone he know … " if you do n't mind , Harry , " say Dumbledore , as they pass through the gate , " I will like a few word with you before we part . in private . perhaps in here ? " Dumbledore point toward a run-down stone outhouse where the Weasleys keep their broomstick . a little puzzle , Harry follow Dumbledore through the creak door into a space a little small than the average cupboard . Dumbledore illuminate the tip of his wand , so that it glow like a torch , and smile down at Harry . " I hope you will forgive me for mention it , Harry , but I be please and a little proud at how well you seem to be cope after everything that happen at the Ministry . permit me to say that I think Sirius would have be proud of you . " Harry swallow ; his voice seem to have desert him . he do not think he could stand to discuss Sirius ; it have be painful enough to hear Uncle Vernon say " his godfather be dead ? " and even bad to hear Sirius 's name throw out casually by Slughorn . " it be cruel , " say Dumbledore softly , " that you and Sirius have such a short time together . a brutal ending to what should have be a long and happy relationship . " Harry nod , his eye fix resolutely on the spider now climb Dumbledore 's hat . he could tell that Dumbledore understand , that he might even suspect that until his letter arrive , Harry have spend nearly all his time at the Dursley ' lie on his bed , refuse meal , and stare at the mist window , full of the chill emptiness that he have come to associate with dementors . " it be just hard , " Harry say finally , in a low voice , " to realize he wo n't write to me again . " his eye burn suddenly and he blink . he feel stupid for admit it , but the fact that he have have someone outside Hogwarts who care what happen to him , almost like a parent , have be one of the good thing about discover his godfather … and now the post owl would never bring him that comfort again … " Sirius represent much to you that you have never know before , " say Dumbledore gently . " naturally , the loss be devastating … " " but while I be at the Dursley ' … " interrupt Harry , his voice grow strong , " I realize I ca n't shut myself away or - or crack up . Sirius would n't have want that , would he ? and anyway , life be too short … look at Madam Bones , look at Emmeline Vance … it could be me next , could n't it ? but if it be , " he say fiercely , now look straight into Dumbledore 's blue eye gleam in the wandlight , " I will make sure I take as many death eater with me as I can , and Voldemort too if I can manage it . " " speak both like your mother and father 's son and Sirius 's true godson ! " say Dumbledore , with an approve pat on Harry 's back . " I take my hat off to you - or I would , if I be not afraid of shower you in spider . " and now , Harry , on a closely relate subject … I gather that you have be take the Daily Prophet over the last two week ? " " yes , " say Harry , and his heart beat a little faster . " then you will have see that there have be not so much leak as flood concern your adventure in the Hall of Prophecy ? " " yes , " say Harry again . " and now everyone know that I be the one - " " no , they do not , " interrupt Dumbledore . " there be only two people in the whole world who know the full content of the prophecy make about you and Lord Voldemort , and they be both standing in this smelly , spidery broom shed . it be true , however , that many have guess , correctly , that Voldemort send his death eater to steal a prophecy , and that the prophecy concern you . " now , I think I be correct in say that you have not tell anybody that you know what the prophecy say ? " " no , " say Harry . " a wise decision , on the whole , " say Dumbledore . " although I think you ought to relax it in favor of your friend , Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger . yes , " he continue , when Harry look startle , " I think they ought to know . you do them a disservice by not confide something this important to them . " " I do n't want - " " - to worry or frighten them ? " say Dumbledore , survey Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacle . " or perhaps , to confess that you yourself be worry and frighten ? you need your friend , Harry . as you so rightly say , Sirius would not have want you to shut yourself away . " Harry say nothing , but Dumbledore do not seem to require an answer . he continue , " on a different , though related , subject , it be my wish that you take private lesson with me this year . " " private - with you ? " say Harry , surprise out of his preoccupied silence . " yes . I think it be time that I take a great hand in your education . " " what will you be teach me , sir ? " " oh , a little of this , a little of that , " say Dumbledore airily . Harry wait hopefully , but Dumbledore do not elaborate , so ho ask something else that have be bother him slightly . " if I be have lesson with you , I wo n't have to do Occlumency lesson with Snape , will I ? " ' ' Professor Snape , Harry - and no , you will not . " " good , " say Harry in relief , " because they be a - " he stop , careful not to say what he really think . " I think the word ' fiasco ' would be a good one here , " say Dumbledore , nod . Harry laugh . " well , that mean I wo n't see much of Professor Snape from now on , " he say , " because he wo n't let me carry on potion unless I get ' outstanding ' in my owl . , which I know I have n't . " " do n't count your owl before they be deliver , " say Dumbledore gravely . " which , now I think of it , ought to be some time later today . now , two more thing , Harry , before we part . " firstly , I wish you to keep your Invisibility Cloak with you at all time from this moment onward . even within Hogwarts itself . just in case , you understand me ? " Harry nod . " and lastly , while you stay here , the Burrow have be give the high security the Ministry of Magic can provide . these measure have cause a certain amount of inconvenience to Arthur and Molly - all their post , for instance , be be search at the Ministry before be send on . they do not mind in the slight , for their only concern be your safety . however , it would be poor repayment if you risk your neck while stay with them . " " I understand , " say Harry quickly . " very well , then , " say Dumbledore , push open the broom shed door and step out into the yard . " I see a light in the kitchen . let us not deprive Molly any longer of the chance to deplore how thin you be . " chapter FIVE Excess of Phlegm Harry and Dumbledore approach the back door of the Burrow , which be surround by the familiar litter of old Wellington boot and rusty cauldron ; Harry could hear the soft cluck of sleepy chicken come from a distant shed . Dumbledore knock three time and Harry see sudden movement behind the kitchen window . " who be there ? " say a nervous voice he recognize as Mrs. Weasley 's . " declare yourself ! " " it be I , Dumbledore , bring Harry . " the door open at once . there stand Mrs. Weasley , short , plump , and wear an old green dressing gown . " Harry , dear ! gracious , Albus , you give me a fright , you say not to expect you before morning ! " " we be lucky , " say Dumbledore , usher Harry over the threshold . " Slughorn prove much more persuadable than I have expect . Harry be do , of course . ah , hello , Nymphadora ! " Harry look around and see that Mrs. Weasley be not alone , despite the lateness of the hour . a young witch with a pale , heart-shaped face and mousy brown hair be sit at the table clutch a large mug between her hand . " hello , Professor , " she say . " Wotcher , Harry . " " hi , Tonks . " Harry think she look draw , even ill , and there be something force in her smile . certainly her appearance be less colorful than usual without her customary shade of bubble-gum-pink hair . " I will well be off , " she say quickly , stand up and pull her cloak around her shoulder . " thanks for the tea and sympathy , Molly " " Please do n't leave on my account , " say Dumbledore courteously , " I can stay , I have urgent matter to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour . " " no , no , I need to get go , " say Tonks , not meet Dumbledore 's eye . " ' Night … " " Dear , why not come to dinner at the weekend , Remus and Mad-Eye be come … ? " " no , really , Molly … thanks anyway … good night , every-one . " tonk hurry past Dumbledore and Harry into the yard ; a few pace beyond the doorstep , she turn on the spot and vanish into thin air . Harry notice that Mrs. Weasley look troubled . " well , I shall see you at Hogwarts , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " take care of yourself . Molly , your servant . " he make Mrs. Weasley a bow and follow Tonks , vanish at precisely the same spot . Mrs. Weasley close the door on the empty yard and then steer Harry by the shoulder into the full glow of the lantern on the table to examine his appearance . " you be like Ron , " she sigh , look him up and down . " both of you look as though you have have Stretching jinx put on you . I swear Ron 's grow four inch since I last buy him school robe . be you hungry , Harry ? " " yeah , I be , " say Harry , suddenly realize just how hungry he be , " sit down , dear , I will knock something up . " as Harry sit down , a furry ginger cat with a squash face lump onto his knee and settle there , purr . " so Hermione be here ? " he ask happily as he tickle Crookshanks behind the ear . " oh yes , she arrive the day before yesterday , " say Mrs. Weasley , rap a large iron pot with her wand . it bounce onto the stove with a loud clang and begin to bubble at once . " everyone be in bed , of course , we do n't expect you for hour . here you be … " she tap the pot again ; it rise into the air , fly toward Harry , and tip over ; Mrs. Weasley slide a bowl nearly beneath it just in lime to catch the stream of thick , steam onion soup . " bread , dear ? " " thanks , Mrs. Weasley . " she wave her wand over her shoulder ; a loaf of bread and a knife soar gracefully onto the table ; as the loaf slice itself and the soup pot drop back onto the stove , Mrs. Weasley sit down opposite him . " so you persuade Horace Slughorn to take the job ? " Harry nod , his mouth so full of hot soup that he could not speak . " he teach Arthur and me , " say Mrs. Weasley . " he be at Hogwarts for age , start around the same time as Dumbledore , I think . do you like him ? " his mouth now full of bread , Harry shrug and give a noncommittal jerk of the head . " I know what you mean , " say Mrs. Weasley , nod wisely . " of course he can be charm when he want to be , but Arthur 's never like him much . the Ministry be litter with Slughorn 's old favorite , he be always good at give leg up , but he never have much time for Arthur … do n't seem to think he be enough of a highflier . well , that just show you , even Slughorn make mistake . I do n't know whether Ron 's tell you in any of his letter … it be only just happen … but Arthur have be promote ! " it could not have be clear that Mrs. Weasley have be burst to say this . Harry swallow a large amount of very hot soup and think he could feel his throat blister . " that be great ! " he gasp . " you be sweet , " beam Mrs. Weasley , possibly take his watering eye for emotion at the news . " yes , Rufus Scrimgeour have set up several new office in response to the present situation , and Arthur be head the office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and protective object . it be a big job , he have get ten people report to him now ! " " what exactly ? " " well , you see , in all the panic about You-Know-Who , odd thing have be crop up for sale everywhere , thing that be suppose to guard against You-Know-Who and the Death Eaters . you can imagine the kind of thing … so-called protective potion that be really gravy with a bit of bubotuber pus add , or instruction for defensive jinx that actually make your ear fall off … well , in the main the perpetrator be just people like Mundungus Hotelier , who have never do an honest day 's work in their life and be take advantage of how frightened everybody be , but every now and then something really nasty turn up . the other day Arthur confiscate a box of cursed Sneakoscopes that be almost certainly plant by a Death Eater . so you see , it be a very important job , and I tell him it be just silly to miss deal with spark plug and toaster and all the rest of that Muggle rubbish . " Mrs. Weasley end her speech with a stern look , as if it have be Harry suggest that it be natural to miss spark plug . " be Mr. Weasley still at work ? " Harry ask . " yes , he be . as a matter of fact , he be a tiny bit late … he say he will be back around midnight … " she turn to look at a large clock that be perch awkwardly on top of a pile of sheet in the wash basket at the end of the table . Harry recognize it at once : it have nine hand , each inscribe with the name of a family member , and usually hang on the Weasleys ' sit room wall , though its current position suggest that Mrs. Weasley have take to carry it around the house with her . every single one of its nine hand be now point at " mortal peril . " " it have be like that for a while now , " say Mrs. Weasley , in an unconvincingly casual voice , " ever since You-Know-Who come back into the open . I suppose everybody be in mortal danger now … I do n't think it can be just our family … but I do n't know anyone else who be get a clock like this , so I ca n't check . oh ! " with a sudden exclamation she point at the clock 's face . Mr. Weasley 's hand have switch to " travel . " " he be come ! " and sure enough , a moment later there be a knock on the back door . Mrs. Weasley jump up and hurry to it ; with one hand on the doorknob and her face press against the wood she call softly , " Arthur , be that you ? " " yes , " come Mr. Weasley 's weary voice . " but I would say that even if I be a Death Eater , dear . ask the question ! " " oh , honestly … " " Molly ! " " all right , all right … what be your dear ambition ? " " to find out how airplane stay up . " Mrs. Weasley nod and turn the doorknob , but apparently Mr. Weasley be hold tight to it on the other side , because the door remain firmly shut . " Molly ! I have get to ask you your question first ! " " Arthur , really , this be just silly … " " what do you like me to call you when we be alone together ? " even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell that Mrs. Weasley have turn bright red ; he himself feel suddenly warm around the ear and neck , and hastily gulp soup , clatter his spoon as loudly as he could against the bowl . " Mollywobbles , " whisper a mortify Mrs. Weasley into the crack at the edge of the door . " correct , " say Mr. Weasley . " now you can let me in . " Mrs. Weasley open the door to reveal her husband , a thin , balding , red-haired wizard wear horn-rimmed spectacle and a long and dusty travel cloak . " I still do n't see why we have to go through that every time you come home , " say Mrs. Weasley , still pink in the face as she help her husband out of his cloak . " I mean , a Death Eater might have force the answer out of you before impersonate you ! " " I know , dear , but it 's Ministry procedure , and I have to set an example . something smell good … onion soup ? " Mr. Weasley turn hopefully in the direction of the table . " Harry ! we do n't expect you until morning ! " they shake hand , and Mr. Weasley drop into the chair beside Harry as Mrs. Weasley set a bowl of soup in front of him too . " thanks , Molly . it have be a tough night . some idiot 's start selling Metamorph-Medals . just sling them around your neck and you will be able to change your appearance at will . a hundred thousand disguise , all for ten Galleons ! " " and what really happen when you put them on ? " " mostly you just turn a fairly unpleasant orange color , but a couple of people have also sprout tentacle like wart all over their body . as if St. Mungo 's do n't have enough to do already ! " " it sound like the sort of thing Fred and George would find funny , " say Mrs. Weasley hesitantly . " be you sure … ? " " of course I be ! " say Mr. Weasley . " the boy would n't do anything like that now , not when people be desperate for protection ! " " so be that why you be late , Metamorph-Medals ? " " no , we get wind of a nasty backfire jinx down in Elephant and Castle , but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad have sort it out by the time we get there … " Harry stifle a yawn behind his hand . " bed , " say an undeceive Mrs. Weasley at once . " I have get Fred and George 's room all ready for you , you will have it to yourself . " " why , where be they ? " " oh , they be in Diagon Alley , sleep in the little flat over their joke shop as they be so busy , " say Mrs. Weasley . " I must say , I do n't approve at first , but they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business ! come on , dear , your trunk already up there . " " ' Night , Mr. Weasley , " say Harry , push back his chair . Crookshanks leap lightly from his lap and slink out of the room . " G'night , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley . Harry see Mrs. Weasley glance at the clock in the wash basket as they leave the kitchen . all the hand be once again at " mortal peril . " Fred and George 's bedroom be on the second floor . Mrs. Weasley point her wand at a lamp on the bedside table and it ignite at once , bath the room in a pleasant golden glow . though a large vase of flower have be place on a desk in front of the small window , their perfume could not disguise the linger smell of what Harry think be gunpowder . a considerable amount of floor space be devote to a vast number of unmarked , sealed cardboard box , amongst which stand Harry 's school trunk . the room look as though it be be use as a temporary warehouse . Hedwig hoot happily at Harry from her perch on top of a large wardrobe , then take off through the window ; Harry know she have be wait to see him before go hunting . Harry bid Mrs. Weasley good night , put on pajamas , and get into one of the bed . there be something hard inside the pillowcase . he grope inside it and pull out a sticky purple-and-orange sweet , which he recognize as a Puking Pastille . smile to himself , he roll over and be instantly asleep . second later , or so it seem to Harry , he be awaken by what sound like cannon fire as the door burst open . sit bolt upright , he hear the rasp of the curtain be pull back : the dazzling sunlight seem to poke him hard in both eye . shield them with one hand , he grope hopelessly for his glass with the other . " Wuzzgoinon ? " " we do n't know you be here already ! " say a loud and excited voice , and he receive a sharp blow to the top of the head . " Ron , do n't hit him ! " say a girl 's voice reproachfully . Harry 's hand find his glass and he shove them on , though the light be so bright he could hardly see anyway . a long , loom shadow quiver in front of him for a moment ; he blink and Ron Weasley come into focus , grin down at him . " all right ? " " never be good , " say Harry , rub the top of his head and slump back onto his pillow . " you ? " " not bad , " say Ron , pull over a cardboard box and sit on it . " when do you get here ? Mum be only just tell us ! " " about one o'clock this morning . " " be the Muggles all right ? do they treat you okay ? " " same as usual , " say Harry , as Hermione perch herself on the edge of his bed , " they do n't talk to me much , but I like it well that way . how be you , Hermione ? " " oh , I be fine , " say Hermione , who be scrutinize Harry as though he be sickening for something . he think he know what be behind this , and as he have no wish to discuss Sirius 's death or any other miserable subject at the moment , he say , " what be the time ? have I miss breakfast ? " " do n't worry about that , Mum be bring you up a tray ; she reckon you look underfeed , " say Ron , roll his eye . " so , what have be go on ? " " nothing much , I have just be stick at my aunt and uncle 's , have n't I ? " " come off it ! " say Ron . " you have be off with Dumbledore ! " " it be n't that exciting . he just want me to help him persuade this old teacher to come out of retirement . his name 's Horace Slughorn . " " oh , " say Ron , look disappoint . " we think … " Hermione flash a warning look at Ron , and Ron change tack at top speed . " … we think it will be something like that . " " you do ? " say Harry , amuse . " yeah … yeah , now Umbridge have leave , obviously we need a new defense against the Dark Arts teacher , do n't we ? so , er , what be he like ? " " he look a bit like a walrus , and he use to be Head of Slytherin , " say Harry . " something wrong , Hermione ? " she be watch him as though expect strange symptom to manifest themselves at any moment . she rearrange her feature hastily in an unconvincing smile . " no , of course not ! so , um , do Slughorn seem like he will be a good teacher ? " " dunno , " say Harry . " he ca n't be bad than Umbridge , can he ? " " I know someone who be bad than Umbridge , " say a voice from the doorway . Ron 's young sister slouch into the room , look irritable . " hi , Harry . " " what be up with you ? " Ron ask . " it be her , " say Ginny , plonk herself down on Harry 's bed . " she be drive me mad . " " what have she do now ? " ask Hermione sympathetically . " it be the way she talk to me … you will think I be about three ! " " I know , " say Hermione , drop her voice . " she be so full of herself . " Harry be astonish to hear Hermione talk about Mrs. Weasley like this and could not blame Ron for say angrily , " can n't you two lay off her for five second ? " " oh , that be right , defend her , " snap Ginny . " we all know you ca n't get enough of her . " this seem an odd comment to make about Ron 's mother . start to feel that he be miss something , Harry say , " who be you … ? " but his question be answer before he could finish it . the bedroom door fly open again , and Harry instinctively yank the bedcover up to his chin so hard that Hermione and Ginny slide off the bed onto the floor . a young woman be stand in the doorway , a woman of such breathtaking beauty that the room seem to have become strangely airless . she be tall and willowy with long blonde hair and appear to emanate a faint , silvery glow . to complete this vision of perfection , she be carry a heavily laden breakfast tray . " ' Arry , " she say in a throaty voice . " Eet ' as be too long ! " as she sweep over the threshold toward him , Mrs. Weasley be reveal , bob along in her wake , look rather cross . " there be no need to bring up the tray , I be just about to do it myself ! " " Eet be no trouble , " say Fleur Delacour , set the tray across Harry 's knee and then swoop to kiss him on each cheek : he feel the place where her mouth have touch him burn . " I ' ave be long to see ' im . you remember my seester , Gabrielle ? she never stop talk about ' Arry Potter . she will be delight to see you again . " " oh … be she here too ? " Harry croak . " no , no , silly boy , " say Fleur with a tinkling laugh , " I mean next summer , when we … but do you not know ? " her great blue eye widen and she look reproachfully at Mrs. Weasley , who say , " we have n't get around to tell him yet . " Fleur turn back to Harry , swing her silvery sheet of hair so that it whip Mrs. Weasley across the face . " bill and I be go to be marry ! " " oh , " say Harry blankly . he could not help notice how Mrs. Weasley , Hermione , and Ginny be all determinedly avoid one another be gaze . " wow . er … congratulation ! " she swoop down upon him and kiss him again . " bill be very busy at ze moment , work very ' ard , and I only work part-time at Gringotts for my Eenglish , so he bring me ' ere for a few day to get to know ' be family properly . I be so please to ' ear you would be come … zere be n't much to do ' ere , unless you like cooking and chicken ! well … enjoy your breakfast , ' Arry ! " with these word she turn gracefully and seem to float out of the room , close the door quietly behind her . Mrs. Weasley make a noise that sound like , " tchah ! " " mum hate her , " say Ginny quietly . " I do not hate her ! " say Mrs. Weasley in a cross whisper . " I just think they have hurry into this engagement , that be all ! " " they have know each other a year , " say Ron , who look oddly groggy and be stare at the closed door . " well , that be not very long ! I know why it be happen , of course . its all this uncertainty with You-Know-Who come back , people think they might be dead tomorrow , so they be rush all sort of decision they will normally take time over . it be the same last time he be powerful , people elope left , right , and center … " " include you and Dad , " say Ginny slyly . " yes , well , your father and I be make for each other , what be the point in wait ? " say Mrs. Weasley . " whereas Bill and Fleur … well … what have they really get in common ? he be a hardwork , down-to-earth sort of person , whereas she be … " " a cow , " say Ginny , nod . " but Bill be not that down-to-earth . he be a Curse-Breaker , be n't he , he like a bit of adventure , a bit of glamour … I expect that be why he be go for Phlegm . " " stop call her that , Ginny , " say Mrs. Weasley sharply , as Harry and Hermione laugh . " well , I will well get on … Eat your egg while they be warm , Harry . " look careworn , she leave the room . Ron still seem slightly punch-drunk ; he be shake his head experimentally like a dog try to rid its ear of water . " do n't you get use to her if she be stay in the same house ? " Harry ask . " well , you do , " say Ron , " but if she jump out at you unexpectedly , like then … " " it be pathetic , " say Hermione furiously , stride away from Ron as far as she could go and turn to face him with her arm fold once she have reach the wall . " you do n't really want her around forever ? " Ginny ask Ron incredulously . when he merely shrug , she say , " well , Mum be go to put a stop to it if she can , I bet you anything . " " how be she go to manage that ? " ask Harry . " she keep try to get Tonks round for dinner . I think she be hope Bill will fall for Tonks instead . I hope he do , I will much rather have her in the family . " " yeah , that will work , " say Ron sarcastically . " listen , no bloke in his right mind be go to fancy Tonks when Fleur be around . I mean , Tonks be okay-looking when she be n't do stupid thing to her hair and her nose , but … " " she be a damn sight nice than Phlegm ? " say Ginny . " and she be more intelligent , she be an Auror ! " say Hermione from the corner . " Fleur 's not stupid , she be good enough to enter the Triwizard Tournament , " say Harry . " not you as well ! " say Hermione bitterly . " I suppose you like the way Phlegm say ' ' Arry , ' do you ? " ask Ginny scornfully . " no , " say Harry , wish he have n't speak , " I be just say , Phlegm … I mean , Fleur … " " I will much rather have Tonks in the family , " say Ginny . " at least she be a laugh . " " she have n't be much of a laugh lately , " say Ron . " every time I have see her she have look more like Moaning Myrtle . " " that be not fair , " snap Hermione . " she still have n't get over what happen … you know … I mean , he be her cousin ! " Harry 's heart sink . they have arrive at Sirius . he pick up a fork and begin shovel scrambled egg into his mouth , hope to deflect any invitation to join in this part of the conversation . " Tonks and Sirius barely know each other ! " say Ron . " Sirius be in Azkaban half her life and before that their family never meet … " " that be not the point , " say Hermione . " she think it be her fault he die ! " " how do she work that one out ? " ask Harry , in spite of himself . " well , she be fight Bellatrix Lestrange , be n't she ? I think she feel that if only she have finish her off , Bellatrix could n't have kill Sirius . " " that be stupid , " say Ron . " it be survivor 's guilt , " say Hermione . " I know Lupin be try to talk her round , but she be still really down . she be actually have trouble with her Metamorphosing ! " " with her … ? " " she ca n't change her appearance like she use to , " explain Hermione . " I think her power must have be affect by shock , or something . " " I do n't know that could happen , " say Harry . " nor do I , " say Hermione , " but I suppose if you be really depress … " the door open again and Mrs. Weasley pop her head in . " Ginny , " she whisper , " come downstairs and help me with the lunch . " " I be talk to this lot ! " say Ginny , outrage . " now ! " say Mrs. Weasley , and withdraw . " she only want me there so she do n't have to be alone with Phlegm ! " say Ginny crossly . she swing her long red hair around in a very good imitation of Fleur and prance across the room with her arm hold aloft like a ballerina . " you lot have well come down quickly too , " she say as she leave . Harry take advantage of the temporary silence to eat more breakfast . Hermione be peer into Fred and George 's box , though every now and then she cast sideways look at Harry . Ron , who be now help himself to Harry toast , be still gaze dreamily at the door . " what be this ? " Hermione ask eventually , hold up what look like a small telescope . " dunno , " say Ron , " but if Fred and George leave it here , it be probably not ready for the joke shop yet , so be careful " " your mum say the shop be go well , " say Harry . " say Fred and George have get a real flair for business . " " that be an understatement , " say Ron . " they be rake in the Galleons ! I ca n't wait to see the place , we have n't be to Diagon Alley yet , because Mum say Dad 's get to be there for extra security and he have be really busy at work , but it sound excellent . " " and what about Percy ? " ask Harry ; the third-eldest Weasley brother have fall out with the rest of the family . " be he talk to your mum and dad again ? " " Nope , " say Ron . " but he know your dad be right all along now about Voldemort be back - " " Dumbledore say people find it far easy to forgive other for be wrong than be right , " say Hermione . " I hear him tell your mum , Ron . " " sound like the sort of mental thing Dumbledore would say , " say Ron . " he be go to be give me private lesson this year , " say Harry conversationally . Ron choke on his bit of toast , and Hermione gasp . " you keep that quiet ! " say Ron . " I only just remember , " say Harry honestly . " he tell me last night in your broom shed . " " Blimey … private lesson with Dumbledore ! " say Ron , look impress . " I wonder why he be … ? " his voice tail away . Harry see him and Hermione exchange look . Harry lay down his knife and fork , his heart beating rather fast consider that all he be do be sit in bed . Dumbledore have say to do it … why not now ? he fix his eye on his fork , which be gleam in the sunlight stream into his lap , and say , " I do n't know exactly why he be go to be give me lesson , but I think it must be because of the prophecy . " neither Ron nor Hermione speak . Harry have the impression that both have freeze . he continue , still speak to his fork , " you know , the one they be try to steal at the Ministry . " " nobody know what it say , though , " say Hermione quickly . " it get smash . " " although the Prophet say … " begin Ron , but Hermione say , " Shh ! " " the Prophet 's get it right , " say Harry , look up at them both with a great effort : Hermione seem frightened and Ron amaze . " that glass ball that smash be n't the only record of the prophecy . I hear the whole thing in Dumbledore 's office , he be the one the prophecy be make to , so he could tell me . from what it say , " Harry take a deep breath , " it look like I be the one who be get to finish off Voldemort … at least , it say neither of us could live while the other survive . " the three of them gaze at one another in silence for a moment . then there be a loud bang and Hermione vanish behind a puff of black smoke . " Hermione ! " shout Harry and Ron ; the breakfast tray slide to the floor with a crash . Hermione emerge , cough , out of the smoke , clutch the telescope and sport a brilliantly purple black eye . " I squeeze it and it … it punch me ! " she gasp . and sure enough , they now see a tiny fist on a long spring protrude from the end of the telescope . " do n't worry , " say Ron , who be plainly try not to laugh , " Mum will fix that , she be good at heal minor injury … " " oh well , never mind that now ! " say Hermione hastily . " Harry , oh , Harry … " she sit down on the edge of his bed again . " we wonder , after we get back from the Ministry … obviously , we do n't want to say anything to you , but from what Lucius Malfoy say about the prophecy , how it be about you and Voldemort , well , we think it might be something like this … oh , Harry … " she stare at him , then whisper , " be you scare ? " " not as much as I be , " say Harry . " when I first hear it , I be … but now , it seem as though I always know I will have to face him in the end … " " when we hear Dumbledore be collect you in person , we think he might be tell you something or show you something to do with the prophecy , " say Ron eagerly . " and we be kind of right , be n't we ? he would n't be give you lesson if he think you be a goner , would n't waste his time - he must think you have get a chance ! " " that be true , " say Hermione . " I wonder what he will teach you , Harry ? really advanced defensive magic , probably … powerful countercurses … anti-jinxes … " Harry do not really listen . a warmth be spread through him that have nothing to do with the sunlight ; a tight obstruction in his chest seem to be dissolve . he know that Ron and Hermione be more shock than they be let on , but the mere fact that they be still there on either side of him , speak brace word of comfort , not shrink from him as though he be contaminated or dangerous , be worth more than he could ever tell them . " … and evasive enchantment generally , " conclude Hermione . " well , at least you know one lesson you will be have this year , that be one more than Ron and me . I wonder when our OWL result will come ? " " can n't be long now , it have be a month , " say Ron . " hang on , " say Harry , as another part of last night 's conversation come back to him . " I think Dumbledore say our OWL result would be arrive today ! " " today ? " shriek Hermione . " today ? but why do n't you … oh my God … you should have say … " she leap to her foot . " I be go to see whether any owl have come … " but when Harry arrive downstairs ten minute later , fully dress and carry his empty breakfast tray , it be to find Hermione sit at the kitchen table in great agitation , while Mrs. Weasley try to lessen her resemblance to half a panda . " it just wo n't budge , " Mrs. Weasley be say anxiously , stand over Hermione with her wand in her hand and a copy of the Healer 's Helpmate open at " Bruises , Cuts , and abrasion . " " this have always work before , I just ca n't understand it . " " it will be Fred and George 's idea of a funny joke , make sure it ca n't come off , " say Ginny . " but it be get to come off ! " squeak Hermione . " I ca n't go around look like this forever ! " " you wo n't , dear , we will find an antidote , do n't worry , " say Mrs. Weasley soothingly . " Bill tell me Fred and George be very amusing ! " say Fleur , smile serenely . " yes , I can hardly breathe for laugh , " snap Hermione . she jump up and start walk round and round the kitchen , twist her finger together . " Mrs. Weasley , you be quite , quite sure no owl have arrive this morning ? " " yes , dear , I will have notice , " say Mrs. Weasley patiently . " but it be barely nine , there be still plenty of time … " " I know I mess up Ancient Runes , " mutter Hermione feverishly , " I definitely make at least one serious mistranslation . and the defense against the Dark Art practical be no good at all . I think Transfiguration go all right at the time , but look back - " " Hermione , will you shut up , you be not the only one who be nervous ! " bark Ron . " and when you have get your eleven ' outstanding ' OWLs … " " do n't , do n't , do n't ! " say Hermione , flap her hand hysterically . " I know I have fail everything ! " " what happen if we fail ? " Harry ask the room at large , but it be again Hermione who answer . " we discuss our option with our Head of House , I ask Professor McGonagall at the end of last term . " Harry 's stomach squirm . he wish he have eat less breakfast . " at Beauxbatons , " say Fleur complacently , " we ' ad a different way of do thing . I think eet be good . we sit our examination after six year of study , not five , and then … " Fleur 's word be drown in a scream . Hermione be point through the kitchen window . three black speck be clearly visible in the sky , grow large all the time . " they be definitely owl , " say Ron hoarsely , jump up to join Hermione at the window . " and there be three of them , " say Harry , hasten to her other side . " one for each of us , " say Hermione in a terrify whisper . " oh no … oh no … oh no … " she grip both Harry and Ron tightly around the elbow . the owl be fly directly at the Burrow , three handsome tawny , each of which , it become clear as they fly low over the path lead up to the house , be carry a large square envelope . " oh no ! " squeal Hermione . Mrs. Weasley squeeze past them and open the kitchen window . one , two , three , the owl soar through it and land on the table in a neat line . all three of them lift their right leg . Harry move forward . the letter address to him be tie to the leg of the owl in the middle . he untie it with fumble finger . to his left , Ron be try to detach his own result ; to his right , Hermione 's hand be shake so much she be make her whole owl tremble . nobody in the kitchen speak . at last , Harry manage to detach the envelope . he slit it open quickly and unfold the parchment inside . ordinary Wizarding Level Results Pass Grades : outstanding ( O ) Exceeds Expectations ( E ) Acceptable ( A ) Fail Grades : Poor ( P ) Dreadful ( D ) Troll ( T ) Harry James Potter have achieve : astronomy : a Care of Magical Creatures : E Charms : E Defense against the Dark Art : O Divination : P Herbology : e history of Magic : D Potions : E Transfiguration : E Harry read the parchment through several time , his breathing become easy with each reading . it be all right : he have always know that he would fail divination , and he have have no chance of pass history of Magic , give that he have collapse halfway through the examination , but he have pass everything else ! he run his finger down the grade … he have pass well in Transfiguration and Herbology , he have even exceed expectation at potion ! and good of all , he have achieve " outstanding " at Defense against the dark art ! he look around . Hermione have her back to him and her head bent , but Ron be look delighted . " only fail divination and history of Magic , and who care about them ? " he say happily to Harry . " here … swap … " Harry glance down Ron 's grade : there be no " Outstandings " there … " Knew you will be top at Defense against the Dark Art , " say Ron , punch Harry on the shoulder . " we have do all right , have n't we ? " " well do ! " say Mrs. Weasley proudly , ruffle Ron 's hair . " Seven OWLs , that be more than Fred and George get together ! " " Hermione ? " say Ginny tentatively , for Hermione still have n't turn around . " how do you do ? " " I - not bad , " say Hermione in a small voice . " oh , come off it , " say Ron , stride over to her and whip her result out of her hand . " Yep … ten ' Outstandings ' and one ' Exceeds expectation ' at Defense against the Dark Arts . " he look down at her , half-amused , half-exasperated . " you be actually disappoint , be n't you ? " Hermione shake her head , but Harry laugh . " well , we be N.E.W.T. student now ! " grin Ron . " mum , be there any more sausage ? " Harry look back down at his result . they be as good as he could have hope for . he feel just one tiny twinge of regret … this be the end of his ambition to become an Auror . he have not secure the required potion grade . he have know all along that he would n't , but he still feel a sinking in his stomach as he look again at that small black E. it be odd , really , see that it have be a Death Eater in disguise who have first tell Harry he would make a good Auror , but somehow the idea have take hold of him , and he could n't really think of anything else he would like to be . moreover , it have seem the right destiny for him since he have hear the prophecy a few week ago … Neither can live while the other survive … Would n't he be live up to the prophecy , and give himself the good chance of survival , if he join those highly train wizard whose job it be to find and kill Voldemort ? chapter Six Draco 's Detour Harry remain within the confine of the Burrow 's garden over the next few week . he spend most of his day play two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys ' orchard ( he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny ; Hermione be dreadful and Ginny good , so they be reasonably well match ) and his evening eat triple helping of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front of him . it would have be a happy , peaceful holiday have it not be for the stone of disappearance , odd accident , even of death now appear almost daily in the Prophet . sometimes Bill and Mr. Weasley bring home news before it even reach the paper . to Mrs. Weasley 's displeasure , Harry 's sixteenth birthday celebration be mar by grisly tidings bring to the party by Remus Lupin , who be look gaunt and grim , his brown hair streak liberally with gray , his clothes more ragged and patch than ever . " there have be another couple of dementor attack , " he announce , as Mrs. Weasley pass him a large slice of birthday cake . " and they have find Igor Karkaroff 's body in a shack up north . the Dark Mark have be set over it … well , frankly , I be surprised he stay alive for even a year after desert the Death Eaters ; Sirius 's brother , Regulus , only manage a few day as far as I can remember . " " yes , well , " say Mrs. Weasley , frown , " perhaps we should talk about something diff … " " do you hear about Florean Fortescue , Remus ? " ask Bill , who be be ply with wine by Fleur . " the man who run … " " be the ice-cream place in Diagon Alley ? " Harry interrupt , with an unpleasant , hollow sensation in the pit of his stomach . " he use to give me free ice cream . what be happen to him ? " " drag off , by the look of his place . " " why ? " ask Ron , while Mrs. Weasley pointedly glare at Bill . " who know ? he must have upset them somehow . he be a good man , Florean . " " talk of Diagon Alley , " say Mr. Weasley , " look like Ollivander be go too . " " the wandmaker ? " say Ginny , look startle . " that be the one . shop be empty . no sign of a struggle . no one know whether he leave voluntarily or be kidnap . " " but what will people do for wand ? " " they will make do with other maker , " say Lupin . " but Ollivander be the good , and if the other side have get him it be not so good for us . " the day after this rather gloomy birthday tea , their letter and booklists arrive from Hogwarts . Harry 's include a surprise : he have be make Quidditch Captain . " that give you equal status with prefect ! " cry Hermione happily . " you can use our special bathroom now and everything ! " " wow , I remember when Charlie wear one of these , " say Ron , examine the badge with glee . " Harry , this be so cool , you be my Captain … if you let me back on the team , I suppose , ha ha … " " well , I do n't suppose we can put off a trip to Diagon Alley much longer now you have get these , " sigh Mrs. Weasley , look down Ron 's booklist . " we will go on Saturday as long as your father do n't have to go into work again . I be not go there without him . " " Mum , d'you honestly think You-Know-Who be go to be hide behind a bookshelf in Flourish and Blotts ? " snigger Ron . " Fortescue and Ollivander go on holiday , do they ? " say Mrs. Weasley , fire up at once . " if you think security be a laughing matter you can stay behind and I will get your thing myself … " " no , I wanna come , I want to see Fred and George 's shop ! " say Ron hastily . " then you just buck up your idea , young man , before I decide you be too immature to come with us ! " say Mrs. Weasley angrily , snatch up her clock , all nine hand of which be still point at " mortal peril , " and balance it on top of a pile of just-laundered towel . " and that go for return to Hogwarts as well ! " Ron turn to stare incredulously at Harry as his mother hoist the laundry basket and the teeter clock into her arm and storm out of the room . " Blimey … you ca n't even make a joke round here anymore … " but Ron be careful not to be flippant about Voldemort over the next few day . Saturday dawn without any more outburst from Mrs. Weasley , though she seem very tense at breakfast . Bill , who would be stay at home with Fleur ( much to Hermione and Ginny 's pleasure ) , pass a full money bag across the table to Harry . " where be mine ? " demand Ron at once , his eye wide . " that be already Harry 's , idiot , " say Bill . " I get it out of your vault for you , Harry , because it be take about five hour for the public to get to their gold at the moment , the goblin have tighten security so much . two day ago Arkie Philpott have a Probity Probe stick up his … well , trust me , this way 's easy . " " thanks , Bill , " say Harry , pocket his gold . " E be always so thoughtful , " purr Fleur adoringly , stroke Bill 's nose . Ginny mime vomit into her cereal behind Fleur . Harry choke over his cornflakes , and Ron thump him on the back . it be an overcast , murky day . one of the special Ministry of Magic car , in which Harry have ride once before , be await them in the front yard when they emerge from the house , pull on their cloak . " it be good Dad can get us these again , " say Ron appreciatively , stretch luxuriously as the car move smoothly away from the Burrow , Bill and Fleur wave from the kitchen window . he , Harry , Hermione , and Ginny be all sit in roomy comfort in the wide backseat . " do n't get use to it , it be only because of Harry , " say Mr. Weasley over his shoulder . he and Mrs. Weasley be in front with the Ministry driver ; the front passenger seat have obligingly stretch into what resemble a two-seater sofa . " he have be give top-grade security status . and we will be join up with additional security at the Leaky Cauldron too . " Harry say nothing ; he do not much fancy do his shopping while surround by a battalion of Aurors . he have stow his Invisibility Cloak in his backpack and feel that , if that be good enough for Dumbledore , it ought to be good enough for the Ministry , though now he come to think of it , he be not sure the Ministry know about his cloak . " here you be , then , " say the driver , a surprisingly short while later , speak for the first time as he slow in Charing Cross Road and stop outside the Leaky Cauldron . " I be to wait for you , any idea how long you will be ? " " a couple of hour , I expect , " say Mr. Weasley . " ah , good , he be here ! " Harry imitate Mr. Weasley and peer through the window ; his heart leap . there be no Aurors wait outside the inn , but instead the gigantic , black-bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid , the Hogwarts gamekeeper , wear a long beaverskin coat , beam at the sight of Harry 's face and oblivious to the startle stare of pass Muggles . " Harry ! " he boom , sweep Harry into a bone-crushing hug the moment Harry have step out of the car . " Buckbeak … Witherwings , I mean … yeh should see him , Harry , he be so happy ter be back in the open air … " " Glad he be pleased , " say Harry , grin as he massage his rib . " we do n't know ' security ' mean you ! " " I know , jus ' like old time , innit ? see , the Ministry want ter send a bunch o ' Aurors , but Dumbledore say I will do , " say Hagrid proudly , throw out his chest and tuck his thumb into his pocket . " let get goin ' then … after Yeh , Molly , Arthur … " the Leaky Cauldron be , for the first time in Harry 's memory , completely empty . only Tom the landlord , wizened and toothless , remain of the old crowd . he look up hopefully as they enter , but before he could speak , Hagrid say importantly , " Jus ' passin ' through today , Tom , sure yeh understand , Hogwarts business , yeh know . " Tom nod gloomily and return to wipe glass ; Harry , Hermione , Hagrid , and the Weasleys walk through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the dustbin stand . Hagrid raise his pink umbrella and rap a certain brick in the wall , which open at once to form an archway onto a wind cobble street . they step through the entrance and pause , look around . Diagon Alley have change . the colorful , glitter window display of spellbooks , potion ingredient , and cauldron be lose to view , hide behind the large Ministry of Magic poster that have be paste over them . most of these somber purple poster carry blown-up version of the security advice on the Ministry pamphlet that have be send out over the summer , but other bear move black-and-white photograph of death eater know to be on the loose . Bellatrix Lestrange be sneer from the front of the near apothecary . a few window be board up , include those of Florean Fortescue 's Ice Cream Parlor . on the other hand , a number of shabby-looking stall have spring up along the street . the near one , which have be erect outside Flourish and Blotts , under a striped , stain awning , have a cardboard sign pin to its front : amulet effective against Werewolves , Dementors , and Inferi ! a seedy-looking little wizard be rattle armful of silver symbol on chain at passerby . " one for your little girl , madam ? " he call at Mrs. Weasley as they pass , leer at Ginny . " protect her pretty neck ? " " if I be on duty … " say Mr. Weasley , glare angrily at the amulet seller . " yes , but do n't go arresting anyone now , dear , we be in a hurry , " say Mrs. Weasley , nervously consult a list . " I think we will well do Madam Malkin 's first , Hermione want new dress robe , and Ron be show much too much ankle in his school robe , and you must need new one too , Harry , you have grow so much … come on , everyone … " " Molly , it do n't make sense for all of us to go to Madam Malkin 's , " say Mr. Weasley . " why do n't those three go with Hagrid , and we can go to Flourish and Blotts and get everyone 's school-book ? " " I do n't know , " say Mrs. Weasley anxiously , clearly tear between a desire to finish the shopping quickly and the wish to stick together in a pack . " Hagrid , do you think - ? " " do n't fret , they will be fine with me , Molly , " say Hagrid soothingly , wave an airy hand the size of a dustbin lid . Mrs. Weasley do not look entirely convinced , but allow the separation , scurry off toward Flourish and Blotts with her husband and Ginny while Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkin 's . Harry notice that many of the people who pass them have the same harry , anxious look as Mrs. Weasley , and that nobody be stop to talk anymore ; the shopper stay together in their own tightly knit group , move intently about their business . nobody seem to be shop alone . " Migh ' be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us , " say Hagrid , stop outside Madam Malkin 's and bend down to peer through the window . " I will stand guard outside , all right ? " so Harry , Ron , and Hermione enter the little shop together . it appear , at first glance , to be empty , but no sooner have the door swing shut behind them than they hear a familiar voice issue from behind a rack of dress robe in spangle green and blue . " … not a child , in case you have n't notice , Mother . I be perfectly capable of do my shopping alone . " there be a cluck noise and a voice Harry recognize as that of Madam Malkin , the owner , say , " now , dear , your mother be quite right , none of us be suppose to go wander around on our own anymore , it be nothing to do with be a child … " " Watch where you be stick that pin , will you ! " a teenage boy with a pale , point face and white-blond hair appear from behind the rack , wear a handsome set of dark green robe that glitter with pin around the hem and the edge of the sleeve . he stride to the mirror and examine himself ; it be a few moment before he notice Harry , Ron , and Hermione reflect over his shoulder . his light gray eye narrow . " if you be wonder what the smell be , Mother , a Mudblood just walk in , " say Draco Malfoy . " I do n't think there be any need for language like that ! " say Madam Malkin , scurry out from behind the clothes rack hold a tape measure and a wand . " and I do n't want wand draw in my shop either ! " she add hastily , for a glance toward the door have show her Harry and Ron both stand there with their wand out and point at Malfoy . Hermione , who be stand slightly behind them , whisper , " no , do n't , honestly , it be not worth it . " " yeah , like you will dare do magic out of school , " sneer Malfoy . " who black your eye , Granger ? I want to send them flower . " " that be quite enough ! " say Madam Malkin sharply , look over her shoulder for support . " madam , please ! " Narcissa Malfoy stroll out from behind the clothes rack . " put those away , " she say coldly to Harry and Ron . " if you attack my son again , I shall ensure that it be the last thing you ever do . " " really ? " say Harry , take a step forward and gaze into the smoothly arrogant face that , for all its pallor , still resemble her sister 's . he be as tall as she be now . " go to get a few Death Eater pal to do us in , be you ? " madam Malkin squeal and clutch at her heart . " really , you should n't accuse … dangerous thing to say … wand away , please ! " but Harry do not lower his wand . Narcissa Malfoy smile unpleasantly . " I see that being Dumbledore 's favorite have give you a false sense of security , Harry Potter . but Dumbledore wo n't always be there to protect you . " Harry look mockingly all around the shop . " wow … look at that … he be not here now ! so why not have a go ? they might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband ! " Malfoy make an angry movement toward Harry , but stumble over his overlong robe . Ron laugh loudly . " do n't you dare talk to my mother like that , Potter ! " Malfoy snarl . " it be all right , Draco , " say Narcissa , restrain him with her thin white finger upon his shoulder . " I expect Potter will be reunite with dear Sirius before I be reunite with Lucius . " Harry raise his wand higher . " Harry , no ! " moan Hermione , grab his arm and attempt to push it down by his side . " think … you must n't … you will be in such trouble … " Madam Malkin dither for a moment on the spot , then seem to decide to act as though nothing be happen in the hope that it would n't . she bend toward Malfoy , who be still glaring at Harry . " I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more , dear , let me just … " " Ouch ! " bellow Malfoy , slap her hand away . " watch where you be put your pin , woman ! mother , I do n't think I want these anymore . " he pull the robe over his head and throw them onto the floor at Madam Malkin 's foot . " you be right , Draco , " say Narcissa , with a contemptuous glance at Hermione , " now I know the kind of scum that shop here … we will do good at Twilfitt and Tatting 's . " and with that , the pair of them stride out of the shop , Malfoy take care to bang as hard as he could into Ron on the way out . " well , really ? " say Madam Malkin , snatch up the fall robe and move the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner , so that it remove all the dust . she be distract all through the fitting of Ron 's and Harry 's new robe , try to sell Hermione wizard 's dress robe instead of witch 's , and when she finally bow them out of the shop it be with an air of be glad to see the back of them . " get ev'rything ? " ask Hagrid brightly when they reappear at his side . " just about , " say Harry . " do you see the Malfoys ? " " yeah , " say Hagrid , unconcerned . " Bu they wouldn ' dare make trouble in the middle o ' Diagon Alley , Harry . Don ' worry about them . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione exchange look , but before they could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable notion , Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appear , all clutch heavy package of book . " everyone all right ? " say Mrs. Weasley . " get your robe ? right then , we can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and George 's … stick close , now … " Neither Harry nor Ron buy any ingredient at the Apothecary , see that they be no longer study potion , but both buy large box of owl nut for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium . then , with Mrs. Weasley checking her watch every minute or so , they head farther along the street in search of Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes , the joke shop run by Fred and George . " we really have n't get too long , " Mrs. Weasley say . " so we will just have a quick look around and then back to the car . we must be close , that be number ninety-two … ninety-four … " " Whoa , " say Ron , stop in his track . set against the dull , poster-muffled shop front around them , Fred and Georges window hit the eye like a firework display . casual passerby be look back over their shoulder at the window , and a few rather stunned-looking people have actually come to a halt , transfix . the left-hand window be dazzlingly full of an assortment of good that revolve , pop , flash , bounce , and shriek ; Harry eye begin to water just look at it . the right-hand window be cover with a gigantic poster , purple like those of the Ministry , but emblazon with flash yellow letter : why be you worry ABOUT YOU-KNOW-WHO ? you SHOULD Be WORRYING ABOUT U-NO-POO - the CONSTIPATION SENSATION THAT 's GRIPPING THE Nation ! Harry start to laugh . he hear a weak sort of moan beside him and look around to see Mrs. Weasley gaze , dumbfounded , at the poster . her lip move silently , mouth the name " UNo-Poo . " " they will be murder in their bed ! " she whisper . " no they wo n't ! " say Ron , who , like Harry , be laugh . " this be brilliant ! " and he and Harry lead the way into the shop . it be pack with customer ; Harry could not get near the shelf . he stare around , look up at the box pile to the ceiling : here be the Skiving Snackboxes that the twin have perfect during their last , unfinished year at Hogwarts ; Harry notice that the Nosebleed Nougat be most popular , with only one battered box leave on the shelf . there be bin full of trick wand , the cheap merely turn into rubber chicken or pair of brief when wave , the most expensive beating the unwary user around the head and neck , and box of quill , which come in Self-Inking , Spell-Checking , and Smart-Answer variety . a space clear in the crowd , and Harry push his way toward the counter , where a gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds be watch a tiny little wooden man slowly ascend the step to a real set of gallows , both perch on a box that read : reusable hangman - spell it or he will swing ! " ' Patented Daydream Charms … ' " Hermione have manage to squeeze through to a large display near the counter and be read the information on the back of a box bear a highly color picture of a handsome youth and a swoon girl who be stand on the deck of a pirate ship . " ' one simple incantation and you will enter a top-quality , highly realistic , thirty-minute daydream , easy to fit into the average school lesson and virtually undetectable ( side effect include vacant expression and minor drool ) . not for sale to under-sixteens . ' " you know , " say Hermione , look up at Harry , " that really be extraordinary magic ! " " for that , Hermione , " say a voice behind them , " you can have one for free . " a beaming Fred stand before them , wear a set of magenta robe that clash magnificently with his flaming hair . " how be you , Harry ? " they shake hand . " and what be happen to your eye , Hermione ? " " your punching telescope , " she say ruefully . " oh blimey , I forget about those , " say Fred . " here - " he pull a tub out of his pocket and hand it to her ; she unscrew it gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste . " just dab it on , that bruise will be go within the hour , " say Fred . " we have to find a decent bruise remover . we be test most of our product on ourselves . " Hermione look nervous . " it be safe , be n't it ? " she ask . " course it be , " say Fred bracingly . " come on , Harry , I will give you a tour . " Harry leave Hermione dab her black eye with paste and follow Fred toward the back of the shop , where he see a stand of card and rope trick . " Muggle magic trick ! " say Fred happily , point them out . " for freak like Dad , you know , who love Muggle stuff . it be not a big earner , but we do fairly steady business , they be great novelty … oh , here be George … " Fred 's twin shake Harry hand energetically . " give him the tour ? come through the back , Harry , that be where we be make the real money … pocket anything , you , and you will pay in more than Galleons ! " he add warningly to a small boy who hastily whip his hand out of the tub label EDIBLE Dark Marks - THEY 'LL Make ANYONE Sick ! George push back a curtain beside the Muggle trick and Harry see a dark , less crowded room . the packaging on the product line these shelf be more subdue . " we have just develop this more serious line , " say Fred . " funny how it happen … " " you would n't believe how many people , even people who work at the Ministry , ca n't do a decent Shield Charm , " say George . " ' Course , they do n't have you teach them , Harry . " " that be right … well , we think Shield Hats be a bit of a laugh , you know , challenge your mate to jinx you while wear it and watch his face when the jinx just bounce off . but the Ministry buy five hundred for all its support staff ! and we be still get massive order ! " " so we have expand into a range of Shield Cloaks , Shield Gloves … " " … I mean , they would n't help much against the unforgivable curse , but for minor to moderate hex or jinx … " " and then we think we will get into the whole area of Defense against the Dark Arts , because it be such a money spinner , " continue George enthusiastically . " this be cool . look , Instant Darkness Powder , we be import it from Peru . handy if you want to make a quick escape . " " and our Decoy Detonators be just walk off the shelf , look , " say Fred , point at a number of weird-looking black horn-type object that be indeed attempt to scurry out of sight . " you just drop one surreptitiously and it will run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight , give you a diversion if you need one . " handy , " say Harry , impress . " here , " say George , catch a couple and throw them to Harry . a young witch with short blonde hair poke her head around the curtain ; Harry see that she too be wear magenta staff robe . " there be a customer out here look for a joke cauldron , Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley , " she say . Harry find it very odd to hear Fred and George call " Mr. Weasley , " but they take it in their stride . " right you be , Verity , I be come , " say George promptly . " Harry , you help yourself to anything you want , all right ? no charge . " " I ca n't do that ! " say Harry , who have already pull out his money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonators . " you do n't pay here , " say Fred firmly , wave away Harry 's gold . " but … " " you give us our start-up loan , we have n't forget , " say George sternly " take whatever you like , and just remember to tell people where you get it , if they ask . " George sweep off through the curtain to help with the customer , and Fred lead Harry back into the main part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still pore over the Patented Daydream Charms . " have n't you girl find our special WonderWitch product yet ? " ask Fred . " follow me , lady … " Near the window be an array of violently pink product around which a cluster of excited girl be giggle enthusiastically . Hermione and Ginny both hang back , look wary . " there you go , " say Fred proudly . " good range of love potion you will find anywhere . " Ginny raise an eyebrow skeptically . " do they work ? " she ask . " certainly they work , for up to twenty-four hour at a time depend on the weight of the boy in question … " " … and the attractiveness of the girl , " say George , reappear suddenly at their side . " but we be not sell them to our sister , " he add , become suddenly stern , " not when she be already get about five boy on the go from what we have … " " whatever you have hear from Ron be a big fat lie , " say Ginny calmly , lean forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf . " what be this ? " " guarantee ten-second pimple vanisher , " say Fred . " excellent on everything from boil to blackhead , but do n't change the subject . be you or be you not currently go out with a boy call Dean Thomas ? " " yes , I be , " say Ginny . " and last time I look , he be definitely one boy , not five . what be those ? " she be point at a number of round ball of fluff in shade of pink and purple , all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emit high-pitched squeak . " pygmy puff , " say George . " miniature puffskeins , we ca n't breed them fast enough . so what about Michael Corner ? " " I dump him , he be a bad loser , " say Ginny , put a finger through the bar of the cage and watch the Pygmy puff crowd around it . " they be really cute ! " " they be fairly cuddly , yes , " concede Fred . " but you be move through boyfriend a bit fast , be n't you ? " Ginny turn to look at him , her hand on her hip . there be such a Mrs. Weasley-ish glare on her face that Harry be surprise Fred do n't recoil . " it be none of your business . and I will thank you ' ' she add angrily to Ron , who have just appear at George 's elbow , lade with merchandise , " not to tell tale about me to these two ! " " that be three Galleons , nine Sickles , and a Knut , " say Fred , examine the many box in Ron 's arm . " cough up . " " I be your brother ! " " and that be our stuff you be nick . Three Galleons , nine Sickles . I will knock off the Knut . " " but I have n't get three Galleons , nine Sickles ! " " you will well put it back then , and mind you put it on the right shelf . " Ron drop several box , swear , and make a rude hand gesture at Fred that be unfortunately spot by Mrs. Weasley , who have choose that moment to appear . " if I see you do that again I will jinx your finger together , " she say sharply . " mum , can I have a Pygmy Puff ? " say Ginny at once . " a what ? " say Mrs. Weasley warily . " look , they be so sweet … " Mrs. Weasley move aside to look at the Pygmy puff , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione momentarily have an unimpeded view out of the window . Draco Malfoy be hurry up the street alone . as he pass Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes , he glance over his shoulder . second later , he move beyond the scope of the window and they lose sight of him . " wonder where his mummy be ? " say Harry , frown . " give her the slip by the look of it , " say Ron . " why , though ? " say Hermione . Harry say nothing ; he be think too hard . Narcissa Malfoy would not have let her precious son out of her sight willingly ; Malfoy must have make a real effort to free himself from her clutch . Harry , know and loathe Malfoy , be sure the reason could not be innocent . he glance around . Mrs. Weasley and Ginny be bend over the Pygmy puff . Mr. Weasley be delightedly examine a pack of Muggle mark play card . Fred and George be both help customer . on the other side of the glass , Hagrid be stand with his back to them , look up and down the street . " get under here , quick , " say Harry , pull his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag . " oh - I do n't know , Harry , " say Hermione , look uncertainly toward Mrs. Weasley . " come on , " say Ron . she hesitate for a second longer , then duck under the cloak with Harry and Ron . nobody notice them vanish ; they be all too interested in Fred and George 's product . Harry , Ron , and Hermione squeeze their way out of the door as quickly as they could , but by the time they gain the street , Malfoy have disappear just as successfully as they have . " he be go in that direction , " murmur Harry as quietly as possible , so that the hum Hagrid would not hear them . " C'mon . " they scurry along , peer left and right , through shop window and door , until Hermione point ahead . " that be him , be n't it ? " she whisper . " turn leave ? " " big surprise , " whisper Ron . for Malfoy have glance around , then slide into Knockturn Alley and out of sight . " quick , or we will lose him , " say Harry , speed up . " our foot will be see ! " say Hermione anxiously , as the cloak flap a little around their ankle ; it be much more difficult hiding all three of them under the cloak nowadays . " it do n't matter , " say Harry impatiently . " just hurry ! " but Knockturn Alley , the side street devote to the Dark Arts , look completely desert . they peer into window as they pass , but none of the shop seem to have any customer at all . Harry suppose it be a bit of a giveaway in these dangerous and suspicious time to buy dark artifact - or at least , to be see buy them . Hermione give his arm a hard pinch . " ouch ! " " Shh ! look ! he be in there ! " she breathe in Harry 's ear . they have draw level with the only shop in Knockturn Alley that Harry have ever visit , Borgin and Burkes , which sell a wide variety of sinister object . there in the midst of the case full of skull and old bottle stand Draco Malfoy with his back to them , just visible beyond the very same large black cabinet in which Harry have once hide to avoid Malfoy and his father . judge by the movement of Malfoy 's hand , he be talk animatedly . the proprietor of the shop , Mr. Borgin , an oily-haired , stoop man , stand face Malfoy . he be wear a curious expression of mingle resentment and fear . " if only we could hear what they be say ! " say Hermione . " we can ! " say Ron excitedly . " hang on , damn . " he drop a couple more of the box he be still clutch as he fumble with the large . " extendable ear , look ! " " fantastic ! " say Hermione , as Ron unravel the long , flesh-colored string and begin to feed them toward the bottom of the door . " oh , I hope the door be n't imperturbable … " " no ! " say Ron gleefully . " listen ! " they put their head together and listen intently to the end of the string , through which Malfoy 's voice could be hear loud and clear , as though a radio have be turn on . " … you know how to fix it ? " " possibly , " say Borgin , in a tone that suggest he be unwilling to commit himself . " I will need to see it , though . why do n't you bring it into the shop ? " " I ca n't , " say Malfoy . " it be get to stay put . I just need you to tell me how to do it . " Harry see Borgin lick his lip nervously . " well , without see it , I must say it will be a very difficult job , perhaps impossible . I could n't guarantee anything . " " no ? " say Malfoy , and Harry know , just by his tone , that Malfoy be sneer . " perhaps this will make you more confident . " he move toward Borgin and be block from view by the cabinet . Harry , Ron , and Hermione shuffle sideways to try and keep him in sight , but all they could see be Borgin , look very frightened . " tell anyone , " say Maifoy , " and there will be retribution . you know Fenrir Greyback ? he be a family friend . he will be drop in from time to time to make sure you be give the problem your full attention . " " there will be no need for … " " I will decide that , " say Malfoy . " well , I will well be off . and do n't forget to keep that one safe , I will need it . " " perhaps you will like to take it now ? " " no , of course I would n't , you stupid , little man , how would I look carry that down the street ? just do n't sell it . " " of course not … sir . " Borgin make a bow as deep as the one Harry have once see him give Lucius Malfoy . " not a word to anyone , Borgin , and that include my mother , understand ? " " naturally , naturally , " murmur Borgin , bow again . next moment , the bell over the door tinkle loudly as Malfoy stalk out of the shop look very pleased with himself . he pass so close to Harry , Ron , and Hermione that they feel the cloak flutter around their knee again . inside the shop , Borgin remain freeze ; his unctuous smile have vanish ; he look worried . " what be that about ? " whisper Ron , reel in the extendable Ears . " dunno , " say Harry , think hard . " he want something mend … and he want to reserve something in there … could you see what he point at when he say ' that one ' ? " " no , he be behind that cabinet … " " you two stay here , " whisper Hermione . " what be you … ? " but Hermione have already duck out from under the cloak . she check her hair in the reflection in the glass , then march into the shop , set the bell tinkle again . Ron hastily feed the extendable Ears back under the door and pass one of the string to Harry . " hello , horrible morning , be n't it ? " Hermione say brightly to Borgin , who do not answer , but cast her a suspicious look . hum cheerily , Hermione stroll through the jumble of object on display . " be this necklace for sale ? " she ask , pause beside a glass-fronted case . " if you have get one and a half thousand Galleons , " say Mr. Borgin coldly . " oh … er … no , I have n't get quite that much , " say Hermione , walk on . " and … what about this lovely … um … skull ? " " sixteen Galleons . " " so it be for sale , then ? it be n't be … keep for anyone ? " Mr. Borgin squint at her . Harry have the nasty feeling he know exactly what Hermione be up to . apparently Hermione feel she have be rumble too because she suddenly throw caution to the wind . " the thing be , that … er … boy who be in here just now , Draco Malfoy , well , he be a friend of mine , and I want to get him a birthday present , but if he be already reserve anything , I obviously do n't want to get him the same thing , so … um … " it be a pretty lame story in Harry 's opinion , and apparently Borgin think so too . " out , " he say sharply . " get out ! " Hermione do not wait to be ask twice , but hurry to the door with Borgin at her heel . as the bell tinkle again , Borgin slam the door behind her and put up the closed sign . " ah well , " say Ron , throw the cloak back over Hermione . " Worth a try , but you be a bit obvious … " " well , next time you can show me how it be do , Master of Mystery ! " she snap . Ron and Hermione bicker all the way back to Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes , where they be force to stop so that they could dodge undetected around a very anxious-looking Mrs. Weasley and Hagrid , who have clearly notice their absence . once in the shop , Harry whip off the Invisibility Cloak , hide it in his bag , and join in with the other two when they insist , in answer to Mrs. Weasleys accusation , that they have be in the back room all along , and that she could not have look properly . chapter Seven The Slug Club Harry spend a lot of the last week of the holiday ponder the meaning of Malfoy 's behavior in Knockturn Alley . what disturb him most be the satisfied look on Malfoy 's face as he have leave the shop . nothing that make Malfoy look that happy could be good news . to his slight annoyance , however , neither Ron nor Hermione seem quite as curious about Malfoy 's activity as he be ; or at least , they seem to get bored of discuss it after a few day . " yes , I have already agree it be fishy , Harry , " say Hermione a little impatiently . she be sit on the windowsill in Fred and George 's room with her foot up on one of the cardboard box and have only grudgingly look up from her new copy of Advanced Rune translation . " but have n't we agree there could be a lot of explanation ? " " maybe he have break his Hand of Glory " say Ron vaguely , as he attempt to straighten his broomstick 's bent tail twig . " remember that shriveled-up arm Malfoy have ? " " but what about when he say , ' do n't forget to keep that one safe ' ? " ask Harry for the umpteenth time . " that sound to me like Borgin 's get another one of the break object , and Malfoy want both . " " you reckon ? " say Ron , now try to scrape some dirt off his broom handle . " yeah , I do , " say Harry . when neither Ron nor Hermione answer , he say , " Malfoy 's father be in Azkaban . do n't you think Malfoy will like revenge ? " Ron look up , blink . " Malfoy , revenge ? what can he do about it ? " " that be my point , I do n't know ! " say Harry , frustrate . " but he be up to something and I think we should take it seriously . his father be a death eater and … " Harry break off , his eye fix on the window behind Hermione , his mouth open . a startling thought have just occur to him . " Harry ? " say Hermione in an anxious voice . " what be wrong ? " " your scar be not hurt again , be it ? " ask Ron nervously . " he be a Death Eater , " say Harry slowly . " he have replace his father as a Death Eater ! " there be a silence ; then Ron erupt in laughter . " Malfoy ? he be sixteen , Harry ! you think You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join ? " " it seem very unlikely , Harry , " say Hermione in a repressive sort of voice . " what make you think - ? " " in Madam Malkin 's . she do n't touch him , but he yell and jerk his arm away from her when she go to roll up his sleeve . it be his left arm . he have be brand with the Dark Mark . " Ron and Hermione look at each other . " well … " say Ron , sound thoroughly unconvinced . " I think he just want to get out of there , Harry , " say Hermione . " he show Borgin something we could n't see , " Harry press on stubbornly . " something that seriously scare Borgin . it be the Mark , I know it … he be show Borgin who he be deal with , you see how seriously Borgin take him ! " Ron and Hermione exchange another look . " I be not sure , Harry … " " Yeah , I still do n't reckon You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join … " Annoyed , but absolutely convince he be right , Harry snatch up a pile of filthy Quidditch robe and leave the room ; Mrs. Weasley have be urge them for day not to leave their washing and packing until the last moment . on the landing he bump into Ginny , who be return to her room carry a pile of freshly launder clothes . " I would n't go in the kitchen just now , " she warn him . " there be a lot of Phlegm around . " " I will be careful not to slip in it . " Harry smile . sure enough , when he enter the kitchen it be to find Fleur sit at the kitchen table , in full flow about plan for her wedding to Bill , while Mrs. Weasley keep watch over a pile of selfpeeling sprout , look bad-temper . " … Bill and I ' ave almost decide on only two bridesmaid , Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet togezzer . I be theenking of dress zem in pale gold , pink would of course be ' orrible with Ginny 's ' air ! " " ah , Harry ! " say Mrs. Weasley loudly , cut across Fleur 's monologue . " good , I want to explain about the security arrangement for the journey to Hogwarts tomorrow . we have get Ministry car again , and there will be Aurors wait at the station . " " be Tonks go to be there ? " ask Harry , hand over his Quidditch thing . " no , I do n't think so , she have be station somewhere else from what Arthur say . " " she have let ' erself go , zat Tonks , " Fleur muse , examine her own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon . " a big mistake if you ask . " " yes , thank you , " say Mrs. Weasley tartly , cut across Fleur again . " you will well get on , Harry , I want the trunks ready tonight , if possible , so we do n't have the usual last-minute scramble . " and in fact , their departure the follow morning be smooth than usual . the Ministry car glide up to the front of the Burrow to find them wait , trunk pack ; Hermione 's cat , Crookshanks , safely enclose in his travel basket ; and Hedwig ; Ron 's owl , Pigwidgeon ; and Ginny 's new purple Pygmy Puff , Arnold , in cage . " Aurevoir , ' Arry , " say Fleur throatily , kiss him good-bye . Ron hurry forward , look hopeful , but Ginny stick out her foot and Ron fall , sprawl in the dust at Fleur 's foot . furious , red-faced , and dirt-spattered , he hurry into the car without say good-bye . there be no cheerful Hagrid wait for them at King 's Cross Station . instead , two grim-faced , bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suit move forward the moment the car stop and , flank the party , march them into the station without speak . " quick , quick , through the barrier , " say Mrs. Weasley , who seem a little fluster by this austere efficiency . " Harry have well go first , with … " she look inquiringly at one of the Aurors , who nod briefly , seize Harry 's upper arm , and attempt to steer him toward the barrier between platform nine and ten . " I can walk , thanks , " say Harry irritably , jerk his arm out of the Auror 's grip . he push his trolley directly at the solid barrier , ignore his silent companion , and find himself , a second later , stand on platform nine and three-quarter , where the scarlet Hogwarts Express stand belch steam over the crowd . Hermione and the Weasleys join him within second . without wait to consult his grimfaced Auror , Harry motion to Ron and Hermione to follow him up the platform , look for an empty compartment . " we ca n't , Harry , " say Hermione , look apologetic . " Ron and I have get to go to the prefect ' carriage first and then patrol the corridor for a bit . " " oh yeah , I forget , " say Harry . " you will well get straight on the train , all of you , you have only get a few minute to go , " say Mrs. Weasley , consult her watch . " well , have a lovely term , Ron … " " Mr. Weasley , can I have a quick word ? " say Harry , make up his mind on the spur of the moment . " of course , " say Mr. Weasley , who look slightly surprise , but follow Harry out of earshot of the other nevertheless . Harry have think it through carefully and come to the conclusion that , if he be to tell anyone , Mr. Weasley be the right person ; firstly , because he work at the Ministry and be therefore in the good position to make further investigation , and secondly , because he think that there be not too much risk of Mr. Weasley explode with anger . he could see Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror cast the pair of them suspicious look as they move away . " when we be in Diagon Alley , " Harry begin , but Mr. Weasley forestall him with a grimace . " be I about to discover where you , Ron , and Hermione disappear to while you be suppose to be in the back room of Fred and George 's shop ? " " how do you … ? " " Harry , please . you be talk to the man who raise Fred and George . " " er … yeah , all right , we be n't in the back room . " " very well , then , let be hear the bad . " " well , we follow Draco Malfoy . we use my Invisibility Cloak . " " do you have any particular reason for do so , or be it a mere whim ? " " because I think Malfoy be up to something , " say Harry , disregard Mr. Weasley 's look of mingle exasperation and amusement . " he have give his mother the slip and I want to know why . " " of course you do , " say Mr. Weasley , sounding resign . " well ? do you find out why ? " " he go into Borgin and Burkes , " say Harry , " and start bully the bloke in there , Borgin , to help him fix something . and he say he want Borgin to keep something else for him . he make it sound like it be the same kind of thing that need fix . like they be a pair . and … " Harry take a deep breath . " there be something else . we see Malfoy jump about a mile when Madam Malkin try to touch his left arm . I think he have be brand with the Dark Mark . I think he have replace his father as a Death Eater . " Mr. Weasley look take aback . after a moment he say , " Harry , I doubt whether You-KnowWho would allow a sixteen-year-old … " " do anyone really know what You-Know-Who would or would n't do ? " ask Harry angrily . " Mr. Weasley , I be sorry , but be n't it worth investigate ? if Malfoy want something fix , and he need to threaten Borgin to get it do , it be probably something dark or dangerous , be n't it ? " " I doubt it , to be honest , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley slowly . " you see , when Lucius Malfoy be arrest , we raid his house . we take away everything that might have be dangerous . " " I think you miss something , " say Harry stubbornly . " well , maybe , " say Mr. Weasley , but Harry could tell that Mr. Weasley be humor him . there be a whistle behind them ; nearly everyone have board the train and the door be close . " you will well hurry ! " say Mr. Weasley , as Mrs. Weasley cry , " Harry , quickly ! " he hurry forward and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley help him load his trunk onto the train . " now , dear , you be come to us for Christmas , it be all fix with Dumbledore , so we will see you quite soon , " say Mrs. Weasley through the window , as Harry slam the door shut behind him and the train begin to move . " you make sure you look after yourself and … " the train be gather speed . " … be good and … " she be jog to keep up now . " … stay safe ! " Harry wave until the train have turn a corner and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley be lose to view , then turn to see where the other have get to . he suppose Ron and Hermione be cloister in the prefect ' carriage , but Ginny be a little way along the corridor , chat to some friend . he make his way toward her , drag his trunk . people stare shamelessly as he approach . they even press their face against the window of their compartment to get a look at him . he have expect an upswing in the amount of gape and gawp he would have to endure this term after all the " Chosen one " rumor in the Daily Prophet , but he do not enjoy the sensation of stand in a very bright spotlight . he tap Ginny on the shoulder . " fancy try to find a compartment ? " " I ca n't , Harry , I say I will meet Dean , " say Ginny brightly . " see you later . " " right , " say Harry . he feel a strange twinge of annoyance as she walk away , her long red hair dance behind her ; he have become so use to her presence over the summer that he have almost forget that Ginny do not hang around with him , Ron , and Hermione while at school . then he blink and look around : he be surround by mesmerize girl . " hi , Harry ! " say a familiar voice from behind him . " Neville ! " say Harry in relief , turn to see a round-faced boy struggle toward him . " hello , Harry , " say a girl with long hair and large misty eye , who be just behind Neville . " Luna , hi , how be you ? " " very well , thank you , " say Luna . she be clutch a magazine to her chest ; large letter on the front announce that there be a pair of free Spectrespecs inside . " quibbler still go strong , then ? " ask Harry , who feel a certain fondness for the magazine , have give it an exclusive interview the previous year . " oh yes , circulation be well up , " say Luna happily . " let be find seat , " say Harry , and the three of them set off along the train through horde of silently stare student . at last they find an empty compartment , and Harry hurry inside gratefully . " they be even stare at us ? " say Neville , indicate himself and Luna . " because we be with you ! " " they be stare at you because you be at the Ministry too , " say Harry , as he hoist his trunk into the luggage rack . " our little adventure there be all over the Daily Prophet , you must have see it . " " yes , I think Gran would be angry about all the publicity , " say Neville , " but she be really please . say I be start to live up to my dad at long last . she buy me a new wand , look ! " he pull it out and show it to Harry . " cherry and unicorn hair , " he say proudly . " we think it be one of the last Ollivander ever sell , he vanish next day … oy , come back here , Trevor ! " and he dive under the seat to retrieve his toad as it make one of its frequent bid for freedom . " be we still do D.A. meeting this year , Harry ? " ask Luna , who be detach a pair of psychedelic spectacle from the middle of the Quibbler . " no point now we have get rid of Umbridge , be there ? " say Harry , sit down . Neville bump his head against the seat as he emerge from under it . he look most disappointed . " I like the D.A. ! I learn load with you ! " " I enjoy the meeting too , " say Luna serenely . " it be like have friend . " this be one of those uncomfortable thing Luna often say and which make Harry feel a squirm mixture of pity and embarrassment . before he could respond , however , there be a disturbance outside their compartment door ; a group of fourth-year girl be whisper and giggle together on the other side of the glass . " you ask him ! " " no , you ! " " I will do it ! " and one of them , a bold-looking girl with large dark eye , a prominent chin , and long black hair push her way through the door . " hi , Harry , I be Romilda , Romilda Vane , " she say loudly and confidently . " why do n't you join us in our compartment ? you do n't have to sit with them , " she add in a stage whisper , indicate Neville 's bottom , which be stick out from under the seat again as he grope around for Trevor , and Luna , who be now wear her free Spectrespecs , which give her the look of a demented , multicolored owl . " they be friend of mine , " say Harry coldly . " oh , " say the girl , look very surprised . " oh . okay . " and she withdraw , slide the door close behind her . " people expect you to have cool friend than us , " say Luna , once again display her knack for embarrassing honesty . " you be cool , " say Harry shortly . " none of them be at the Ministry . they do n't fight with me . " " that be a very nice thing to say , " beam Luna . then she push her Spectrespecs farther up her nose and settle down to read the Quibbler . " we do n't face him , though , " say Neville , emerge from under the seat with fluff and dust in his hair and a resigned-looking Trevor in his hand . " you do . you should hear my gran talk about you . ' that Harry Potter 's get more backbone than the whole Ministry of Magic put together ! ' she will give anything to have you as a grandson … " Harry laugh uncomfortably and change the subject to OWL . result as soon as he could . while Neville recite his grade and wonder aloud whether he would be allow to take a Transfiguration Newt , with only an " acceptable , " Harry watch him without really listen . Neville 's childhood have be blight by Voldemort just as much as Harry 's have , but Neville have no idea how close he have come to have Harry 's destiny . the prophecy could have refer to either of them , yet , for his own inscrutable reason , Voldemort have choose to believe that Harry be the one mean . have Voldemort choose Neville , it would be Neville sit opposite Harry bear the lightningshaped scar and the weight of the prophecy … or would it ? would Neville 's mother have die to save him , as Lily have die for Harry ? surely she would … but what if she have be unable to stand between her son and Voldemort ? would there then have be no " Chosen one " at all ? an empty seat where Neville now sit and a scarless Harry who would have be kiss good-bye by his own mother , not Ron 's ? " you all right , Harry ? you look funny , " say Neville . Harry start . " sorry … I … " " Wrackspurt get you ? " ask Luna sympathetically , peer at Harry through her enormous colored spectacle . " I … what ? " " a Wrackspurt … they be invisible . they float in through your ear and make your brain go fuzzy , " she say . " I think I feel one zoom around in here . " she flap her hand at thin air , as though beat off large invisible moth . Harry and Neville catch each other 's eye and hastily begin to talk of Quidditch . the weather beyond the train window be as patchy as it have be all summer ; they pass through stretch of the chilling mist , then out into weak , clear sunlight . it be during one of the clear spell , when the sun be visible almost directly overhead , that Ron and Hermione enter the compartment at last . " wish the lunch trolley would hurry up , I be starve , " say Ron longingly , slump into the seat beside Harry and rub his stomach . " hi , Neville . hi , Luna . guess what ? " he add , turn to Harry . " Malfoys not do prefect duty . he be just sit in his compartment with the other Slytherins , we see him when we pass . " Harry sit up straight , interested . it be not like Malfoy to pass up the chance to demonstrate his power as prefect , which he have happily abuse all the previous year . " what do he do when he see you ? " " the usual , " say Ron indifferently , demonstrate a rude hand gesture . " not like him , though , be it ? well … that be " - he do the hand gesture again - " but why be n't he out there bully first year ? " " dunno , " say Harry , but his mind be race . do n't this look as though Malfoy have more important thing on his mind than bully young student ? " maybe he prefer the Inquisitorial Squad , " say Hermione . " maybe be a prefect seem a bit tame after that . " " I do n't think so , " say Harry . " I think he be - " but before he could expound on his theory , the compartment door slide open again and a breathless third-year girl step inside . " I be suppose to deliver these to Neville Longbottom and Harry P-Potter , " she falter , as her eye meet Harry 's and she turn scarlet . she be hold out two scroll of parchment tie with violet ribbon . perplex , Harry and Neville take the scroll address to each of them and the girl stumble back out of the compartment . " what be it ? " Ron demand , as Harry unroll his . " an invitation , " say Harry . Harry , I would be delight if you would join me for a bite of lunch in compartment C. Sincerely , Professor H. E. F. Slughorn " but what do he want me for ? " ask Neville nervously , as though he be expect detention . " no idea , " say Harry , which be not entirely true , though he have no proof yet that his hunch be correct . " listen , " he add , seize by a sudden brain wave , " let be go under the Invisibility Cloak , then we might get a good look at Malfoy on the way , see what he be up to . " this idea , however , come to nothing : the corridor , which be pack with people on the lookout for the lunch trolley , be impossible to negotiate while wear the cloak . Harry stow it regretfully back in his bag , reflect that it would have be nice to wear it just to avoid all the stare , which seem to have increase in intensity even since he have last walk down the train . every now and then , student would hurtle out of their compartment to get a good look at him . the exception be Cho Chang , who dart into her compartment when she see Harry come . as Harry pass the window , he see her deep in determine conversation with her friend Marietta , who be wear a very thick layer of makeup that do not entirely obscure the odd formation of pimple still etch across her face . smirk slightly , Harry push on . when they reach compartment C , they see at once that they be not Slughorn 's only invitees , although judge by the enthusiasm of Slughorn 's welcome , Harry be the most warmly anticipate . " Harry , m'boy ! " say Slughorn , jump up at the sight of him so that his great velvet-covered belly seem to fill all the remain space in the compartment . his shiny bald head and great silvery mustache gleam as brightly in the sunlight as the golden button on his waistcoat . " good to see you , good to see you ! and you must be Mr. Longbottom ! " Neville nod , look scare . at a gesture from Slughorn , they sit down opposite each other in the only two empty seat , which be nearest the door . Harry glance around at their fellow guest . he recognize a Slytherin from their year , a tall black boy with high cheekbone and long , slanting eye ; there be also two seventh-year boy Harry do not know and , squash in the corner beside Slughorn and look as though she be not entirely sure how she have get there , Ginny . " now , do you know everyone ? " Slughorn ask Harry and Neville . " Blaise Zabini be in your year , of course - " Zabini do not make any sign of recognition or greeting , nor do Harry or Neville : Gryffindor and Slytherin student loathe each other on principle . " this be Cormac McLaggen , perhaps you have come across each other - ? no ? " McLaggen , a large , wiry-haired youth , raise a hand , and Harry and Neville nod back at him . " - and this be Marcus Belby , I do n't know whether - ? " Belby , who be thin and nervous-looking , give a strained smile . " - and this charming young lady tell me she know you ! " Slughorn finish . Ginny grimace at Harry and Neville from behind Slughorn 's back . " well now , this be most pleasant , " say Slughorn cozily . " a chance to get to know you all a little good . here , take a napkin . I have pack my own lunch ; the trolley , as I remember it , be heavy on licorice wand , and a poor old man 's digestive system be n't quite up to such thing … Pheasant , Belby ? " Belby start and accept what look like half a cold pheasant . " I be just tell young Marcus here that I have the pleasure of teach his Uncle Damocles , " Slughorn tell Harry and Neville , now pass around a basket of roll . " outstanding wizard , outstanding , and his order of Merlin most well-deserved . do you see much of your uncle , Marcus ? " unfortunately , Beiby have just take a large mouthful of pheasant ; in his haste to answer Slughorn he swallow too fast , turn purple , and begin to choke . " Anapneo , " say Slughorn calmly , point his wand at Belby , whose airway seem to clear at once . " not … not much of him , no , " gasp Belby , his eye stream . " well , of course , I daresay he be busy , " say Slughorn , look questioningly at Belby . " I doubt he invent the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard work ! " " I suppose … " say Belby , who seem afraid to take another bite of pheasant until he be sure that Slughorn have finish with him . " er … he and my dad do n't get on very well , you see , so I do n't really know much about … " his voice tail away as Slughorn give him a cold smile and turn to McLaggen instead . " now , you , Cormac , " say Slughorn , " I happen to know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius , because he have a rather splendid picture of the two of you hunt nogtails in , I think , Norfolk ? " " oh , yeah , that be fun , that be , " say McLaggen . " we go with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour ; this be before he become Minister , obviously - " " ah , you know Bertie and Rufus too ? " beam Slughorn , now offer around a small tray of pie ; somehow , Belby be miss out . " now tell me … " it be as Harry have suspect . everyone here seem to have be invite because they be connect to somebody well-known or influential - everyone except Ginny . Zabini , who be interrogate after McLaggen , turn out to have a famously beautiful witch for a mother ( from what Harry could make out , she have be marry seven time , each of her husband die mysteriously and leave her mound of gold ) . it be Neville 's turn next : this be a very uncomfortable ten minute , for Neville 's parent , well-known Aurors , have be torture into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and a couple of Death Eater crony . at the end of Neville 's interview , Harry have the impression that Slughorn be reserve judgment on Neville , yet to see whether he have any of his parent ' flair . " and now , " say Slughorn , shift massively in his seat with the air of a compere introduce his star act . " Harry Potter ! where to begin ? I feel I barely scratch the surface when we meet over the summer ! " he contemplate Harry for a moment as though he be a particularly large and succulent piece of pheasant , then say , " ' the Chosen one , ' they be call you now ! " Harry say nothing . Belby , McLaggen , and Zabini be all stare at him . " of course , " say Slughorn , watch Harry closely , " there have be rumor for year … I remember when … well - after that terrible night - Lily - James - and you survive - and the word be that you must have power beyond the ordinary - " Zabini give a tiny little cough that be clearly suppose to indicate amused skepticism . an angry voice burst out from behind Slughorn . " yeah , Zabini , because you be so talented … at pose … " " oh dear ! " chuckle Slughorn comfortably , look around at Ginny , who be glaring at Zabini around Slughorn 's great belly . " you want to be careful , Blaise ! I see this young lady perform the most marvelous Bat-Bogey Hex as I be pass her carriage ! I would n't cross her ! " Zabini merely look contemptuous . " anyway , " say Slughorn , turn back to Harry . " such rumor this summer . of course , one do n't know what to believe , the Prophet have be know to print inaccuracy , make mistake - but there seem little doubt , give the number of witness , that there be quite a disturbance at the Ministry and that you be there in the thick of it all ! " Harry , who could not see any way out of this without flatly lie , nod but still say nothing . Slughorn beam at him . " so modest , so modest , no wonder Dumbledore be so fond - you be there , then ? but the rest of the story - so sensational , of course , one do n't know quite what to believe - this fabled prophecy , for instance - " " we never hear a prophecy , " say Neville , turn geranium pink as he say it . " that be right , " say Ginny staunchly . " Neville and I be both there too , and all this ' Chosen One ' rubbish be just the Prophet make thing up as usual . " " you be both there too , be you ? " say Slughorn with great interest , look from Ginny to Neville , but both of them sit clam-like before his encouraging smile . " yes … well … it be true that the Prophet often exaggerate , of course … " Slughorn say , sound a little disappoint . " I remember dear Gwenog tell me ( Gwenog Jones , I mean , of course , Captain of the Holyhead Harpies ) - " he meander off into a long-winded reminiscence , but Harry have the distinct impression that Slughorn have not finish with him , and that he have not be convince by Neville and Ginny . the afternoon wear on with more anecdote about illustrious wizard Slughorn have teach , all of whom have be delight to join what he call the " Slug Club " at Hogwarts . Harry could not wait to leave , but could n't see how to do so politely . finally the train emerge from yet another long misty stretch into a red sunset , and Slughorn look around , blink in the twilight . " good gracious , it be get dark already ! I do n't notice that they have light the lamp ! you will well go and change into your robe , all of you . McLaggen , you must drop by and borrow that book on nogtails . Harry , Blaise - any time you be pass . same go for you , miss , " he twinkle at Ginny . " well , off you go , off you go ! " as he push past Harry into the darken corridor , Zabini shoot him a filthy look that Harry return with interest . he , Ginny , and Neville follow Zabini back along the train . " I be glad that be over , " mutter Neville . " strange man , be n't he ? " " yeah , he be a bit , " say Harry , his eye on Zabini . " how come you end up in there , Ginny ? " " he see me hex Zacharias Smith , " say Ginny . " you remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who be in the D.A. ? he keep on and on ask about what happen at the Ministry and in the end he annoy me so much I hex him - when Slughorn come in I think I be go to get detention , but he just think it be ; it really good hex and invite me to lunch ! Mad , eh ? " " good reason for invite someone than because their mother be famous , " say Harry , scowl at the back of Zabini 's head , " or because their uncle - " but he break off . an idea have just occur to him , a reckless but potentially wonderful idea … in a minute 's time , Zabini be go to reenter the Slytherin sixth-year compartment and Malfoy would be sit there , think himself unheard by anybody except fellow Slytherins … if Harry could only enter , unseen , behind him , what might he not see or hear ? true , there be little of the journey leave … Hogsmeade Station have to be less than half an hour away , judge by the wildness of the scenery flash by the window … but nobody else seem prepare to take Harry 's suspicion seriously , so it be down to him to prove them . " I will see you two later , " say Harry under his breath , pull out his Invisibility Cloak and fling it over himself . " but what be you - ? " ask Neville . " later ! " whisper Harry , dart after Zabini as quietly as possible , though the rattle of the train make such caution almost pointless . the corridor be almost completely empty now . nearly everyone have return to their carriage to change into their school robe and pack up their possession . though he be as close as he could get to Zabini without touch him , Harry be not quick enough to slip into the compartment when Zabini open the door . Zabini be already slide it shut when Harry hastily stick out his foot to prevent it closing . " what be wrong with this thing ? " say Zabini angrily as he smash the slide door repeatedly into Harry 's foot . Harry seize the door and push it open , hard ; Zabini , still cling on to the handle , topple over sideways into Gregory Goyle 's lap , and in the ensue ruckus , Harry dart into the compartment , leap onto Zabini 's temporarily empty seat , and hoist himself up into the luggage rack . it be fortunate that Goyle and Zabini be snarl at each other , draw all eye onto them , for Harry be quite sure his foot and ankle have be reveal as the cloak have flap around them ; indeed , for one horrible moment he think he see Malfoy 's eye follow his trainer as it whip upward out of sight . but then Goyle slam the door shut and fling Zabini off him ; Zabini collapse into his own seat look ruffle , Vincent Crabbe return to his comic , and Malfoy , snigger , lay back down across two seat with his head in Pansy Parkinsons lap . Harry lie curl uncomfortably under the cloak to ensure that every inch of him remain hide , and watch Pansy stroke the sleek blond hair off Malfoy 's forehead , smirk as she do so , as though anyone would have love to have be in her place . the lantern swing from the carriage ceiling cast a bright light over the scene : Harry could read every word of Crabbe 's comic directly below him . " so , Zabini , " say Malfoy , " what do Slughorn want ? " " just try to make up to well-connected people , " say Zabini , who be still glower at Goyle . " not that he manage to find many . " this information do not seem to please Malfoy . " who else have he invite ? " he demand . " McLaggen from Gryffindor , " say Zabini . " oh yeah , his uncle be big in the Ministry , " say Malfoy . " - someone else call Belby , from Ravenclaw … " " not him , he be a prat ! " say Pansy . " - and Longbottom , Potter , and that Weasley girl , " finish Zabini . Malfoy sit up very suddenly , knock Pansy 's hand aside . " he invite Longbottom ? " " well , I assume so , as Longbottom be there , " say Zabini indifferently . " what be Longbottom get to interest Slughorn ? " Zabini shrug . " Potter , precious Potter , obviously he want a look at ' the Chosen one , ' " sneer Malfoy , " but that Weasley girl ! what be so special about her ? " " a lot of boy like her , " say Pansy , watch Malfoy out of the corner of her eye for his reaction . " even you think she be good-looking , do n't you , Blaise , and we all know how hard you be to please ! " I would n't touch a filthy little blood traitor like her whatever she look like , " say Zabini coldly , and Pansy look pleased . Malfoy sink back across her lap and allow her to resume the stroke of his hair . " well , I pity Slughorn 's taste . maybe he be go a bit senile . shame , my father always say he be a good wizard in his day . my father use to be a bit of a favorite of his . Slughorn probably have n't hear I be on the train , or - " " I would n't bank on an invitation , " say Zabini . " he ask me about Notts father when I first arrive . they use to be old friend , apparently , but when he hear he have be catch at the Ministry he do n't look happy , and Nott do n't get an invitation , do he ? I do n't think Slughorn 's interested in Death Eaters . " Malfoy look angry , but force out a singularly humorless laugh . " well , who care what he be interested in ? what be he , when you come down to it ? just some stupid teacher . " Malfoy yawn ostentatiously . " I mean , I might not even be at Hogwarts next year , what be it matter to me if some fat old has-been like me or not ? " " what do you mean , you might not be at Hogwarts next year ? " say Pansy indignantly , cease groom Malfoy at once . " well , you never know , " say Malfoy with the ghost of a smirk . " I might have - er - move on to big and good thing . " crouch in the luggage rack under his cloak , Harry 's heart begin to race . what would Ron and Hermione say about this ? Crabbe and Goyle be gawp at Malfoy ; apparently they have have no inkling of any plan to move on to big and good thing . even Zabini have allow a look of curiosity to mar his haughty feature . Pansy resume the slow stroke of Malfoy S hair , look dumbfounded . " do you mean - Him ? " Malfoy shrug . " Mother want me to complete my education , but personally , I do n't see it as that important these day . I mean , think about it … when the Dark Lord take over , be he go to care how many O.W.L.s or N.E.W.T.s anyone be get ? of course he be n't . it will be all about the kind of service he receive , the level of devotion he be show . " " and you think you will be able to do something for him ? " ask Zabini scathingly . " sixteen year old and not even fully qualify yet ? " " I have just say , have n't I ? maybe he do n't care if I be qualify . maybe the job he want me to do be n't something that you need to be qualify for , " say Malfoy quietly . Crabbe and Goyle be both sit with their mouth open like gargoyle . Pansy be gaze down at Malfoy as though she have never see anything so awe-inspiring . " I can see Hogwarts , " say Malfoy , clearly relish the effect he have create as he point out of the blacken window . " we will well get our robe on . " Harry be so busy stare at Malfoy , he do not notice Goyle reach up for his trunk ; as he swing it down , it hit Harry hard on the side of the head . he let out an involuntary gasp of pain , and Malfoy look up at the luggage rack , frown . Harry be not afraid of Malfoy , but he still do not much like the idea of be discover hide under his Invisibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly Slytherins . eye still water and head still throb , he draw his wand , careful not to disarrange the cloak , and wait , breath hold . to his relief , Malfoy seem to decide that he have imagine the noise ; he pull on his robe like the other , lock his trunk , and as the train slow to a jerky crawl , fasten a thick new travel cloak around his neck . Harry could see the corridor fill up again and hope that Hermione and Ron would take his thing out onto the platform for him ; he be stick where he be until the compartment have quite empty . at last , with a final lurch , the train come to a complete halt . Goyle throw the door open and muscle his way out into a crowd of second year , punch them aside ; Crabbe and Zabini follow . " you go on , " Malfoy tell Pansy , who be wait for him with her hand hold out as though hope he would hold it . " I just want to check something . " Pansy leave . now Harry and Malfoy be alone in the compartment . people be file past , descend onto the dark platform . Malfoy move over to the compartment door and let down the blind , so that people in the corridor beyond could not peer in . he then bend down over his trunk and open it again . Harry peer down over the edge of the luggage rack , his heart pump a little faster . what have Malfoy want to hide from Pansy ? be he about to see the mysterious break object it be so important to mend ? " Petrificus Totalus ! " without warning , Malfoy point his wand at Harry , who be instantly paralyze . as though in slow motion , he topple out of the luggage rack and fall , with an agonize , floor-shaking crash , at Malfoy 's foot , the Invisibility Cloak trap beneath him , his whole body reveal with his leg still curl absurdly into the cramped kneel position . he could n't move a muscle ; he could only gaze up at Malfoy , who smile broadly . " I think so , " he say jubilantly . " I hear Goyle 's trunk hit you . and I think I see something white flash through the air after Zabini come back … " his eye linger for a moment upon Harry 's trainer . " you do n't hear anything I care about , Potter . but while I have get you here … " and he stamp , hard , on Harry 's face . Harry feel his nose break ; blood spurt everywhere . " that be from my father . now , let be see … " Malfoy drag the cloak out from under Harry 's immobilize body and throw it over him . " I do n't reckon they will find you till the train back in London , " he say quietly . " see you around , Potter … or not . " and take care to tread on Harry 's finger , Malfoy leave the compartment . chapter EIGHT Snape Victorious Harry could not move a muscle . he lie there beneath the Invisibility Cloak feel the blood from his nose flow , hot and wet , over his face , listen to the voice and footstep in the corridor beyond . his immediate thought be that someone would , surely check the compartment before the train depart again . but at once come the dispiriting realization that even if somebody look into the compartment , he would be neither see nor hear . his good hope be that somebody else would walk in and step on him . Harry have never hate Malfoy more than as he lie there , like an absurd turtle on its back , blood drip sickeningly into his open mouth . what a stupid situation to have land himself in … and now the last few footstep be die away ; everyone be shuffle along the dark platform outside ; he could hear the scrape of trunk and loud babble of talk . Ron and Hermione would think that he have leave the train without them . once they arrive at Hogwarts and take their place in the Great Hall , look up and down the Gryffindor table a few time , and finally realize that he be not there , he , no doubt , would be halfway back to London . he try to make a sound , even a grunt , but it be impossible . then he remember that some wizard , like Dumbledore , could perform spell without speaking , so he try to summon his wand , which have fall out of his hand , by say the word " Accio Wand ! " over and over again in his head , but nothing happen . he think he could hear the rustle of the tree that surround the lake , and the far-off hoot of an owl , but no hint of a search be make or even ( he despise himself slightly for hope it ) panick voice wonder where Harry Potter have go . a feeling of hopelessness spread through him as he imagine the convoy of thestral-drawn carriage trundle up to the school and the muffle yell of laughter issue from whichever carriage Malfoy be ride in , where he could be recount his attack on Harry to Crabbe , Goyle , Zabini , and Pansy Parkinson . the train lurch , cause Harry to roll over onto his side . now he be stare at the dusty underside of the seat instead of the ceiling . the floor begin to vibrate as the engine roar into life . the Express be leave and nobody know he be still on it … then he feel his Invisibility Cloak fly off him and a voice overhead say , " Wotcher , Harry . " there be a flash of red light and Harry 's body unfreeze ; he be able to push himself into a more dignified sit position , hastily wipe the blood off his bruise race with the back of his hand , and raise his head to look up at Tonks , who be hold the Invisibility Cloak she have just pull away . " we will well get out of here , quickly , " she say , as the train window become obscure with steam and they begin to move out of the station . " come on , we will jump . " Harry hurry after her into the corridor . she pull open the train door and leap onto the platform , which seem to be slide underneath them as the train gather momentum . he follow her , stagger a little on landing , then straighten up in time to see the gleam scarlet steam engine pick up speed , round the corner , and disappear from view . the cold night air be soothe on his throb nose . tonk be look at him ; he feel angry and embarrassed that he have be discover in such a ridiculous position . silently she hand him back the Invisibility Cloak . " who do it ? " " Draco Malfoy , " say Harry bitterly . " thanks for … well … " " no problem , " say Tonks , without smile . from what Harry could see in the darkness , she be as mousy-haired and miserable-looking as she have be when he have meet her at the Burrow . " I can fix your nose if you stand still . " Harry do not think much of this idea ; he have be intend to visit Madam Pomfrey , the matron , in whom he have a little more confidence when it come to Healing Spells , but it seem rude to say this , so he stay stock-still and close his eye , " Episkey " say Tonks . Harry 's nose feel very hot , and then very cold . he raise a hand and feel gingerly . it seem to be mend . " thanks a lot ! " " you will well put that cloak back on , and we can walk up to the school , " say Tonks , still unsmil . as Harry swing the cloak back over himself , she wave her wand ; an immense silvery four-legged creature erupt from it and streak off into the darkness . " be that a Patronus ? " ask Harry , who have see Dumbledore send message like this . " yes , I be send word to the castle that I have get you or they will worry . come on , we will well not dawdle . " they set off toward the lane that lead to the school . " how do you find me ? " " I notice you have n't leave the train and I know you have that cloak . I think you might be hide for some reason . when I see the blind be draw down on that compartment I think I will check . " " but what be you do here , anyway ? " Harry ask . " I be station in Hogsmeade now , to give the school extra protection , " say Tonks . " be it just you who be station up here , or - ? " " no , Proudfoot , Savage , and Dawlish be here too . " " Dawlish , that Auror Dumbledore attack last year ? " " that be right . " they trudge up the dark , desert lane , follow the freshly make carriage track . Harry look sideways at Tonks under his cloak . last year she have be inquisitive ( to the point of be a little annoy at time ) , she have laugh easily , she have make joke . now she seem old and much more serious and purposeful . be this all the effect of what have happen at the Ministry ? he reflect uncomfortably that Hermione would have suggest he say something console about Sirius to her , that it have n't be her fault at all , but he could n't bring himself to do it . he be far from blame her for Sirius 's death ; it be no more her fault than anyone else be ( and much less than his ) , but he do not like talk about Sirius if he could avoid it . and so they tramp on through the cold night in silence , Tonks 's long cloak whisper on the ground behind them . have always travel there by carriage , Harry have never before appreciate just how far Hogwarts be from Hogsmeade Station . with great relief he finally see the tall pillar on either side of the gate , each top with a wing boar . he be cold , he be hungry and he be quite keen to leave this new , gloomy Tonks behind . but when he put out a hand to push open the gate , he find them chain shut . " Alohomora ! " he say confidently , point his wand at the padlock , but nothing happen . " that wo n't work on these , " say Tonks . " Dumbledore bewitch them himself . " Harry look around , " I could climb a wall , " he suggest . " no , you could n't , " say Tonks flatly . " Anti-intruder jinx on all of them . Security have be tighten a hundredfold this summer . " " well then , " say Harry , start to feel annoyed at her lack of helpfulness , " I suppose I will just have to sleep out here and wait for morning . " " someone be come down for you , " say Tonks , " look . " a lantern be bob at the distant foot of the castle . Harry be so please to see it he feel he could even endure Filch 's wheezy criticism of his tardiness and rant about how his timekeeping would improve with the regular application of thumbscrew . it be not until the glowing yellow light be ten foot away from them , and have pull off his Invisibility Cloak so that he could be see , that he recognize , with a rush of pure loathing , the uplit hooked nose and long , black , greasy hair of Severus Snape . " well , well , well , " sneer Snape , take out his wand and tap the padlock once , so that the chain snake backward and the gate creak open . " nice of you to turn up , Potter , although you have evidently decide that the wear of school robe would detract from your appearance . " " I could n't change , I do n't have my - " Harry begin , but Snape cut across him . " there be no need to wait , Nymphadora , Potter be quite - ah - safe in my hand . " " I mean Hagrid to get the message , " say Tonks , frown . " Hagrid be late for the start-of-term feast , just like Potter here , so I take it instead . and incidentally , " say Snape , stand back to allow Harry to pass him , " I be interested to see your new Patronus . " he shut the gate in her face with a loud clang and tap the chain with his wand again , so that they slither , clink , back into place . " I think you be well off with the old one , " say Snape , the malice in his voice unmistakable . " the new one look weak . " as Snape swing the lantern about , Harry see , fleetingly , a look of shock and anger on Tonks 's face . then she be cover in darkness once more . " good night , " Harry call to her over his shoulder , as he begin the walk up to the school with Snape . " thanks for … everything , " " see you , Harry . " Snape do not speak for a minute or so . Harry feel as though his body be generate wave of hatred so powerful that it seem incredible that Snape could not feel them burn him . he have loathe Snape from their first encounter , but Snape have place himself forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility of Harry 's forgiveness by his attitude toward Sirius . whatever Dumbledore say , Harry have have time to think over the summer , and have conclude that Snape 's snide remark to Sirius about remain safely hide while the rest of the order of the Phoenix be off fight Voldemort have probably be a powerful factor in Sirius rush off to the Ministry the night that he have die . Harry cling to this notion , because it enable him to blame Snape , which feel satisfying , and also because he know that if anyone be not sorry that Sirius be dead , it be the man now stride next to him in the darkness . " fifty point from Gryffindor for lateness , I think , " say Snape . " and , let me see , another twenty for your Muggle attire . you know , I do n't believe any House have ever be in negative figure this early in the term : we have n't even start pudding . you might have set a record , Potter . " the fury and hatred bubble inside Harry seem to blaze white-hot , but he would rather have be immobilize all the way back to London than tell Snape why he be late . " I suppose you want to make an entrance , do you ? " Snape continue . " and with no fly car available you decide that burst into the Great Hall halfway through the feast ought to create a dramatic effect . " still Harry remain silent , though he think his chest might explode . he know that Snape have come to fetch him for this , for the few minute when he could needle and torment Harry without anyone else listen . they reach the castle step at last and as the great oaken front door swing open into the vast flag entrance hall , a burst of talk and laughter and of tinkle plate and glass greet them through the door stand open into the Great Hail . Harry wonder whether he could slip his Invisibility Cloak back on , thereby gain his seat at the long Gryffindor table ( which , inconveniently , be the farthest from the entrance hall ) without be notice . as though he have read Harry 's mind , however , Snape say , " no cloak . you can walk in so that everyone see you , which be what you want , I be sure . " Harry turn on the spot and march straight through the open door : anything to get away from Snape . the Great Hall with its four long House table and its staff table set at the top of the room be decorate as usual with float candle that make the plate below glitter and glow . it be all a shimmer blur to Harry , however , who walk so fast that he be pass the Hufflepuff table before people really start to stare , and by the time they be stand up to get a good look at him , he have spot Ron and Hermione , speed along the bench toward them , and force his way in between them . " where have you - blimey , what have you do to your face ? " say Ron , goggle at him along with everyone else in the vicinity . " why , what be wrong with it ? " say Harry , grab a spoon and squint at his distorted reflection . " you be cover in blood ! " say Hermione . " come here - " she raise her wand , say " Tergeo ! " and siphon off the dry blood . " thanks , " say Harry , feel his now clean face . " how be my nose look ? " normal , " say Hermoine anxiously . " why should n't it ? Harry , what happen ? we have be terrify ! " " I will tell you later , " say Harry curtly . he be very conscious that Ginny , Neville , Dean , and Seamus be listen in ; even nearly Headless Nick , the Gryffindor ghost , have come float along the bench to eavesdrop . " but - " say Hermione . " not now , Hermione , " say Harry , in a darkly significant voice . he hope very much that they would all assume he have be involve in something heroic , preferably involve a couple of Death Eaters and a dementor . of course , Malfoy would spread the story as wide as he could , but there be always a chance it would n't reach too many Gryffindor ear . he reach across Ron for a couple of chicken leg and a handful of chip , but before he could take them they vanish , to be replace with pudding . " you miss the Sorting , anyway , " say Hermione , as Ron dive for a large chocolate gateau . " hat say anything interesting ? " ask Harry , take a piece of treacle tart . " more of the same , really … advise us all to unite in the face enemy , you know . " " Dumbledore mention Voldemort at all ? " " not yet , but he always save his proper speech for after the the feast do n't he ? it ca n't be long now . " " Snape say Hagrid be late for the feast - " " you have see Snape ? how come ? " say Ron between frenzied mouthful of gateau . " bump into him , " say Harry evasively . " Hagrid be only a few minute late , " say Hermione . " look , he be wave at you , Harry . " Harry look up at the staff table and grin at Hagrid , who be indeed wave at him . Hagrid have never quite manage to comport himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall , Head of Gryffindor House , the top of whose head come up to somewhere between Hagrid 's elbow and shoulder as they be sit side by side , and who be look disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greeting . Harry be surprise to see the divination teacher , Professor Trelawney , sit on Hagrid 's other side ; she rarely leave her tower room , and he have never see her at the start-of-term feast before . she look as odd as ever , glitter with bead and trail shawl , her eye magnify to enormous size by her spectacle . have always consider her a bit of a fraud , Harry have be shock to discover at the end of the previous term that it have be she who have make the prediction that cause Lord Voldemort to kill Harry 's parent and attack Harry himself . the knowledge make him even less eager to find himself in her company , thankfully , this year he would be drop divination . her great beaconlike eye swivel in his direction ; he hastily look away toward the Slytherin table . Draco Malfoy be mime the shatterering of a nose to raucous laughter and applause . Harry drop his gaze to his treacle tart , his inside burn again . what he would give to fight Malfoy one-on-one … " so what do Professor Slughorn want ? " Hermione ask . " to know what really happen at the Ministry . " say Harry . " him and everyone else here , " sniff Hermione . " people be interrogate us about it on the train , be n't they , Ron ? " " yeah , " say Ron . " all want to know if you really be ' the Chosen One ' - " " there have be much talk on that very subject even amongst the ghost , " interrupt nearly Headless Nick , incline his barely connect head toward Harry so that it wobble dangerously on its ruff . " I be consider something of a Potter authority ; it be widely know that we be friendly . I have assure the spirit community that I will not pester you for information , however . ' Harry Potter know that he can confide in me with complete confidence , ' I tell them . ' I would rather die than betray his trust . ' " " that be not say much , see as you be already dead , " Ron observe . " once again , you show all the sensitivity of a blunt axe , " say nearly Headless Nick in affront tone , and he rise into the air and glide back toward the far end of the Gryffindor table just as Dumbledore get to his foot at the staff table . the talk and laughter echo around the Hall die away almost instantly . " the very good of evening to you ! " he say , smile broadly , his arm open wide as though to embrace the whole room . " what happen to his hand ? " gasp Hermione . she be not the only one who have notice . Dumbledore 's right hand be as blacken and deadlooking as it have be on the night he have come to fetch Harry from the Dursley . whisper it the room ; Dumbledore , interpret them correctly , merely smile and shake his purple-and-gold sleeve over his injury . " nothing to worry about , " he say airily . " now … to our new student , welcome , to our old student , welcome back ! another year full of magical education await you … " " his hand be like that when I see him over the summer , " Harry whisper to Hermione . " I think he will have cure it by now , though … or Madam Pomfrey would have do . " " it look as if it be die , " say Hermione , with a nauseate expression . " but there be some injury you ca n't cure … old curse … and there be poison without antidote … " " … and Mr. Filch , our caretaker , have ask me to say that there be a blanket ban on any joke item buy at the shop call Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes . " those wish to play for their House Quidditch team should give their name to their Heads of House as usual . we be also look for new Quidditch commentator , who should do likewise . " we be please to welcome a new member of staff this year , Professor Slughorn " - Slughorn stand up , his bald head gleam in the candlelight , his big waistcoated belly cast the table into shadow - " be a former colleague of mine who have agree to resume his old post of potion master . " " potion ? " " potion ? " the word echo all over the Hall as people wonder wheel they have hear right . " potion ? " say Ron and Hermione together , turn to stare Harry . " but you say - " " Professor Snape , meanwhile , " say Dumbledore , raise voice so that it carry over all the mutter , " will be take the position of Defense against the Dark Arts teacher . " " no ! " say Harry , so loudly that many head turn in his direction . he do not care ; he be stare up at the staff table , incense . how could Snape be give the defense against the Dark Art job after all this time ? have n't it be widely know for year that Dumbledore do not trust him to do it ? " but Harry , you say that Slughorn be go to be teach defense against the dark art ! " say Hermione . " I think he be ! " say Harry , rack his brain to remember when Dumbledore have tell him this , but now that he come to think of it , he be unable to recall Dumbledore ever tell him what Slughorn would be teach . Snape , who be sit on Dumbledore 's right , do not stand up his mention of his name ; he merely raise a hand in lazy acknowledgment of the applause from the Slytherin table , yet Harry be sure he could detect a look of triumph on the feature he loathe so much . " well , there be one good thing , " he say savagely . " Snape will be go by the end of the year . " " what do you mean ? " ask Ron . " that job be jinx . no one last more than a year … Quirrell actually die do it … personally , I be go to keep my finger cross for another death … " " Harry ! " say Hermione , shocked and reproachful . " he might just go back to teaching potion at the end of the year , " say Ron reasonably . " that Slughorn bloke might not want to stay long-term . Moody do n't . " Dumbledore clear his throat . Harry , Ron , and Hermione be not the only one who have be talk ; the whole Hall have erupt in a buzz of conversation at the news that Snape have finally achieve his heart 's desire . seemingly oblivious to the sensational nature of the news he have just impart , Dumbledore say nothing more about staff appointment , but wait a few second to ensure that the silence be absolute before continue . " now , as everybody in this Hall know , Lord Voldemort and his follower be once more at large and gain in strength . " the silence seem to tauten and strain as Dumbledore speak . Harry glance at Malfoy . Malfoy be not look at Dumbledore , but make his fork hover in midair with his wand , as though he find the headmaster 's word unworthy of his attention . " I can emphasize strongly enough how dangerous the present situation be , and how much care each of us at Hogwarts must take to ensure that we remain safe . the castle 's magical fortification have be strengthen over the summer , we be protect in new and more powerful way , but we must still guard scrupulously against carelessness on the part of any student or member of staff . I urge you , therefore , to abide by any security restriction that you teacher might impose upon you , however irksome you might find them - in particular , the rule that you be not to be out of after hour . I implore you , should you notice anything strange or suspicious within or outside the castle , to report it to a member of staff immediately . I trust you to conduct yourselves , always , with the utmost regard for your own and other ' safety . " Dumbledore 's blue eye sweep over the student before he smile once more . " but now , your bed await , as warm and comfortable as you could possibly wish , and I know that your top priority be to be well-rested for your lesson tomorrow . let us therefore say good night . pip pip ! " with the usual deafen scrape noise , the bench move back and the hundred of student begin to file out of the Great Hall toward their dormitory . Harry , who be in no hurry at all to leave with the gawp crowd , nor to get near enough to Malfoy to allow him to retell the story of the nose-stamping , lag behind , pretend to retie the lace on his trainer , allow most of Gryffindors to draw ahead of him . Hermione have dart ahead to fulfill her prefect 's duty of shepherd the first year , but Ron remain with Harry . " what really happen to your nose ? " he ask , once they be at the very back of the throng press out of the Hall , and out of earshot of anyone else . Harry tell him . it be a mark of the strength of their friendship that Ron do not laugh . " I see Malfoy mime something to do with a nose , " he say darkly . " yeah , well , never mind that , " say Harry bitterly . " listen to what he be say before he find out I be there … " Harry have expect Ron to be stun by Malfoys boast . with what Harry consider pure pigheadedness , however , Ron be unimpressed . " come on , Harry , he be just show off for Parkinson … what kind of mission would YouKnow-Who have give him ? " " how d'you know Voldemort do n't need someone at Hogwarts ? it would n't be the first - " " I wish Yeh will stop sayin ' tha name , Harry , " say a reproachful voice behind them . Harry look over his shoulder to see Hagrid shake his head . " Dumbledore use that name , " say Harry stubbornly " Yeah , well , tha 's Dumbledore , innit ? " say Hagrid mysteriously . " so how come yeh be late , Harry ? I be worry . " " get hold up on the train , " say Harry . " why be you late ? " " I be with Grawp , " say Hagrid happily . " Los ' track o ' the time . he have get a new home up in the mountain now , Dumbledore fix it - nice big cave . he be much happy than he be in the forest . we be havin ' a good chat . " " really ? " say Harry , take care not to catch Ron 's eye ; the last time he have meet Hagrid 's halfbrother , a vicious giant with a talent for rip up tree by the root , his vocabulary have comprise five word , two of which he be unable to pronounce properly . " oh yeah , he be really come on , " say Hagrid proudly . " Yeh will be amaze . I be thinkin ' o ' trainin ' him up as me assistant . " Ron snort loudly , but manage to pass it off as a violent sneeze . they be now stand beside the oak front door . " anyway , I will see yeh tomorrow , fir ' lesson be straight after lunch . come early an ' yeh can say hello ter Buck - I mean , Witherwings ! " raise an arm in cheery farewell , he head out of the door into the darkness . Harry and Ron look at each other . Harry could tell that Ron be experience the same sinking feel as himself . " you be not take Care of Magical Creatures , be you ? " Ron shake his head . " and you be not either , be you ? " Harry shake his head too . " and Hermione , " say Ron , " she be not , be she ? " Harry shake his head again . exactly what Hagrid would say when he realize his three favorite student have give up his subject , he do not like to think . chapter Nine The Half-Blood Prince Harry and Ron meet Hermione in the common room before breakfast next morning . hope for some support in his theory , Harry lose no time in telling Hermione what he have overhear Malfoy say on the Hogwarts Express . " but he be obviously show off for Parkinson , be n't he ? " interject Ron quickly , before Hermione could say anything . " well , " she say uncertainly , " I do n't know … it would be like Malfoy to make himself seem more important than he be … but that be a big lie to tell … " " exactly , " say Harry , but he could not press the point , because so many people be try to listen in to his conversation , not to mention stare at him and whisper behind their hand . " it be rude to point , " Ron snap at a particularly minuscule first-year boy as they join the queue to climb out of the portrait hole . the boy , who have be mutter something about Harry behind his hand to his friend , promptly turn scarlet and topple out of the hole in alarm . Ron snigger . " I love be a sixth year . and be go to be get free time this year . whole period when we can just sit up here and relax . " " we be go to need that time for study , Ron ! " say Hermione , as they set off down the corridor . " yeah , but not today , " say Ron . " today be go to be a real loss , I reckon . " " hold it ! " say Hermione , throw out an arm and halt a pass fourth year , who be attempt to push past her with a lime-green disk clutch tightly in his hand . " fanged Frisbee ban , hand it over , " she tell him sternly . the scowl boy hand over the snarl Frisbee , duck under her arm , and take off after his friend . Ron wait for him to vanish , then tug the Frisbee from Hermione 's grip . " excellent , I have always want one of these . " Hermione 's remonstration be drown by a loud giggle ; Lavender Brown have apparently find Ron 's remark highly amusing . she continue to laugh as she pass them , glance back at Ron over her shoulder . Ron look rather pleased with himself . the ceiling of the Great Hall be serenely blue and streak with frail , wispy cloud , just like the square of sky visible through the high mullioned window . while they tuck into porridge and egg and bacon , Harry and Ron tell Hermione about their embarassing conversation with Hagrid the previous evening . " but he ca n't really think we will continue Care of Magical Creatures ! " she say , look distressed . " I mean , when have any of us express … you know … any enthusiasm ? " " that be it , though , innit ? " say Ron , swallow an entire fried egg whole . " we be the one who make the most effort in class because we like Hagrid . but he think we like the stupid subject . D'ya reckon anyone be go to go on to N.E.W.T. ? " neither Harry nor Hermione answer ; there be no need . they know perfectly well that nobody in their year would want to continue Care of Magical Creatures . they avoid Hagrid 's eye and return his cheery wave only half-heartedly when he leave the staff table ten minute later . after they have eat , they remain in their place , await Professor McGonagall 's descent from the staff table . the distribution of class schedule be more complicate than usual this year , for Professor McGonagall need first to confirm that everybody have achieve the necessary O.W.L. grade to continue with their chosen N.E.W.T.s. Hermione be immediately clear to continue with Charms , defense against the Dark Arts , Transfiguration , Herbology , Arithmancy , Ancient Runes , and potion , and shoot off to a first period Ancient Runes class without further ado . Neville take a little longer to sort out ; his round face be anxious as Professor McGonagall look down his application and then consult his O.W.L result . " Herbology , fine , " she say . " Professor Sprout will be delight to see you back with an ' outstanding ' O.W.L. and you qualify for Defense against the Dark Art with ' Exceeds expectation . ' but the problem be transfiguration . I be sorry , Longbottom , but an ' Acceptable ' really be n't good enough to continue to N.E.W.T. level . just do n't think you will be able to cope with the coursework . " Neville hang his head . Professor McGonagall peer at him through her square spectacle . " why do you want to continue with transfiguration , anyway ? I have never have the impression that you particularly enjoy it . " Neville look miserable and mutter something about " my grandmother want . " " Hmph , " snort Professor McGonagall . " it be high time your grandmother learn to be proud of the grandson she be get , rather than the one she think she ought to have - particularly after what happen at the Ministry . " Neville turn very pink and blink confusedly ; Professor McGonagall have never pay him a compliment before . " I be sorry , Longbottom , but I can let you into my N.E.W.T. class . I see that you have an ' Exceeds expectation ' in Charm however - why not try for a N.E.W.T. in Charms ? " " my grandmother think Charms be a soft option , " mumble Neville . " take charm , " say Professor McGonagall , " and I shall drop Augusta a line remind her that just because she fail her Charms O.W.L. , the subject be not necessarily worthless . " smile slightly at the look of delighted incredulity on Neville 's face , Professor McGonagall tap a blank schedule with the tip of her wand and hand it , now carry detail of his new class , to Neville . Professor McGonagall turn next to Parvati Patil , whose first question be whether Firenze , the handsome centaur , be still teach divination . " he and Professor Trelawney be divide class between them this year , " say Professor McGonagall , a hint of disapproval in her voice ; it be common knowledge that she despise the subject of Divination . " the sixth year be be take by Professor Trelawney . " Parvati set off for Divination five minute later look slightly crestfallen . " so , Potter , Potter … " say Professor McGonagall , consult her note as she turn to Harry . " charm , defense against the Dark Arts , Herbology , transfiguration … all fine . I must say , I be please with your transfiguration mark , Potter , very please . now , why have n't you apply to continue with potion ? I think it be your ambition to become an Auror ? " " it be , but you tell me I have to get an ' outstanding ' in my O.W.L. , Professor . " " and so you do when Professor Snape be teach the subject . Professor Slughorn , however , be perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T. student with ' Exceeds expectation ' at O.W.L. do you wish to proceed with potion ? " " yes , " say Harry , " but I do n't buy the book or any ingredient or anything- " " I be sure Professor Slughorn will be able to lend you some , " say Professor McGonagall . " very well , Potter , here be your schedule . oh , by the way- twenty hopeful have already put down their name for the Gryffindor Quidditch team . I shall pass the list to you in due course and you can fix up trial at your leisure . " a few minute later , Ron be clear to do the same subject as Harry , and the two of them leave the table together . " look , " say Ron delightedly , gaze ar his schedule , " we have get a free period now … and a free period after break … and after lunch … excellent . " they return to the common room , which be empty apart from a half dozen seventh year , include Katie Bell , the only remain member of the original Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry have join in his first year . " I think you will get that , well do , " she call over , point at the Captains badge on Harry 's chest . " tell me when you call trial ! " " do n't be stupid , " say Harry , " you do n't need to try out , I watch you play for five year … " " you must n't start off like that , " she say warningly . " for all you know , there be someone much well than me out there . good team have be ruin before now because Captains just keep play the old face , or let in their friend … " Ron look a little uncomfortable and begin play with the Fanged Frisbee Hermione have take from the fourth-year student . it zoom around the common room , snarl and attempt to take bite of the tapestry . Crookshanks 's yellow eye follow it and he hiss when it come too close . an hour later they reluctantly leave the sunlit common room for the defense against the Dark Arts classroom four floor below . Hermione be already queue outside , carry an armful of heavy book and look put-upon . " we get so much homework for Runes , " she say anxiously when Harry and Ron join her . " a fifteen-inch essay , two translation , and I have get to read these by Wednesday ! " " shame , " yawn Ron . " you wait , " she say resentfully . " I bet Snape give us load . " the classroom door open as she speak , and Snape step into the corridor , his sallow face frame as ever by two curtain of greasy black hair . silence fall over the queue immediately . " inside , " he say . Harry look around as they enter . Snape have impose his personality upon the room already ; it be gloomier than usual , as curtain have be draw over the window , and be light by candlelight . new picture adorn the wall , many of them show people who appear to be in pain , sport grisly injury or strangely contorted body part . nobody speak as they settle down , look around at the shadowy , gruesome picture . " I have not ask you to take out your book , " say Snape , close the door and move to face the class from behind his desk ; Hermione hastily drop her copy of confront the faceless back into her bag and stow it under her chair . " I wish to speak to you , and I want your full attention . " his black eye roved over their upturn face , linger for a fraction of a second longer on Harry 's than anyone else be . " you have have five teacher in this subject so far , I believe . " you believe … like you have n't watch them all come and go , hope you will be next , think Harry scathingly . " naturally , these teacher will all have have their own method and priority . give this confusion I be surprise so many of you scrape an O.W.L. in this subject . I shall be even more surprise if all of you manage to keep up with the N.E.W.T. work , which will be more advanced . " Snape set off around the edge of the room , speak now in a low voice ; the class crane their neck to keep him in view . " the dark art , " say Snape , " be many , varied , ever-changing , and eternal . fight them be like fight a many-headed monster , which , each time a neck be sever , sprout a head even fierce and clever than before . you be fight that which be unfix , mutate , indestructible . " Harry stare at Snape . it be surely one thing to respect the dark art as a dangerous enemy , another to speak of them , as Snape be do , with a loving caress in his voice ? " your defense , " say Snape , a little louder , " must therefore be as flexible and inventive as the art you seek to undo . these picture " - he indicate a few of them as he sweep past - " give a fair representation of what happen to those who suffer , for instance , the Cruciatus Curse " - he wave a hand toward a witch who be clearly shriek in agony - " feel the Dementor 's Kiss " - a wizard lie huddle and blank-eyed , slump against a wall - " or provoke the aggression of the Inferius " - a bloody mass upon ground . " have an Inferius be see , then ? " say Parvati Patil in a high pitched voice . " be it definite , be he use them ? " " the Dark Lord have use Inferi in the past , " say Snape , " which mean you would be welladvised to assume he might use them again . now … " he set off again around the other side of the classroom toward his desk , and again , they watch him as he walk , his dark robe billow behind him . , " … you be , I believe , complete novice in the use of nonverbal spell . what be the advantage of a nonverbal spell ? " Hermione 's hand shot into the air . Snape take his time look around at everybody else , make sure he have no choice , before say curtly , " Very well - Miss Granger ? " " your adversary have no warning about what kind of magic you be about to perform , " say Hermione , " which give you a split-second advantage . " " an answer copy almost word for word from the Standard Book of Spells , Grade six , " say Snape dismissively ( over in the corner , Malfoy snigger ) , " but correct in essential . yes , those who progress in use magic without shout incantation gain an element of surprise in their spell-casting . not all wizard can do this , of course ; it be a question of concentration and mind power which some " - his gaze linger maliciously upon Harry once more - " lack . " Harry know Snape be think of their disastrous Occlumency lesson of the previous year . he refuse to drop his gaze , but glower at Snape until Snape look away . " you will now divide , " Snape go on , " into pair . one partner will attempt to jinx the other without speak . the other will attempt to repel the jinx in equal silence . carry on . " although Snape do not know it , Harry have teach at least half the class ( everyone who have be a member of the D.A. ) how to perform a Shield Charm the previous year . none of them have ever cast the charm without speaking , however . a reasonable amount of cheating ensue ; many people be merely whisper the incantation instead of say it aloud . typically , ten minute into the lesson Hermione manage to repel Neville 's mutter Jelly-Legs Jinx without utter a single word , a feat that would surely have earn her twenty point for Gryffindor from any reasonable teacher , think Harry bitterly , but which Snape ignore . he sweep between them as they practice , look just as much like an overgrow bat as ever , linger to watch Harry and Ron struggle with the task . Ron , who be suppose to be jinx Harry , be purple in the face , his lip tightly compress to save himself from the temptation of mutter the incantation . Harry have his wand raise , wait on tenterhook to repel a jinx that seem unlikely ever to come . " pathetic , Weasley , " say Snape , after a while . " here - let me show you - " he turn his wand on Harry so fast that Harry react instinctively ; all thought of nonverbal spell forget , he yell , " Protego ! " his Shield Charm be so strong Snape be knock off-balance and hit a desk . the whole class have look around and now watch as Snape right himself , scowl . " do you remember me tell you we be practice nonverbal spell , Potter ? " " yes , " say Harry stiffly . " yes , sir . " " there be no need to call me ' sir , ' Professor . " the word have escape him before he know what he be say . several people gasp , include Hermione . behind Snape , however , Ron , Dean , and Seamus grin appreciatively . " detention , Saturday night , my office , " say Snape . " I do not take cheek from anyone , Potter … not even ' the Chosen one . ' " " that be brilliant , Harry ! " chortle Ron , once they be safely on their way to break a short while later . " you really should n't have say it , " say Hermione , frown at Ron . " what make you ? " " he try to jinx me , in case you do n't notice ! " fume Harry . " I have enough of that during those Occlumency lesson ! why do n't he use another guinea pig for a change ? what be Dumbledore play at , anyway , let him teach Defense ? do you hear him talk about the dark art ? he love them ! all that unfix , indestructble stuff - " " well , " say Hermione , " I think he sound a bit like you . " " like me ? " " yes , when you be tell us what it be like to face Voldemort . you say it be n't just memorize a bunch of spell , you say it be just you and your brain and your gut - well , be n't that what Snape be say ? that it really come down to be brave and quickthinking ? " Harry be so disarm that she have think his word as well worth memorize as the Standard Book of Spells that he do not argue . " Harry ! hey , Harry ! " Harry look around ; Jack Sloper , one of the Beaters on last year 's Gryffindor Quidditch team , be hurry toward him hold a roll of parchment . " for you , " pant Sloper . " listen , I hear you be the new Captain . when be you hold trial ? " " I be not sure yet , " say Harry , think privately that sloper would be very lucky to get back on the team . " I will let you know . " " oh , right . I be hope it will be this weekend - " but Harry be not listen ; he have just recognize the thin , slanting writing on the parchment . leave sloper in mid-sentence , he hurry away with Ron and Hermione , unroll the parchment as he go . Dear Harry , I would like to start our private lesson this Saturday . kindly come along to my office at @card@ p.m. I hope you be enjoy your first day back at school . yours sincerely , Albus Dumbledore P.S. I enjoy Acid Pops . " he enjoy Acid Pops ? " say Ron , who have read the message over Harry 's shoulder and be look perplex . " it be the password to get past the gargoyle outside his study , " say Harry in a low voice . " Ha ! Snape be not go to be please … I wo n't be able to do his detention ! " he , Ron , and Hermione spend the whole of break speculate on what Dumbledore would teach Harry . Ron think it most likely to be spectacular jinx and hex of the type the Death Eaters would not know . Hermione say such thing be illegal , and think it much more likely that Dumbledore want to teach Harry advanced defensive magic . after break , she go off to Arithmancy while Harry and Ron return to the common room where they grudgingly start Snape 's homework . this turn out to be so complex that they still have not finish when Hermione join them for their after-lunch free period ( though she considerably speed up the process ) . they have only just finish when the bell ring for the afternoon 's double potion and they beat the familiar path down to the dungeon classroom that have , for so long , be Snape 's . when they arrive in the corridor they see that there be only a dozen people progress to N.E.W.T. level . Crabbe and Goyle have evidently fail to achieve the required O.W.L. grade , but four Slytherins have make it through , include Malfoy . Four Ravenclaws be there , and one Hufflepuff , Ernie Macmillan , whom Harry like despite his rather pompous manner . " Harry , " Ernie say portentously , hold out his hand as Harry approach , " do n't get a chance to speak in Defense against the dark art this morning . good lesson , I think , but Shield Charms be old hat , of course , for us old D.A. lag … and how be you , Ron - Hermione ? " before they could say more than " fine , " the dungeon door open and Slughorn 's belly precede him out of the door . as they file into the room , his great walrus mustache curve above his beaming mouth , and he greet Harry and Zabini with particular enthusiasm . the dungeon be , most unusually , already full of vapor and odd smell . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sniff interestedly as they pass large , bubble cauldron . the four Slytherins take a table together , as do the four Ravenclaws . this leave Harry , Ron , and Hermione to share a table with Ernie . they choose the one nearest a gold-colored cauldron that be emit one of the most seductive scent Harry have ever inhale : somehow it remind him simultaneously of treacle tart , the woody smell of a broomstick handle , and something flowery he think he might have smell at the Burrow . he find that he be breathe very slowly and deeply and that the potion 's fume seem to be fill him up like drink . a great contentment steal over him ; he grin across at Ron , who grin back lazily . " now then , now then , now then , " say Slughorn , whose massive outline be quiver through the many shimmer vapor . " scale out , everyone , and potion kit , and do n't forget your copy of Advanced Potion-Making … " " Sir ? " say Harry , raise his hand . " Harry , m'boy ? " " I have n't get a book or scale or anything - nor be Ron - we do n't realize we will be able to do the N.E.W.T. , you see - " " ah , yes , Professor McGonagall do mention … not to worry , my dear boy , not to worry at all . you can use ingredient from the store cupboard today , and I be sure we can lend you some scale , and we have get a small stock of old book here , they will do until you can write to Flourish and Blotts … " Slughorn stride over to a corner cupboard and , after a moment be forage , emerge with two very battered-looking copy of Advanced Potion-Making by Libatius Borage , which he give to Harry and Ron along with two set of tarnished scale . " now then , " say Slughorn , return to the front of the class and inflate his already bulge chest so that the button on his waistcoat threaten to burst off , " I have prepare a few potion for you to have a look at , just out of interest , you know . these be the kind of thing you ought to be able to make after complete your N.E.W.T.s. you ought to have hear of ' em , even if you have n't make ' em yet . anyone tell me what this one be ? " he indicate the cauldron nearest the Slytherin table . Harry raise himself slighty in his seat and see what look like plain water boil away inside it . Hermione 's well-practiced hand hit the air before anybody else be ; Slughorn point at her . " it be Veritaserum , a colorless , odorless potion that force the drinker to tell the truth , " say Hermione . " very good , very good ! " say Slughorn happily . " now , " he continue , point at the cauldron nearest the Ravenclaw table , " this one here be pretty well know … featured in a few Ministry leaflet lately too … who can - ? " Hermione 's hand be fast once more . " lt 's Polyjuice Potion , sir , " she say . Harry too have recognize the slow-bubbling , mudlike substance the second cauldron , but do not resent Hermione get the credit for answer the question ; she , after all , be the one who have succeed in make it , back in their second year . " excellent , excellent ! now , this one here … yes , my dear ? " say Slughorn , now look slightly bemused , as Hermione 's hand punch the air again . " it be Amortentia ! " " it be indeed . it seem almost foolish to ask , " say Slughorn , who be look mightily impressed , " but I assume you know what it do ? " " it be the most powerful love potion in the world ! " say Hermione . " quite right ! you recognize it , I suppose , by its distinctive mother-of-pearl sheen ? " " and the steam rise in characteristic spiral , " say Hermione enthusiastically , " and it be suppose to smell differently to each of accord to what attract us , and I can smell freshly mow grass and new parchment and - " but she turn slightly pink and do not complete the sentence . " may I ask your name , my dear ? " say Slughorn , ignore Hermione 's embarrassment . " Hermione Granger , sir . " " Granger ? Granger ? can you possibly be relate to Hector Dagworth-Granger , who found the most Extraordinary Society of Potioneers ? " " No. I do n't think so , sir . I be Muggle-born , you see . " Harry see Malfoy lean close to Nott and whisper something ; both of them snigger , but Slughorn show no dismay ; on the contrary , he beam and look from Hermione to Harry , who be sit next to her . " Oho ! ' one of my good friend be Muggle-born , and she be the good in our year ! ' I be assume this be the very friend of whom you speak , Harry ? " " yes , sir , " say Harry . " well , well , take twenty well-earned point for Gryffindor , Miss Granger , " say Slughorn genially . Malfoy look rather as he have do the time Hermione have punch him in the face . Hermione turn to Harry with a radiant expression and whisper , " do you really tell him I be the good in the year ? oh , Harry ! " " well , what be so impressive about that ? " whisper Ron , who for some reason look annoyed . " you be the good in the year - I will have tell him so if he have ask me ! " Hermione smile but make a " shhing " gesture , so that they could hear what Slughorn be say . Ron look slightly disgruntled . " Amortentia do n't really create love , of course . it be impossible to manufacture or imitate love . no , this will simply cause a powerful infatuation or obsession . it be probably the most dangerous and powerful potion in this room - oh yes , " he say , nod gravely at Malfoy and Nott , both of whom be smirk skeptically . " when you have see as much of life as I have , you will not underestimate the power of obsessive love . " " and now , " say Slughorn , " it be time for us to start work . " " Sir , you have n't tell us what be in this one , " say Ernie Macmillan , point at a small black cauldron standing on Slughorn 's desk . the potion within be splash about merrily ; it be the color of molten gold , and large drop be leap like goldfish above the surface , though not a particle have spill . " Oho , " say Slughorn again . Harry be sure that Slughorn have not forget the potion at all , but have wait to be ask for dramatic effect . " yes . that . well , that one , lady and gentleman , be a most curious little potion call Felix Felicis . I take it , " he turn , smile , to look at Hermione , who have let out an audible gasp , " that you know what Felix Felicis do , Miss Granger ? " " it be liquid luck , " say Hermione excitedly . " it make you lucky ! " the whole class seem to sit up a little straight . now all Harry could see of Malfoy be the back of his sleek blond head , because he be at last give Slughorn his full and undivided attention . " quite right , take another ten point for Gryffindor . yes , it be a funny little potion , Felix Felicis , " say Slughorn . " desperately tricky to make , and disastrous to get wrong . however , if brew correctly , as this have be , you will find that all your endeavor tend to succeed … at least until the effect wear off . " " why do n't people drink it all the time , sir ? " say Terry Boot eagerly . " because if take in excess , it cause giddiness , recklessness , and dangerous overconfidence , " say Slughorn . " too much of a good thing , you know … highly toxic in large quantity . but take sparingly , and very occasionally … " " Have you ever take it , sir ? " ask Michael Corner with great interest . " twice in my life , " say Slughorn . " once when I be twenty-four , once when I be fifty-seven . two tablespoonful take with breakfast . two perfect day . " he gaze dreamily into the distance . whether he be playact or not , think Harry , the effect be good . " and that , " say Slughorn , apparently come back to earth , " be what I shall be offer as a prize in this lesson . " there be silence in which every bubble and gurgle of the surround potion seem magnify tenfold . " one tiny bottle of Felix Felicis , " say Slughorn , take a minuscule glass bottle with a cork in it out of his pocket and show it to them all . " enough for twelve hour ' luck . from dawn till dusk , you will be lucky in everything you attempt . " " now , I must give you warn that Felix Felicis be a ban substance in organized competition … sporting event , for instance , examination , or election . so the winner be to use it on an ordinary day only … and watch how that ordinary day become extraordinary ! " " so , " say Slughorn , suddenly brisk , " how be you to win this fabulous prize ? well , by turn to page ten of Advanced Potion make . we have a little over an hour leave to us , which should be time for you to make a decent attempt at the draught of live death . I know it be more complex than anything you have attempt before , and I do not expect a perfect potion from anybody . the person who do good , however , will win little Felix here . off you go ! " there be a scrape as everyone draw their cauldron toward them and some loud clunk as people begin add weight to their scale , but nobody speak . the concentration within the room be almost tangible . Harry see Malfoy riffle feverishly through his copy of Advanced Potion-Making . it could not have be clear that Malfoy really want that lucky day . Harry bend swiftly over the tatter book Slughorn have lend him . to his annoyance he see that the previous owner have scribble all over the page , so that the margin be as black as the printed portion . bend low to decipher the ingredient ( even here , the previous owner have make annotation and cross thing out ) Harry hurry off toward the store cupboard to find what he need . as he dash back to his cauldron , he see Malfoy cut up Valerian root as fast as he could . everyone keep glance around at what the rest of the class be do ; this be both an advantage and a disadvantage of potion , that it be hard to keep your work private . within ten minute , the whole place be full of bluish steam . Hermione , of course , seem to have progress furthest . her potion already resemble the " smooth , black currant-colored liquid " mention as the ideal halfway stage . have finish chop his root , Harry bend low over his book again . it be really very irritate , have to try and decipher the direction under all the stupid scribble of the previous owner , who for some reason have take issue with the order to cut up the sopophorous bean and have write in the alternative instruction : crush with flat side of silver dagger , release juice well than cut . " Sir , I think you know my grandfather , Abraxas Malfoy ? " Harry look up ; Slughorn be just pass the Slytherin table . " yes , " say Slughorn , without look at Malfoy , " I be sorry to hear he have die , although of course it be n't unexpected , dragon pox at his age … " and he walk away . Harry bend back over his cauldron , smirk . he could tell that Malfoy have expect to be treat like Harry or Zabini ; perhaps even hope for some preferential treatment of the type he have learn to expect from Snape . it look as though Malfoy would have to rely on nothing but talent to win the bottle of Felix Felicis . the sopophorous bean be prove very difficult to cut up . Harry turn to Hermione . " can I borrow your silver knife ? " she nod impatiently , not take her eye off her potion , which be still deep purple , though accord to the book ought to be turn a light shade of lilac by now . Harry crush his bean with the flat side of the dagger . to his astonishment , it immediately exude so much juice he be amaze the shrivel bean could have hold it all . hastily scoop it all into the cauldron he see , to his surprise , that the potion immediately turn exactly the shade of lilac describe by the textbook . his annoyance with the previous owner vanish on the spot , Harry now squint at the next line of instruction . accord the book , he have to stir counterclockwise until the potion turn clear as water . accord to the addition the previous owner make , however , he ought to add a clockwise stir after every seventh counterclockwise stir . could the old owner be right twice ? Harry stir counterclockwise , hold his breath , and stir once clockwise . the effect be immediate . the potion turn pale pink . " how be you do that ? " demand Hermione , who be redfaced and whose hair be grow bushy and bushy in the fume from her cauldron ; her potion be still resolutely purple . " add a clockwise stir - " " no , no , the book say counterclockwise ! " she snap . Harry shrug and continue what he be do . seven stir counterdockwise , one clockwise , pause … seven stir counterclockwise , one stir clockwise … across the table , Ron be curse fluently under his breath ; his potion look like liquid licorice . Harry glance around . as far as he could see , no one else 's potion have turn as pale as his . he feel elate , something that have certainly never happen before in this dungeon . " and time 's … up ! " call Slughorn . " stop stir , please ! " Slughorn move slowly among the table , peer into cauldron . he make no comment , but occasionally give the potion a stir or a sniff . at last he reach the table where Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Ernie be sit . he smile ruefully at the tarlike substance in Ron 's cauldron . he pass over Ernie 's navy concoction . Hermione 's potion he give an approve nod . then he see Harry 's , and a look of incredulous delight spread over his face . " the clear winner ! " he cry to the dungeon . " excellent , excellent , Harry ! good lord , it be clear you have inherit your mother 's talent . she be a dab hand at potion , Lily be ! here you be , then , here you be - one bottle of Felix Felicis , as promise , and use it well ! " Harry slip the tiny bottle of golden liquid into his inner pocket , feel an odd combination of delight at the furious look on the Slytherins ' face and guilt at the disappointed expression on Hermione 's . Ron look simply dumbfounded . " how do you do that ? " he whisper to Harry as they leave the dungeon . " get lucky , I suppose , " say Harry , because Malfoy be within earshot . once they be securely ensconce at the Gryffindor table for dinner , however , he feel safe enough to tell them . Hermione 's face become stony with every word he utter . " I s'pose you think I cheat ? " he finish , aggravate by her expression . " well , it be n't exactly your own work , be it ? " she say stiffly . " he only follow different instruction to ours , " say Ron , " could have be a catastrophe , could n't it ? but he take a risk and it pay off . " he heave a sigh . " Slughorn could have hand me that book , but no , I get the one no one be ever write on . puke on , by the look of page fifty-two , but - " " Hang on , " say a voice close by Harry 's leave ear and he catch a sudden waft of that flowery smell he have pick up in Slughorn 's dungeon . he look around and see that Ginny have join them . " do I hear right ? you have be take order from something someone write in a book , Harry ? " she look alarmed and angry . Harry know what be on her mind at once . " it be nothing , " he say reassuringly , lower his voice . " it be not like , you know , Riddle 's diary . it be just an old textbook someone be scribble on . " " but you be do what it say ? " " I just try a few of the tip write in the margin , honestly , Ginny , there be nothing funny - " " Ginny 's get a point , " say Hermione , perk up at once . " we ought to check that there be nothing odd about it . I mean , all these funny instruction , who know ? " " hey ! " say Harry indignantly , as she pull his copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of his bag and raise her wand . " Specialis Revelio ! " she say , rap it smartly on the front cover . nothing whatsoever happen . the book simply lie there , look old and dirty and dog-eared . " finish ? " say Harry irritably . " or d'you want to wait and see if it do a few backflip ? " " it seem all right , " say Hermione , still stare at the book suspiciously . " I mean , it really do seem to be … just a textbook . " " good . then I will have it back , " say Harry , snatch it off the table , but it slip from his hand and land open on the floor . nobody else be look . Harry bend low to retrieve the book , and as he do so , he see something scribble along the bottom of the back cover in the same small , cramped handwriting as the instruction that have win him his bottle of Felix Felicis , now safely hide inside a pair of sock in his trunk upstairs . this book be the property of the Half Blood Prince . chapter TEN the hour of Gaunt for or the rest of the week 's potion lesson Harry continue to follow the Half-Blood Prince 's instruction wherever they deviate from Libatius Borage 's , with the result that by their fourth lesson Slughorn be rave about Harry ability , say that he have rarely teach anyone so talented . neither Ron nor Hermione be delight by this . although Harry have offer to share his book with both of them , Ron have more difficulty decipher the handwriting than Harry do , and could not keep ask Harry to read aloud or it might look suspicious . Hermione , meanwhile , be resolutely plow on with what she call the " official " instruction , but become increasingly bad-tempered as they yield poor result than the Prince 's . Harry wonder vaguely who the Half-Blood Prince have be . although the amount of homework they have be give prevent him from read the whole of his copy of Advanced Potion-Making , he have skim through it sufficiently to see that there be barely a page on which the Prince have not make additional note , not all of them concern with potion-making . here and there be direction for what look like spell that the Prince have make up himself . " or herself , " say Hermione irritably , overhear Harry point some of these out to Ron in the common room on Saturday evening . " it might have be a girl . I think the handwriting look more like a girl be than a boy 's . " " the Half-Blood Prince , he be call , " Harry say . " how many girl have be prince ? " Hermione seem to have no answer to this . she merely scowl and twitch her essay on the Principles of Rematerialization away from Ron , who be try to read it upside down . Harry look at his watch and hurriedly put the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making back into his bag . " it be five to eight , I will well go , I will be late for Dumbledore . " " Ooooh ! " gasp Hermione , look up at once . " good luck ! we will wait up , we want to hear what he teach you ! " " hope it go okay , " say Ron , and the pair of them watch Harry leave through the portrait hole . Harry proceed through desert corridor , though he have to step hastily behind a statue when Professor Trelawney appear around a corner , mutter to herself as she shuffle a pack of dirty-looking playing card , read them as she walk . " two of spade : conflict , " she murmur , as she pass the place where Harry crouch , hide . " seven of spade : an ill omen . ten of spade : violence . knave of spade : a dark young man , possibly troubled , one who dislike the questioner - " she stop dead , right on the other side of Harry 's statue . " well , that ca n't be right , " she say , annoy , and Harry hear her reshuffling vigorously as she set off again , leave nothing but a whiff of cook sherry behind her . Harry wait until he be quite sure she have go , then hurry off again until he reach the spot in the seventh-floor corridor where a single gargoyle stand against the wall . " acid pop , " say Harry , and the gargoyle leap aside ; the wall behind it slide apart , and a move spiral stone staircase be reveal , onto which Harry step , so that he be carry in smooth circle up to the door with the brass knocker that lead to Dumbledore 's Office . Harry knock . " come in , " say Dumbledore S voice . " good evening , sir , " say Harry , walk into the headmaster 's office . " ah , good evening , Harry . sit down , " say Dumbledore , smile . " I hope you have have an enjoyable first week back at school ? " " yes , thanks , sir , " say Harry . " you must have be busy , a detention under your belt already ! " " er , " begin Harry awkwardly , but Dumbledore do not look too stern . " I have arrange with Professor Snape that you will do your detention next Saturday instead . " " right , " say Harry , who have more press matter on his mind than Snapes detention , and now look around surreptitiously for some indication of what Dumbledore be plan to do with him this evening . the circular office look just as it always do ; the delicate silver instrument stand on spindle-legged table , puff-ing smoke and whir ; portrait of previous headmaster and headmistress doze in their frame , and Dumbledore 's magnificent phoenix , Fawkes , stand on his perch behind the door , watch Harry with bright interest . it do not even look as though Dumbledore have clear a space for duel practice . " so , Harry , " say Dumbledore , in a businesslike voice . " you have be wonder , I be sure , what I have plan for you during these - for want of a good word - lesson ? " " yes , sir . " " well , I have decide that it be time , now that you know what prompt Lord Voldemort to try and kill you fifteen year ago , for you to be give certain information . " there be a pause . " you say , at the end of last term , you be go to tell me everything , " say Harry . it be hard to keep a note of accusation from his voice . " Sir , " he add . " and so I do , " say Dumbledore placidly . " I tell you everything I know . from this point forth , we shall be leave the firm foundation of fact and journey together through the murky marsh of memory into thicket of wild guesswork . from here on in , Harry , I may be as woefully wrong as Humphrey Belcher , who believe the time be ripe for a cheese cauldron . " " but you think you be right ? " say Harry . " naturally I do , but as I have already prove to you , I make mistake like the next man . in fact , being - forgive me - rather clever than most man , my mistake tend to be correspondingly huge . " " Sir , " say Harry tentatively , " do what you be go to tell me have anything to do with the prophecy ? will it help me … survive ? " " it have a very great deal to do with the prophecy , " say Dumbledore , as casually as if Harry have ask him about the next day weather , " and I certainly hope that it will help you to survive . " Dumbledore get to his foot and walk around the desk , past Harry , who turn eagerly in his seat to watch Dumbledore bend over the cabinet beside the door . when Dumbledore straighten up , he be hold a familiar shallow stone basin etch with odd marking around its rim . he place the Pensieve on the desk in front of Harry . " you look worry . " Harry have indeed be eye the Pensieve with some apprehension . his previous experience with the odd device that store and reveal thought and memory , though highly instructive , have also be uncomfortable . the last time he have disturb its content , he have see much more than he would have wish . but Dumbledore be smile . " this time , you enter the Pensieve with me … and , even more unusually , with permission . " " where be we go , sir ? " " for a trip down Bob Ogden 's memory lane , " say Dumbledore , pull from his pocket a crystal bottle contain a swirling silvery-white substance . " who be Bob Ogden ? " " he be employ by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement , " say Dumbledore . " he die some time ago , but not before I have track him down and persuade him to confide these recollection to me . we be about to accompany him on a visit he make in the course of his duty . if you will stand , Harry … " but Dumbledore be have difficulty pull out the stopper of the crystal bottle : his injured hand seem stiff and painful . " shall - shall I , sir ? " " no matter , Harry - " Dumbledore point his wand at the bottle and the cork fly out . " Sir - how do you injure your hand ? " Harry ask again , look at the blacken finger with a mixture of revulsion and pity . " now be not the moment for that story , Harry . not yet . we have an appointment with Bob Ogden . " Dumbledore tip the silvery content of the bottle into the Pensieve , where they swirl and shimmer , neither liquid nor gas . " after you , " say Dumbledore , gesture toward the bowl . Harry bend forward , take a deep breath , and plunge his face into the silvery substance . he feel his foot leave the office floor ; he be fall , fall through whirl darkness and then , quite sud-denly , he be blink in dazzling sunlight . before his eye have adjust , Dumbledore land beside him . they be stand in a country lane border by high , tangled hedgerow , beneath a summer sky as bright and blue as a forget-me-not . some ten foot in front of them stand a short , plump man wear enormously thick glass that reduce his eye to molelike speck . he be read a wooden signpost that be stick out of the bramble on the left-hand side of the road . Harry know this must be Ogden ; he be the only person in sight , and he be also wear the strange assortment of clothes so often choose by inexperienced wizard try to look like Muggles : in this case , a frock coat and spat over a striped one-piece bath costume . before Harry have time to do more than register his bizarre appearance , however , Ogden have set off at a brisk walk down the lane . Dumbledore and Harry follow . as they pass the wooden sign , Harry look up at its two arm . the one point back the way they have come read : Great Hangleton , @card@ mile . the arm point after Ogden say Little Hangleton , @card@ mile . they walk a short way with nothing to see but the hedgerow , the wide blue sky overhead and the swish , frock-coated figure ahead . then the lane curve to the left and fall away , slope steeply down a hillside , so that they have a sudden , unexpected view of a whole valley lay out in front of them . Harry could see a village , undoubtedly Little Hangleton , nestle between two steep hill , its church and graveyard clearly visible . across the valley , set on the opposite hillside , be a handsome manor house surround by a wide expanse of velvety green lawn . Ogden have break into a reluctant trot due to the steep downward slope . Dumbledore lengthen his stride , and Harry hurry to keep up . he think Little Hangleton must be their final destination and wonder , as he have do on the night they have find Slughorn , why they have to approach it from such a distance . he soon discover that he be mistake in think that they be go to the village , however . the lane curve to the right and when they round the corner , it be to see the very edge of Ogden 's frock coat vanish through a gap in the hedge . Dumbledore and Harry follow him onto a narrow dirt track border by high and wild hedgerow than those they have leave behind . the path be crooked , rocky , and potholed , slope down-hill like the last one , and it seem to be head for a patch of dark tree a little below them . sure enough , the track soon open up at the copse , and Dumbledore and Harry come to a halt behind Ogden , who have stop and draw his wand . despite the cloudless sky , the old tree ahead cast deep , dark , cool shadow , and it be a few second before Harry 's eye discern the building half-hidden amongst the tangle of trunk . it seem to him a very strange location to choose for a house , or else an odd decision to leave the tree grow nearby , block all light and the view of the valley below . he wonder whether it be inhabit ; its wall be mossy and so many tile have fall off the roof that the rafter be visible in place . Nettles grow all around it , their tip reach the window , which be tiny and thick with grime . just as he have conclude that nobody could possibly live there , however , one of the window be throw open with a clatter , and a thin trickle of steam or smoke issue from it , as though somebody be cooking . Ogden move forward quietly and , it seem to Harry , rather cautiously . as the dark shadow of the tree slide over him , he stop again , stare at the front door , to which somebody have nail a dead snake . then there be a rustle and a crack , and a man in rag drop from the near tree , landing on his foot right in front of Ogden , who leap backward so fast he stand on the tail of his frock coat and stumble . " you be not welcome . " the man stand before them have thick hair so mat with dirt it could have be any color . several of his tooth be miss . his eye be small and dark and stare in opposite direction . he might have look comical , but he do not ; the effect be frighten-ing , and Harry could not blame Ogden for back away several more pace before he speak . " er - good morning . I be from the Ministry of Magic - " " you be not welcome . " " er - I be sorry - I do n't understand you , " say Ogden nervously . Harry think Ogden be be extremely dim ; the stranger be make himself very clear in Harry 's opinion , particularly as he be brandish a wand in one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the other . " you understand him , I be sure , Harry ? " say Dumbledore quietly . " yes , of course , " say Harry , slightly nonplus . " why ca n't Ogden - ? " but as his eye find the dead snake on the door again , he suddenly understand . " he be speak Parseltongue ? " " very good , " say Dumbledore , nod and smile . the man in rag be now advance on Ogden , knife in one hand , wand in the other . " now , look - " Ogden begin , but too late : there be a bang , and Ogden be on the ground , clutch his nose , while a nasty yellowish goo squirt from between his finger . " Morfin ! " say a loud voice . an elderly man have come hurry out of the cottage , bang the door behind him so that the dead snake swing pathetically . this man be short than the first , and oddly proportion ; his shoulder be very broad and his arm overlong , which , with his bright brown eye , short scrubby hair , and wrinkle face , give him the look of a powerful , aged monkey . he come to a halt beside the man with the knife , who be now cackle with laughter at the sight of Ogden on the ground . " Ministry , be it ? " say the old man , look down at Ogden . " correct ! " say Ogden angrily , dab his face . " and you , I take it , be Mr. Gaunt ? " " S'right , " say Gaunt . " got you in the face , do he ? " " yes , he do ! " snap Ogden . " should have make your presence know , should n't you ? " say Gaunt aggressively . " this be private property . can n't just walk in here and not expect my son to defend himself . " " defend himself against what , man ? " say Ogden , clamber back to his foot . " busybody . intruder . Muggles and filth . " Ogden point his wand at his own nose , which be still issue large amount of what look like yellow pus , and the flow stop at once . Mr. Gaunt speak out of the corner of his mouth to Morfin . " get in the house . do n't argue . " this time , ready for it , Harry recognize Parseltongue ; even while he could understand what be be say , he distinguish the weird hiss noise that be all Ogden could hear . Morfin seem to be on the point of disagree , but when his father cast him a threatening look he change his mind , lumber away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and slam the front door behind him , so that the snake swing sadly again . " it be your son I be here to see , Mr. Gaunt , " say Ogden , as he mop the last of the pus from the front of his coat . " that be Morfin , be n't it ? " " ah , that be Morfin , " say the old man indifferently . " be you pure-blood ? " he ask , suddenly aggressive . " that be neither here nor there , " say Ogden coldly , and Harry feel his respect for Ogden rise . apparently Gaunt feel rather differently . he squint into Ogden 's face and mutter , in what be clearly suppose to be an offensive tone , " now I come to think about it , I have see nose like yours down in the village . " " I do n't doubt it , if your son have be let loose on them , " say Ogden . " perhaps we could continue this discussion inside ? " " inside ? " " yes , Mr. Gaunt . I have already tell you . I be here about Morfin . we send an owl - " " I have no use for owl , " say Gaunt . " I do n't open letter . " " then you can hardly complain that you get no warning of visitor , " say Ogden tartly . " I be here follow a serious breach of Wizarding law , which occur here in the early hour of this morning - " " all right , all right , all right ! " bellow Gaunt . " come in the bleed house , then , and much good it will do you ! " the house seem to contain three tiny room . two door lead off the main room , which serve as kitchen and living room com-bined . Morfin be sit in a filthy armchair beside the smoking fire , twist a live adder between his thick finger and croon softly at it in Parseltongue : Hissy , hissy , little snakey , Slither on the floor you be good to Morfin or he will nail you to the door . there be a scuffle noise in the corner beside the open window , and Harry realize that there be somebody else in the room , a girl whose ragged gray dress be the exact color of the dirty stone wall behind her . she be stand beside a steam pot on a grimy black stove , and be fiddle around with the shelf of squalid-looking pot and pan above it . her hair be lank and dull and she have a plain , pale , rather heavy face . her eye , like her brother 's , stare in opposite direction . she look a little cleaner than the two man , but Harry think he have never see a more defeated-looking person . " M'daughter , Merope , " say Gaunt grudgingly , as Ogden look inquiringly toward her . " good morning , " say Ogden . she do not answer , but with a frightened glance at her father turn her back on the room and continue shift the pot on the shelf behind her . " well , Mr. Gaunt , " say Ogden , " to get straight to the point , we have reason to believe that your son , Morfin , perform magic in front of a Muggle late last night . " there be a deafen clang . Merope have drop one of the pot . " pick it up ! " Gaunt bellow at her . " that be it , grub on the floor like some filthy Muggle , what have your wand for , you useless sack of muck ? " " Mr. Gaunt , please ! " say Ogden in a shocked voice , as Merope , who have already pick up the pot , flush blotchily scarlet , lose her grip on the pot again , draw her wand shakily from her pocket , point it at the pot , and mutter a hasty , inaudible spell that cause the pot to shoot across the floor away from her , hit the opposite wall , and crack in two . Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter . Gaunt scream , " Mend it , you pointless lump , mend it ! " Merope stumble across the room , but before she have time to raise her wand , Ogden have lift his own and say firmly , " Reparo . " the pot mend itself instantly . Gaunt look for a moment as though he be go to shout at Ogden , but seem to think good of it : instead , he jeer at his daughter , " Lucky the nice man from the Ministry 's here , be n't it ? perhaps he will take you off my hand , perhaps he do n't mind dirty Squibs … " without look at anybody or thank Ogden , Merope pick up the pot and return it , hand tremble , to its shelf . she then stand quite still , her back against the wall between the filthy window and the stove , as though she wish for nothing more than to sink into the stone and vanish . " Mr. Gaunt , " Ogden begin again , " as I have say : the reason for my visit - " " I hear you the first time ! " snap Gaunt . " and so what ? Morfin give a Muggle a bit of what be come to him - what about it , then ? " " Morfin have break Wizarding law , " say Ogden sternly . " ' Morfin have break Wizarding law . ' " Gaunt imitate Ogden 's voice , make it pompous and singsong . Morfin cackle again . " he teach a filthy Muggle a lesson , that be illegal now , be it ? " " yes , " say Ogden . " I be afraid it be . " he pull from an inside pocket a small scroll of parchment and unroll it . " what be that , then , his sentence ? " say Gaunt , his voice rise angrily . " it be a summons to the Ministry for a hearing - " " Summons ! summons ? who do you think you be , summon my son anywhere ? " " I be Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad , " say Ogden . " and you think we be scum , do you ? " scream Gaunt , advance on Ogden now , with a dirty yellow-nailed finger point at his chest . " scum who will come running when the Ministry tell ' em to ? do you know who you be talk to , you filthy little Mudblood , do you ? " " I be under the impression that I be speak to Mr. Gaunt , " say Ogden , look wary , but stand his ground . " that be right ! " roar Gaunt . for a moment , Harry think Gaunt be make an obscene hand gesture , but then realize that he be show Ogden the ugly , black-stoned ring he be wear on his middle finger , wave it before Ogden 's eye . " see this ? see this ? know what it be ? know where it come from ? century it have be in our family , that be how far back we go , and pure-blood all the way ! know how much I have be offer for this , with the Peverell coat of arm engrave on the stone ? " " I have really no idea , " say Ogden , blink as the ring sail within an inch of his nose , " and it be quite beside the point , Mr. Gaunt . your son have commit - " with a howl of rage , Gaunt run toward his daughter . for a split second , Harry think he be go to throttle her as his hand fly to her throat ; next moment , he be drag her toward Ogden by a gold chain around her neck . " see this ? " he bellow at Ogden , shake a heavy gold locket at him , while Merope splutter and gasp for breath . " I see it , I see it ! " say Ogden hastily . " Slytherins ! " yell Gaunt . " Salazar Slytherin 's ! we be his last living descendant , what do you say to that , eh ? " " Mr. Gaunt , your daughter ! " say Ogden in alarm , but Gaunt have already release Merope ; she stagger away from him , back to her corner , massage her neck and gulp for air . " so ! " say Gaunt triumphantly , as though he have just prove a complicated point beyond all possible dispute . " do n't you go talk to us as if we be dirt on your shoe ! generation of purebloods , wizard all - more than you can say , I do n't doubt ! " and he spit on the floor at Ogdens foot . Morfin cackle again . Merope , huddle beside the window , her head bow and her face hide by her lank hair , say nothing . " Mr. Gaunt , " say Ogden doggedly , " I be afraid that neither your ancestor nor mine have anything to do with the matter in hand . I be here because of Morfin , Morfin and the Muggle he accost late last night . our information " - he glance down at his scroll of parchment - " be that Morfin perform a jinx or hex on the say Muggle , cause him to erupt in highly painful hive . " Morfin giggle . " be quiet , boy , " snarl Gaunt in Parseltongue , and Morfin fall silent again . " and so what if he do , then ? " Gaunt say defiantly to Ogden , " I expect you have wipe the Muggle 's filthy face clean for him , and his memory to boot - " " that be hardly the point , be it , Mr. Gaunt ? " say Ogden . " this be an unprovoked attack on a defenseless - " " Ar , I have you mark out as a Muggle-lover the moment I see you , " sneer Gaunt , and he spit on the floor again . " this discussion be get us nowhere , " say Ogden firmly . " it be clear from your son 's attitude that he feel no remorse for his action . " he glance down at his scroll of parchment again . " Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the charge of use magic in front of a Muggle and cause harm and distress to that same Mugg - " Ogden break off . the jingle , clop sound of horse and loud , laughing voice be drift in through the open window . apparently the wind lane to the village pass very close to the copse where the house stand . Gaunt freeze , listen , his eye wide . Morfin hiss and turn his face toward the sound , his expression hungry . Merope raise her head . her face , Harry see , be starkly white . " My God , what an eyesore ! " ring out a girl 's voice , as clearly audible through the open window as if she have stand in the room beside them . " could n't your father have that hovel clear away , Tom ? " " it be not ours , " say a young man 's voice . " everything on the other side of the valley belong to us , but that cottage belong to an old tramp call Gaunt , and his child . the son be quite mad , you should hear some of the story they tell in the village - " the girl laugh . the jingle , clop noise be grow loud and loud . Morfin make to get out of his armchair . " keep your seat , " say his father warningly , in Parseltongue . " Tom , " say the girl 's voice again , now so close they be clearly right beside the house , " I might be wrong - but have somebody nail a snake to that door ? " " good lord , you be right ! " say the man 's voice . " that will be the son , I tell you he be not right in the head . do n't look at it , Cecilia , darling . " the jingle and clop sound be now grow faint again . " ' Darling , ' " whisper Morfin in Parseltongue , look at his sister . " ' Darling , he call her . so he would n't have you anyway . " Merope be so white Harry feel sure she be go to faint . " what be that ? " say Gaunt sharply , also in Parseltongue , look from his son to his daughter . " what do you say , Morfin ? " " she like look at that Muggle , " say Morfin , a vicious expression on his face as he stare at his sister , who now look terrify . " always in the garden when he pass , peer through the hedge at him , be n't she ? and last night - " Merope shake her head jerkily , imploringly , but Morfin go on ruthlessly , " hang out of the window wait for him to ride home , be n't she ? " " hang out of the window to look at a Muggle ? " say Gaunt quietly . all three of the Gaunts seem to have forget Ogden , who be look both bewilder and irritate at this renewed outbreak of incomprehensible hiss and rasp . " be it true ? " say Gaunt in a deadly voice , advance a step or two toward the terrify girl . " my daughter - pure-blooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin - hanker after a filthy , dirt-veined Muggle ? " Merope shake her head frantically , press herself into the wall , apparently unable to speak . " but I get him , Father ! " cackle Morfin . " I get him as he go by and he do n't look so pretty with hive all over him , do he , Merope ? " " you disgusting little squib , you filthy little blood traitor ! " roar Gaunt , lose control , and his hand close around his daughter 's throat . both Harry and Ogden yell " no ! " at the same time ; Ogden raise his wand and cry , " Relashio ! " Gaunt be throw backward , away from his daughter ; he trip over a chair and fall flat on his back . with a roar of rage , Morfin leap out of his chair and run at Ogden , brandish his bloody knife and firing hex indiscriminately from his wand . Ogden run for his life . Dumbledore indicate that they ought to follow and Harry obey , Merope 's scream echo in his ear . Ogden hurtle up the path and erupt onto the main lane , his arm over his head , where he collide with the glossy chestnut horse ride by a very handsome , dark-haired young man . both he and the pretty girl ride beside him on a gray horse roar with laughter at the sight of Ogden , who bounce off the horse 's flank and set off again , his frock coat fly , cover from head to foot in dust , run pell-mell up the lane . " I think that will do , Harry , " say Dumbledore . he take Harry by the elbow and tug . next moment , they be both soar weightlessly through darkness , until they land squarely on their foot , back in Dumbledore 's now twilit office . " what happen to the girl in the cottage ? " say Harry at once , as Dumbledore light extra lamp with a flick of his wand . " Merope , or whatever her name be ? " " oh , she survive , " say Dumbledore , reseat himself behind his desk and indicate that Harry should sit down too . " Ogden Apparated back to the Ministry and return with reinforcement within fifteen minute . Morfin and his father attempt to fight , but both be overpower , remove from the cottage , and subsequently convict by the Wizengamot . Morfin , who already have a record of Muggle attack , be sentence to three year in Azkaban . Marvolo , who have injure several Ministry employee in addition to Ogden , receive six month . " " Marvolo ? " Harry repeat wonderingly . " that be right , " say Dumbledore , smile in approval . " I be glad to see you be keep up . " " that old man be - ? " " Voldemort 's grandfather , yes , " say Dumbledore . " Marvolo , his son , Morfin , and his daughter , Merope , be the last of the Gaunts , a very ancient Wizarding family note for a vein of instability and violence that flourish through the generation due to their habit of marry their own cousin . lack of sense couple with a great liking for grandeur mean that the family gold be squander several generation before Marvolo be bear . he , as you see , be leave in squalor and poverty , with a very nasty temper , a fantastic amount of arrogance and pride , and a couple of family heirloom that he treasure just as much as his son , and rather more than his daughter . " " so Merope , " say Harry , lean forward in his chair and star-ing at Dumbledore , " so Merope be … Sir , do that mean she be … Voldemort 's mother ? " " it do , " say Dumbledore . " and it so happen that we also have a glimpse of Voldemort 's father . I wonder whether you notice ? " " the Muggle Morfin attack ? the man on the horse ? " " very good indeed , " say Dumbledore , beaming . " yes , that be Tom Riddle senior , the handsome Muggle who use to go ride past the Gaunt cottage and for whom Merope Gaunt cherish a secret , burn passion . " " and they end up married ? " Harry say in disbelief , unable to imagine two people less likely to fall in love . " I think you be forget , " say Dumbledore , " that Merope be a witch . I do not believe that her magical power appear to their good advantage when she be be terrorize by her father . once Marvolo and Morfin be safely in Azkaban , once she be alone and free for the first time in her life , then , I be sure , she be able to give full rein to her ability and to plot her escape from the desperate life she have lead for eighteen year . " can you not think of any measure Merope could have take to make Tom Riddle forget his Muggle companion , and fall in love with her instead ? " " the Imperius Curse ? " Harry suggest . " or a love potion ? " " very good . personally , I be incline to think that she use a love potion . I be sure it would have seem more romantic to her , and I do not think it would have be very difficult , some hot day , when Riddle be ride alone , to persuade him to take a drink of water . in any case , within a few month of the scene we have just witness , the village of Little Hangleton enjoy a tremendous scandal . you can imagine the gossip it cause when the squire 's son run off with the tramp 's daughter , Merope . " but the villager ' shock be nothing to Marvolo 's . he return from Azkaban , expect to find his daughter dutifully await his return with a hot meal ready on his table . instead , he find a clear inch of dust and her note of farewell , explain what she have do . " from all that I have be able to discover , he never mention her name or existence from that time forth . the shock of her desertion may have contribute to his early death - or perhaps he have simply never learn to feed himself . Azkaban have greatly weaken Marvolo , and he do not live to see Morfin return to the cottage . " " and Merope ? she … she die , do n't she ? be n't Voldemort bring up in an orphanage ? " " yes , indeed , " say Dumbledore . " we must do a certain amount of guess here , although I do not think it be difficult to deduce what happen . you see , within a few month of their runaway marriage , Tom Riddle reappear at the manor house in Little Hangleton without his wife . the rumor fly around the neighborhood that he be talk of be ' hoodwink ' and ' take in . ' what he mean , I be sure , be that he have be under an enchantment that have now lift , though I daresay he do not dare use those precise word for fear of be think insane . when they hear what he be say , however , the villager guess that Merope have lie to Tom Riddle , pretend that she be go to have his baby , and that he have marry her for this reason . " " but she do have his baby . " " but not until a year after they be marry . Tom Riddle leave her while she be still pregnant . " " what go wrong ? " ask Harry . " why do the love potion stop working ? " " again , this be guesswork , " say Dumbledore , " but I believe that Merope , who be deeply in love with her husband , could not bear to continue enslave him by magical mean . I believe that she make the choice to stop give him the potion . perhaps , besotted as she be , she have convince herself that he would by now have fall in love with her in return . perhaps she think he would stay for the baby 's sake . if so , she be wrong on both count . he leave her , never see her again , and never troubled to discover what become of his son . " the sky outside be inky black and the lamp in Dumbledore 's office seem to glow more brightly than before . " I think that will do for tonight , Harry , " say Dumbledore after a moment or two . " yes , sir , " say Harry . he get to his foot , but do not leave . " Sir … be it important to know all this about Voldemort 's past ? " " very important , I think , " say Dumbledore . " and it … it have get something to do with the prophecy ? " " it have everything to do with the prophecy . " " right , " say Harry , a little confuse , but reassure all the same . he turn to go , then another question occur to him , and he turn back again . " Sir , be I allow to tell Ron and Hermione everything you have tell me ? " Dumbledore consider him for a moment , then say , " Yes , I think Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger have prove themselves trust-worthy . but Harry , I be go to ask you to ask them not to repeat any of this to anybody else . it would not be a good idea if word get around how much I know , or suspect , about Lord Voldemort 's secret . " " no , sir , I will make sure it be just Ron and Hermione . good night . " he turn away again , and be almost at the door when he see it . sit on one of the little spindle-legged table that support so many frail-looking silver instrument , be an ugly gold ring set with a large , cracked , black stone . " Sir , " say Harry , stare at it . " that ring - " " Yes ? " say Dumbledore . " you be wear it when we visit Professor Slughorn that night . " " so I be , " Dumbledore agree . " but be n't it … sir , be n't it the same ring Marvolo Gaunt show Ogden ? " Dumbledore bow his head . " the very same . " " but how come - ? have you always have it ? " " no , I acquire it very recently , " say Dumbledore . " a few day before I come to fetch you from your aunt and uncle be , in fact . " " that would be around the time you injure your hand , then , sir ? " " around that time , yes , Harry . " Harry hesitate . Dumbledore be smile . " Sir , how exactly - ? " " too late , Harry ! you shall hear the story another time . good night . " " good night , sir . " chapter ELEVEN Hermione 's Helping Hand as Hermione have predict , the sixth year ' free period be not the hour of blissful relaxation Ron have anticipate , but time in which to attempt to keep up with the vast amount of homework they be be set . not only be they study as though they have exam every day , but the lesson themselves have become more demanding than ever before . Harry barely understand half of what Professor McGonagall say to them these day ; even Hermione have have to ask her to repeat instruction once or twice . incredibly , and to Hermione 's increase resentment , Harry 's good subject have suddenly become potion , thanks to the Half-Blood Prince . nonverbal spell be now expect , not only in Defense against the Dark Arts , but in Charms and Transfiguration too . Harry frequently look over at his classmate in the common room or at mealtime to see them purple in the face and strain as though they have overdose on U-NoPoo ; but he know that they be really struggle to make spell work without say incantation aloud . it be a relief to get outside into the greenhouse ; they be deal with more dangerous plant than ever in Herbology , but at least they be still allow to swear loudly if the Venomous Tentacula seize them unexpectedly from behind . one result of their enormous workload and the frantic hour of practice nonverbal spell be that Harry , Ron , and Hermione have so far be unable to find time to go and visit Hagrid . he have stop come to meal at the staff table , an ominous sign , and on the few occasion when they have pass him in the corridor or out in the ground , he have mysteriously fail to notice them or hear their greeting . " we have get to go and explain , " say Hermione , look up at Hagrid 's huge empty chair at the staff table the follow Saturday at breakfast . " we have get Quidditch tryout this morning ! " say Ron . " and we be suppose to be practice that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick ! anyway , explain what ? how be we go to tell him we hate his stupid subject ? " " we do n't hate it ! " say Hermione . " speak for yourself , I have n't forget the skrewts , " say Ron darkly . " and I be tell you now , we have have a narrow escape . you do n't hear him go on about his gormless brother - we will have be teach Grawp how to tie his shoelace if we have stay . " " I hate not talk to Hagrid , " say Hermione , look upset . " we will go down after Quidditch , " Harry assure her . he too be miss Hagrid , although like Ron he think that they be well off without Grawp in their life . " but trial might take all morning , the number of people who have apply . " he feel slightly nervous at confront the first hurdle of his captaincy . " I dunno why the team be this popular all of a sudden . " " oh , come on , Harry , " say Hermione , suddenly impatient . " it be not Quidditch that be popular , it be you ! you have never be more interesting , and frankly , you have never be more fanciable . " Ron gag on a large piece of kipper . Hermione spare him one look of disdain before turn back to Harry . " everyone know you have be tell the truth now , do n't they ? the whole Wizarding world have have to admit that you be right about Voldemort be back and that you really have fight him twice in the last two year and escape both time . and now they be call you ' the Chosen one ' - well , come on , ca n't you see why people be fascinate by you ? " Harry be find the Great Hall very hot all of a sudden , even though the ceiling still look cold and rainy . " and you have be through all that persecution from the Ministry when they be try to make out you be unstable and a liar . you can still see the mark on the back of your hand where that evil woman make you write with your own blood , but you stick to your story anyway … " " you can still see where those brain get hold of me in the Ministry , look , " say Ron , shake back his sleeve . " and it do n't hurt that you have grow about a foot over the summer either , " Hermione finish , ignore Ron . " I be tall , " say Ron inconsequentially . the post owl arrive , swoop down through rain-flecked window , scatter everyone with droplet of water . most people be receive more post than usual ; anxious parent be keen to hear from their child and to reassure them , in turn , that all be well at home . Harry have receive no mail since the start of term ; his only regular correspondent be now dead and although he have hope that Lupin might write occasionally , he have so far be disappoint . he be very surprise , therefore , to see the snowy white Hedwig circle amongst all the brown and gray owl . she land in front of him carry a large , square package . a moment later , an identical package land in front of Ron , crush beneath it his minuscule and exhaust owl , Pigwidgeon . " Ha ! " say Harry , unwrap the parcel to reveal a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making , fresh from Flourish and Blotts . " oh good , " say Hermione , delight . " now you can give that graffitied copy back . " " be you mad ? " say Harry . " I be keep it ! look , I have think it out - " he pull the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of his bag and tap the cover with his wand , mutter , " Diffindo ! " the cover fall off . he do the same thing with the brand-new book ( Hermione look scandalize ) . he then swap the cover , tap each , and say , " Reparo ! " there sit the Prince 's copy , disguise as a new book , and there sit the fresh copy from Flourish and Blotts , look thoroughly secondhand . " I will give Slughorn back the new one , he ca n't complain , it cost nine Galleons . " Hermione press her lip together , look angry and disapprove , but be distract by a third owl landing in front of her carry that day 's copy of the Daily Prophet . she unfold it hastily and scan the front page . " anyone we know dead ? " ask Ron in a determinedly casual voice ; he pose the same question every time Hermione open her paper . " no , but there have be more dementor attack , " say Hermione . " and an arrest . " " excellent , who ? " say Harry , think of Bellatrix Lestrange . " Stan Shunpike , " say Hermione . " what ? " say Harry , startle . " ' Stanley Shunpike , conductor on the popular Wizarding conveyance the Knight Bus , have be arrest on suspicion of Death Eater activity . Mr. Shunpike , @card@ , be take into custody late last night after a raid on his Clapham home … ' " " Stan Shunpike , a Death Eater ? " say Harry , remember the spotty youth he have first meet three year before . " no way ! " " he might have be put under the Imperius Curse , " say Ron reasonably . " you never can tell . " " it do n't look like it , " say Hermione , who be still read . " it say here he be arrest after he be overhear talk about the Death Eaters ' secret plan in a pub . " she look up with a troubled expression on her face . " if he be under the Imperius Curse , he will hardly stand around gossip about their plan , would he ? " " it sound like he be try to make out he know more than he do , " say Ron . " be n't he the one who claim he be go to become Minister of Magic when he be try to chat up those veela ? " " yeah , that be him , " say Harry . " I dunno what they be play at , take Stan seriously . " " they probably want to look as though they be do something , " say Hermione , frown . " people be terrify - you know the Patil twin ' parent want them to go home ? and Eloise Midgen have already be withdraw . her father pick her up last night . " " what ! " say Ron , goggle at Hermione . " but Hogwarts be safe than their home , bind to be ! we have get Aurors , and all those extra protective spell , and we have get Dumbledore ! " " I do n't think we have get him all the time , " say Hermione very quietly , glance toward the staff table over the top of the Prophet . " have n't you notice ? his seat have be empty as often as Hagrid be this past week . " Harry and Ron look up at the staff table . the headmaster 's chair be indeed empty . now Harry come to think of it , he have not see Dumbledore since their private lesson a week ago . " I think he be leave the school to do something with the order , " say Hermione in a low voice . " I mean … it be all look serious , be n't it ? " Harry and Ron do not answer , but Harry know that they be all think the same thing . there have be a horrible incident the day before , when Hannah Abbott have be take out of Herbology to be tell her mother have be find dead . they have not see Hannah since . when they leave the Gryffindor table five minute later to head down to the Quidditch pitch , they pass Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil . remember what Hermione have say about the Patil twin ' parent want them to leave Hogwarts , Harry be unsurprised to see that the two good friend be whisper together , look distressed . what do surprise him be that when Ron draw level with them , Parvati suddenly nudge Lavender , who look around and give Ron a wide smile . Ron blink at her , then return the smile uncertainly . his walk instantly become something more like a strut . Harry resist the temptation to laugh , remember that Ron have refrain from do so after Malfoy have break Harry 's nose ; Hermione , however , look cold and distant all the way down to the stadium through the cool , misty drizzle , and depart to find a place in the stand without wish Ron good luck . as Harry have expect , the trial take most of the morning . half of Gryffindor House seem to have turn up , from first year who be nervously clutch a selection of the dreadful old school broom , to seventh year who towered over the rest , look coolly intimidating . the latter include a large , wiry-haired boy Harry recognize immediately from the Hogwarts Express . " we meet on the train , in old Sluggy 's compartment , " he say confidently , step out of the crowd to shake Harry 's hand . " Cormac McLaggen , Keeper . " " you do n't try out last year , do you ? " ask Harry , take note of the breadth of McLaggen and think that he would probably block all three goal hoop without even move . " I be in the hospital wing when they hold the trial , " say McLaggen , with something of a swagger . " eat a pound of doxy egg for a bet . " " right , " say Harry . " well … if you wait over there … " he point over to the edge of the pitch , close to where Hermione be sit . he think he see a flicker of annoyance pass over McLaggen 's face and wonder whether McLaggen expect preferential treatment because they be both " old Sluggy 's " favorite . Harry decide to start with a basic test , ask all applicant for the team to divide into group of ten and fly once around the pitch . this be a good decision : the first ten be make up of first year , and it could not have be plain that they have hardly ever flow before . only one boy manage to remain airborne for more than a few second , and he be so surprise he promptly crash into one of the goal post . the second group be comprise of ten of the silly girl Harry have ever encounter , who , when he blow his whistle , merely fall about giggle and clutch one another . Romilda Vane be amongst them . when he tell them to leave the pitch , they do so quite cheerfully and go to sit in the stand to heckle everyone else . the third group have a pileup halfway around the pitch . most of the fourth group have come without broomstick . the fifth group be Hufflepuffs . " if there be anyone else here who be not from Gryffindor , " roar Harry , who be start to get seriously annoyed , " leave now , please ! there be a pause , then a couple of little Ravenclaws go sprint off the pitch , snort with laughter . after two hour , many complaint , and several tantrum , one involve a crash Comet Two Sixty and several break tooth , Harry have find himself three chaser : Katie Bell , return to the team after an excellent trial ; a new find call Demelza Robins , who be particularly good at dodge Bludgers ; and Ginny Weasley , who have outflown all the competition and score seventeen goal to boot . please though he be with his choice , Harry have also shout himself hoarse at the many complainer and be now endure a similar battle with the reject Beaters . " that be my final decision and if you do n't get out of the way of the Keepers I will hex you , " he bellow . neither of his chosen Beaters have the old brilliance of Fred and George , but he be still reasonably pleased with them : Jimmy Peakes , a short but broad-chested third-year boy who have manage to raise a lump the size of an egg on the back of Harry 's head with a ferociously hit Bludger , and Ritchie Coote , who look weedy but aim well . they now join Katie , Demelza , and Ginny in the stand to watch the selection of their last team member . Harry have deliberately leave the trial of the Keepers until last , hope for an empty stadium and less pressure on all concerned . unfortunately , however , all the reject player and a number of people who have come down to watch after a lengthy breakfast have join the crowd by now , so that it be large than ever . as each Keeper fly up to the goal hoop , the crowd roar and jeer in equal measure . Harry glance over at Ron , who have always have a problem with nerve ; Harry have hope that win their final match last term might have cure it , but apparently not : Ron be a delicate shade of green . none of the first five applicant save more than two goal apiece . to Harry 's great disappointment , Cormac McLaggen save four penalty out of five . on the last one , however , he shoot off in completely the wrong direction ; the crowd laugh and boo and McLaggen return to the ground grind his tooth . Ron look ready to pass out as he mount his Cleansweep Eleven . " good luck ! " cry a voice from the stand . Harry look around , expect to see Hermione , but it be Lavender Brown . he would have quite like to have hide his face in his hand , as she do a moment later , but think that as the Captain he ought to show slightly more grit , and so turn to watch Ron do his trial . yet he need not have worry : Ron save one , two , three , four , five penalty in a row . delighted , and resist join in the cheer of the crowd with difficulty , Harry turn to McLaggen to tell him that , most unfortunately , Ron have beat him , only to find McLaggen 's red face inch from his own . he step back hastily . " his sister do n't really try , " say McLaggen menacingly . there be a vein pulse in his temple like the one Harry have often ad-mired in Uncle Vernon 's . " she give him an easy save . " " rubbish , " say Harry coldly . " that be the one he nearly miss . " McLaggen take a step near Harry , who stand his ground this time . " give me another go . " " no , " say Harry . " you have have your go . you save four . Ron save five . Ron 's Keeper , he win it fair and square . get out of my way . " he think for a moment that McLaggen might punch him , but he content himself with an ugly grimace and storm away , growl what sound like threat to thin air . Harry turn around to find his new team beam at him . " well do , " he croak . " you fly really well - " " you do brilliantly , Ron ! " this time it really be Hermione run toward them from the stand ; Harry see Lavender walk off the pitch , arm in arm with Parvati , a rather grumpy expression on her face . Ron look extremely pleased with himself and even tall than usual as he grin at the team and at Hermione . after fix the time of their first full practice for the follow Thursday , Harry , Ron , and Hermione bid good-bye to the rest of the team and head off toward Hagrid 's . a watery sun be try to break through the cloud now and it have stop drizzle at last . Harry feel extremely hungry ; he hope there would be some-thing to eat at Hagrid 's . " I think I be go to miss that fourth penalty , " Ron be say happily . " tricky shot from Demelza , do you see , have a bit of spin on it - " " Yes , yes , you be magnificent , " say Hermione , look amuse . " I be well than that McLaggen anyway , " say Ron in a highly satisfied voice . " do you see him lumber off in the wrong direction on his fifth ? look like he have be Confunded … " to Harry 's surprise , Hermione turn a very deep shade of pink at these word . Ron notice nothing ; he be too busy describe each of his other penalty in loving detail . the great gray hippogriff , Buckbeak , be tether in front of Hagrid 's cabin . he click his razor-sharp beak at their approach and turn his huge head toward them . " oh dear , " say Hermione nervously . " he be still a bit scary , be n't he ? " " come off it , you have ride him , have n't you ? " say Ron . Harry step forward and bow low to the hippogriff without break eye contact or blink . after a few second , Buckbeak sink into a bow too . " how be you ? " Harry ask him in a low voice , move forward to stroke the feathery head . " miss him ? but you be okay here with Hagrid , be n't you ? " " Oy ! " say a loud voice . Hagrid have come stride around the corner of his cabin wear a large flowery apron and carry a sack of potato . his enormous boarhound , Fang , be at his heel ; Fang give a booming bark and bound forward . " git away from him ! he will have yer finger - oh . it be yeh lot . " Fang be jump up at Hermione and Ron , attempt to lick their ear . Hagrid stand and look at them all for a split second , then turn and stride into his cabin , slam the door behind him . " oh dear ! " say Hermione , look strike . " do n't worry about it , " say Harry grimly . he walk over to the door and knock loudly . " Hagrid ! open up , we want to talk to you ! " there be no sound from within . " if you do n't open the door , we will blast it open ! " Harry say , pull out his wand . " Harry ! " say Hermione , sound shock . " you ca n't possibly - " " Yeah , I can ! " say Harry . " stand back - " but before he could say anything else , the door fly open again as Harry have know it would , and there stand Hagrid , glower down at him and look , despite the flowery apron , positively alarming . " I be a teacher ! " he roar at Harry . " a teacher , Potter ! how dare yeh threaten ter break down my door ! " " I be sorry , sir " say Harry , emphasize the last word as he stow his wand inside his robe . Hagrid look stun . " since when have yeh call me ' sir ' ? " " since when have you call me ' Potter ' ? " " oh , very clever , " growl Hagrid . " very amusin ' . that be me outsmart , innit ? all righ ' , come in then , yeh ungrateful little … " mumble darkly , he stand back to let them pass . Hermione scurry in after Harry , look rather frightened . " well ? " say Hagrid grumpily , as Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit down around his enormous wooden table , Fang lay his head immediately upon Harry 's knee and drool all over his robe . " what be this ? Feelin ' sorry for me ? reckon I be lonely or summat ? " " no , " say Harry at once . " we want to see you . " " we have miss you ! " say Hermione tremulously . " miss me , have yeh ? " snort Hagrid . " yeah . Righ ' . " he stomp around , brew up tea in his enormous copper kettle , mutter all the while . finally he slam down three bucket-sized mug of mahogany-brown tea in front of them and a plate of his rock cake . Harry be hungry enough even for Hagrid 's cooking , and take one at once . " Hagrid , " say Hermione timidly , when he join them at the table and start peel his potato with a brutality that suggest that each tuber have do him a great personal wrong , " we really want to carry on with Care of Magical Creatures , you know . " Hagrid give another great snort . Harry rather think some bogey land on the potato , and be inwardly thankful that they be not stay for dinner . " we do ! " say Hermione . " but none of us could fit it into our schedule ! " " yeah . Righ ' , " say Hagrid again . there be a funny squelch sound and they all look around : Hermione let out a tiny shriek , and Ron leap out of his seat and hurry around the table away from the large barrel standing in the corner that they have only just notice . it be full of what look like foot-long maggot , slimy , white , and writhe . " what be they , Hagrid ? " ask Harry , try to sound interested rather than revolt , but put down his rock cake all the same . " jus ' giant grub , " say Hagrid . " and they grow into … ? " say Ron , look apprehensive . " they win ' grow inter nuthin ' , " say Hagrid . " I get ' em ter feed ter Aragog . " and without warning , he burst into tear . " Hagrid ! " cry Hermione , leap up , hurry around the table the long way to avoid the barrel of maggot , and put an arm around his shake shoulder . " what be it ? " " it be … him … " gulp Hagrid , his beetle-black eye stream-ing as he mop his face with his apron . " it be … Aragog … I think he be dyin ' … he get ill over the summer an ' he be not gettin ' good … I don ' know what I will do if he … if he … we have bin tergether so long … " Hermione pat Hagrid 's shoulder , look at a complete loss for anything to say . Harry know how she feel . he have know Hagrid to present a vicious baby dragon with a teddy bear , see him croon over giant scorpion with sucker and stinger , attempt to reason with his brutal giant of a half-brother , but this be perhaps the most incomprehensible of all his monster fancy : the gigantic talk spider , Aragog , who dwell deep in the Forbidden Forest and which he and Ron have only narrowly escape four year previously . " be there - be there anything we can do ? " Hermione ask , ignore Ron 's frantic grimace and head-shakings . " I don ' think there be , Hermione , " choke Hagrid , attempt to stem the flood of his tear . " see , the rest o ' the tribe … Aragog 's family … they be gettin ' a bit funny now he be ill … bit restive … " " Yeah , I think we see a bit of that side of them , " say Ron in an undertone . " … I don ' reckon it will be safe fer anyone but me ter go near the colony at the mo ' , " Hagrid finish , blow his nose hard on his apron and look up . " but thanks fer offerin ' , Hermione … it mean a lot . " after that , the atmosphere lighten considerably , for although neither Harry nor Ron have show any inclination to go and feed giant grub to a murderous , gargantuan spider , Hagrid seem to take it for grant that they would have like to have do and become his usual self once more . " Ar , I always know Yeh will find it hard ter squeeze me inter yer timetable , " he say gruffly , pour them more tea . " even if Yeh apply fer Time-Turners - " " we could n't have do , " say Hermione . " we smash the entire stock of Ministry TimeTurners when we be there last summer . it be in the Daily Prophet . " " Ar , well then , " say Hagrid . " there be no way yeh could have do it … I be sorry I have bin - yeh know - I have jus ' bin worry about Aragog … an I do wonder whether , if Professor GrubblyPlank have bin teachin ' yeh - " at which all three of them state categorically and untruthfully that Professor Grubbly-Plank , who have substitute for Hagrid a few time , be a dreadful teacher , with the result that by the time Hagrid wave them off the premise at dusk , he look quite cheerful . " I be starve , " say Harry , once the door have close behind them and they be hurry through the dark and desert ground ; he have abandon the rock cake after an ominous crack noise from one of his back tooth . " and I have get that detention with Snape tonight , I have n't get much time for dinner . " as they come into the castle they spot Cormac McLaggen enter the Great Hall . it take him two attempt to get through the door ; he ricochet off the frame on the first attempt . Ron merely guffaw gloatingly and stride off into the Hall after him , but Harry catch Hermione 's arm and hold her back . " what ? " say Hermione defensively . " if you ask me , " say Harry quietly , " McLaggen look like he be Confunded this morning . and he be stand right in front of where you be sit . " Hermione blush . " oh , all right then , I do it , " she whisper . " but you should have hear the way he be talk about Ron and Ginny ! anyway , he have get a nasty temper , you see how he react when he do n't get in - you would n't have want someone like that on the team . " " no , " say Harry . " no , I suppose that be true . but be n't that dishonest , Hermione ? I mean , you be a prefect , be n't you ? " " oh , be quiet , " she snap , as he smirk . " what be you two doing ? " demand Ron , reappear in the doorway to the Great Hall and look suspicious . " nothing , " say Harry and Hermione together , and they hurry after Ron . the smell of roast beef make Harry 's stomach ache with hunger , but they have barely take three step toward the Gryffindor table when Professor Slughorn appear in front of them , block their path . " Harry , Harry , just the man I be hope to see ! " he boom genially , twiddle the end of his walrus mustache and puff out his enormous belly , " I be hope to catch you before dinner ! what do you say to a spot of supper tonight in my room instead ? we be have a little party , just a few rise star , I have get McLaggen come and Zabini , the charming Melinda Bobbin - I do n't know whether you know her ? her family own a large chain of apothecary - and , of course , I hope very much that Miss Granger will favor me by come too . " Slughorn make Hermione a little bow as he finish speak . it be as though Ron be not present ; Slughorn do not so much as look at him . " I ca n't come , Professor , " say Harry at once . " I have get a detention with Professor Snape . " " oh dear ! " say Slughorn , his face fall comically . " dear , dear , I be count on you , Harry ! well , now , I will just have to have a word with Severus and explain the situation . I be sure I will be able to persuade him to postpone your detention . yes , I will see you both later ! " he bustle away out of the Hall . " he be get no chance of persuade Snape , " say Harry , the moment Slughorn be out of earshot . " this detention have already be postpone once ; Snape do it for Dumbledore , but he wo n't do it for anyone else . " " oh , I wish you could come , I do n't want to go on my own ! " say Hermione anxiously ; Harry know that she be think about McLaggen . " I doubt you will be alone , Ginny will probably be invite , " snap Ron , who do not seem to have take kindly to be ignore by Slughorn . after dinner they make their way back to Gryffindor Tower . the common room be very crowd , as most people have finish dinner by now , but they manage to find a free table and sit down ; Ron , who have be in a bad mood ever since the encounter with Slughorn , fold his arm and frown at the ceiling . Hermione reach out for a copy of the Evening Prophet , which somebody have left abandon on a chair . " anything new ? " say Harry . " not really … " Hermione have open the newspaper and be scan the inside page . " oh , look , your dad be in here , Ron - he be all right ! " she add quickly , for Ron have look around in alarm . " it just say he have be to visit the Malfoys ' house . ' this second search of the Death Eaters residence do not seem to have yield any result . Arthur Weasley of the office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects say that his team have be act upon a confidential tip-off . ' " " Yeah , mine ! " say Harry . " I tell him at Kings Cross about Malfoy and that thing he be try to get Borgin to fix ! well , if it be not at their house , he must have bring whatever it be to Hogwarts with him - " " but how can he have do , Harry ? " say Hermione , put down the newspaper with a surprised look . " we be all search when we arrive , be n't we ? " " be you ? " say Harry , take aback . " I be n't ! " " oh no , of course you be n't , I forget you be late . well , Filch run over all of us with Secrecy Sensors when we get into the entrance hall . any dark object would have be find , I know for a fact Crabbe have a shrunken head confiscate . so you see , Malfoy ca n't have bring in anything dangerous ! " momentarily stymie , Harry watch Ginny Weasley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before see a way around this objection . " someone have send it to him by owl , then , " he say . " his mother or someone . " " all the owl be be check too , " say Hermione . " filch tell us so when he be jab those secrecy sensor everywhere he could reach . " really stump this time , Harry find nothing else to say . there do not seem to be any way Malfoy could have bring a dangerous or dark object into the school . he look hopefully at Ron , who be sit with his arm fold , stare over at Lavender Brown . " can you think of any way Malfoy - ? " " oh , drop it , Harry , " say Ron . " listen , it be not my fault Slughorn invite Hermione and me to his stupid party , neither of us want to go , you know ! " say Harry , fire up . " well , as I be not invite to any party , " say Ron , get to his foot again , " I think I will go to bed . " he stomp off toward the door to the boy ' dormitory , leave Harry and Hermione stare after him . " Harry ? " say the new Chaser , Demelza Robins , appear suddenly at his shoulder . " I have get a message for you . " " from Professor Slughorn ? " ask Harry , sit up hopefully . " no … from Professor Snape , " say Demelza . Harry 's heart sink . " he say you be to come to his office at half past eight tonight to do your detention - er - no matter how many party invitation you have receive . and he want you to know you will be sort out rotten flobberworms from good one , to use in potion and - and he say there be no need to bring protective glove . " " right , " say Harry grimly . " thanks a lot , Demelza . " chapter Twelve Silver and Opals where be Dumbledore , and what be he do ? Harry catch sight of the headmaster only twice over the next few week . he rarely appear at meal anymore , and Harry be sure Hermione be right in think that he be leave the school for day at a time . have Dumbledore forget the lesson he be suppose to be give Harry ? Dumbledore have say that the lesson be lead to something to do with the prophecy ; Harry have feel bolster , comfort , and now he feel slightly abandon . halfway through October come their first trip of the term to Hogsmeade . Harry have wonder whether these trip would still be allow , give the increasingly tight security measure around the school , but be please to know that they be go ahead ; it be always good to get out of the castle ground for a few hour . Harry wake early on the morning of the trip , which be prove stormy , and whil away the time until breakfast by read his copy of Advanced Potion-Making . he do not usually lie in bed read his textbook ; that sort of behavior , as Ron rightly say , be indecent in anybody except Hermione , who be simply weird that way . Harry feel , however , that the Half-Blood Princes copy of Advanced Potion-Making hardly qualify as a textbook . the more Harry pore over the book , the more he realize how much be in there , not only the handy hint and shortcut on potion that be earn him such a glowing reputation with Slughorn , but also the imaginative little jinx and hex scribble in the margin , which Harry be sure , judge by the crossings-out and revision , that the Prince have invent himself . Harry have already attempt a few of the Prince 's self-invented spell . there have be a hex that cause toenail to grow alarmingly fast ( he have try this on Crabbe in the corridor , with very entertaining result ) ; a jinx that glue the tongue to the roof of the mouth ( which he have twice use , to general applause , on an unsuspecting Argus Filch ) ; and , perhaps most useful of all , Muffliato , a spell that fill the ear of anyone nearby with an unidentifiable buzz , so that lengthy conversation could be hold in class without be overhear . the only person who do not find these charm amusing be Hermione , who maintain a rigidly disapprove expression throughout and refuse to talk at all if Harry have use the Muffliato spell on anyone in the vicinity . sit up in bed , Harry turn the book sideways so as to examine more closely the scribble instruction for a spell that seem to have cause the Prince some trouble . there be many crossings-out and alteration , but finally , cram into a corner of the page , the scribble : Levicorpus ( nvbl ) while the wind and sleet pound relentlessly on the window , and Neville snore loudly , Harry stare at the letter in bracket . Nvbl … that have to mean " nonverbal . " Harry rather doubt he would be able to bring off this particular spell ; he be still have difficulty with nonverbal spell , something Snape have be quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. class . on the other hand , the Prince have prove a much more effective teacher than Snape so far . point his wand at nothing in particular , he give it an upward flick and say Levicorpus ! inside his head . " Aaaaaaaargh ! " there be a flash of light and the room be full of voice : everyone have wake up as Ron have let out a yell . Harry send Advanced Potion-Making fly in panic ; Ron be dangle upside down in midair as though an invisible hook have hoist him up by the ankle . " sorry ! " yell Harry , as Dean and Seamus roar with laughter , and Neville pick himself up from the floor , have fall out of Bed . " hang on - I will let you down - " he grope for the potion book and riffle through it in a panic , try to find the right page ; at last he locate it and decipher the cramped word underneath the spell : pray that this be the counter-jinx , Harry think Liberacorpus ! with all his might . there be another flash of light , and Ron fall in a heap onto his mattress . " sorry , " repeat Harry weakly , while Dean and Seamus continue to roar with laughter . " tomorrow , " say Ron in a muffle voice , " I will rather you set the alarm clock . " by the time they have get dress , pad themselves out with several of Mrs. Weasleys handknitted sweater and carry cloak , scarves , and glove , Ron 's shock have subside and he have decide that Harry 's new spell be highly amusing ; so amusing , in fact , that he lose no time in regale Hermione with the story as they sit down for breakfast . " … and then there be another flash , of light and I land on the bed again ! " Ron grin , help himself to sausage . Hermione have not crack a smile during this anecdote , and now turn an expression of wintry disapproval upon Harry . " be this spell , by any chance , another one from that potion book of yours ? " she ask . Harry frown at her . " always jump to the bad conclusion , do n't you ? " " be it ? " " well … yeah , it be , but so what ? " " so you just decide to try out an unknown , handwritten incantation and see what would happen ? " " why do it matter if it be handwritten ? " say Harry , prefer not to answer the rest of the question . " because it be probably not Ministry of Magic approve , " say Hermione . " and also , " she add , as Harry and Ron roll their eye , " because I be start to think this Prince character be a bit dodgy . " both Harry and Ron shout her down at once . " it be a laugh ! " say Ron , upend a ketchup bottle over his sausage . " just a laugh , Hermione , that be all ! " " dangling people upside down by the ankle ? " say Hermione . " who put their time and energy into make up spell like that ? " " Fred and George , " say Ron , shrug , " it be their kind of thing . and , er - " " my dad , " say Harry . he have only just remember . " what ? " say Ron and Hermione together . " my dad use this spell , " say Harry . " I - Lupin tell me . " this last part be not true ; in fact , Harry have see his father use the spell on Snape , but he have never tell Ron and Hermione about that particular excursion into the Pensieve . now , however , a wonderful possibility occur to him . could the Half-Blood Prince possibly be - ? " maybe your dad do use it , Harry , " say Hermione , " but he be not the only one . we have see a whole bunch of people use it , in case you have forget . dangling people in the air . make them float along , asleep , helpless . " Harry stare at her . with a sink feeling , he too remember the behavior of the Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup . Ron come to his aid . " that be different , " he say robustly . " they be abuse it . Harry and his dad be just have a laugh . you do n't like the Prince , Hermione , " he add , point a sausage at her sternly , " because he be good than you at potion - " " it be get nothing to do with that ! " say Hermione , her cheek redden . " I just think it be very irresponsible to start perform spell when you do n't even know what they be for , and stop talk about ' the Prince ' as if it be his title , I bet it be just a stupid nickname , and it do n't seem as though he be a very nice person to me ! " " I do n't see where you get that from , " say Harry heatedly . " if he have be a budding death eater he would n't have be boast about be ' half-blood , ' would he ? " even as he say it , Harry remember that his father have be pure-blood , but he push the think out of his mind ; he would worry about that later . " the Death Eaters ca n't all be pure-blood , there be n't enough pure-blood wizard leave , " say Hermione stubbornly . " I expect most of them be half-blood pretend to be pure . it be only Muggle-borns they hate , they will be quite happy to let you and Ron join up . " " there be no way they will let me be a Death Eater ! " say Ron indignantly , a bit of sausage fly off the fork he be now brandish at Hermione and hit Ernie Macmillan on the head . " my whole family be blood traitor ! that be as bad as Muggle-borns to Death Eaters ! " " and they will love to have me , " say Harry sarcastically . " we will be good pal if they do n't keep try to do me in . " this make Ron laugh ; even Hermione give a grudging smile , and a distraction arrive in the shape of Ginny . " hey , Harry , I be suppose to give you this . " it be a scroll of parchment with Harry 's name write upon it in familiar thin , slanting writing . " thanks , Ginny … it be Dumbledore 's next lesson ! " Harry tell Ron and Hermione , pull open the parchment and quickly read its content . " Monday evening ! " he feel suddenly light and happy . " want to join us in Hogsmeade , Ginny ? " he ask . " I be go with Dean - might see you there , " she reply , wave at them as she leave . filch be stand at the oak front door as usual , check off the name of people who have permission to go into Hogsmeade . the process take even longer than normal as Filch be triplechecking everybody with his Secrecy Sensor . " what do it matter if we be smuggle dark stuff out ? " demand Ron , eye the long thin secrecy sensor with apprehension . " surely you ought to be check what we bring back in ? " his cheek earn him a few extra jab with the Sensor , and he be still wince as they step out into the wind and sleet . the walk into Hogsmeade be not enjoyable . Harry wrap his scarf over his low face ; the expose part soon feel both raw and numb . the road to the village be full of student bend double against the bitter wind . more than once Harry wonder whether they might not have have a good time in the warm common room , and when they finally reach Hogsmeade and see that Zonko 's Joke Shop have be board up , Harry take it as confirmation that this trip be not destine to be fun . Ron point , with a thickly glove hand , toward Honeydukes , which be mercifully open , and Harry and Hermione stagger in his wake into the crowded shop . " thank God , " shiver Ron as they be envelop by warm , toffee-scented air . " let be stay here all afternoon . " " Harry , m'boy ! " say a booming voice from behind them . " oh no , " mutter Harry . the three of them turn to see Professor Slughorn , who be wear an enormous furry hat and an overcoat with match fur collar , clutch a large bag of crystalize pineapple , and occupy at least a quarter of the shop . " Harry , that be three of my little supper you have miss now ! " say Slughorn , poke him genially in the chest . " it wo n't do , m'boy , I be determine to have you ! Miss Granger love them , do n't you ? " " yes , " say Hermione helplessly , " they be really - " " so why do n't you come along , Harry ? " demand Slughorn . " well , I have have Quidditch practice , Professor , " say Harry , who have indeed be schedule practice every time Slughorn have send him a little , violet ribbon-adorned invitation . this strategy mean that Ron be not leave out , and they usually have a laugh with Ginny , imagine Hermione shut up with McLaggen and Zabini . " well , I certainly expect you to win your first match after all the hard work ! " say Slughorn . " but a little recreation never hurt any body . now , how about Monday night , you ca n't possibly want to practice in this weather … " " I ca n't , Professor , I have get - er - an appointment with Professor Dumbledore that evening . " " unlucky again ! " cry Slughorn dramatically . " ah , well … you ca n't evade me forever , Harry ! " and with a regal wave , he waddle out of the shop , take as little notice of Ron as though he have be a display of Cockroach Clusters . " I ca n't believe you have wriggle out of another one , " say Hermione , shake her head . " they be not that bad , you know … they be even quite fun sometimes … " but then she catch sight of Ron 's expression . " oh , look - they have get deluxe sugar quill - those would last hour ! " glad that Hermione have change the subject , Harry show much more interest in the new extralarge sugar quill than he would normally have do , but Ron continue to look moody and merely shrug when Hermione ask him where he want to go next . " let be go to the three Broomsticks , " say Harry . " it will be warm . " they bundle their scarves back over their face and leave the sweetshop . the bitter wind be like knife on their face after the sugary warmth of Honeydukes . the street be not very busy ; nobody be linger to chat , just hurry toward their destination . the exception be two man a little ahead of them , stand just outside the three Broomsticks . one be very tall and thin ; squint through his rain-washed glass Harry recognize the barman who work in the other Hogsmeade pub , the Hog 's Head . as Harry , Ron , and Hermione draw closer , the barman draw his cloak more tightly around his neck and walk away , leave the short man to fumble with something in his arm . they be barely foot from him when Harry realize who the man be . " Mundungus ! " the squat , bandy-legged man with long , straggly , ginger hair jump and drop an ancient suitcase , which burst open , release what look like the entire content of a junk shop window . " oh , ' ello , ' Arry , " say Mundungus Fletcher , with a most unconvincing stab at airiness . " well , do n't let me keep ya . " and he begin scrabble on the ground to retrieve the content of his suitcase with every appearance of a man eager to be go . " be you sell this stuff ? " ask Harry , watch Mundungus grab an assortment of grubbylooking object from the ground . " oh , well , gotta scrape a living , " say Mundungus . " gimme that ! " Ron have stoop down and pick up something silver . " hang on , " Ron say slowly . " this look familiar - " " thank you ! " say Mundungus , snatch the goblet out of Ron 's hand and stuff it back into the case . " well , I will see you all - Ouch ! " Harry have pin Mundungus against the wall of the pub by the throat . hold him fast with one hand , he pull out his wand . " Harry ! " squeal Hermione . " you take that from Sirius 's house , " say Harry , who be almost nose to nose with Mundungus and be breathe in an unpleasant smell of old tobacco and spirit . " that have the Black family crest on it . " " I - no - what - ? " splutter Mundungus , who be slowly turn purple . " what do you do , go back the night he die and strip the place ? " snarl Harry . " I - no - " " give it to me ! " " Harry , you must n't ! " shriek Hermione , as Mundungus start to turn blue . there be a bang , and Harry feel his hand fly off Mundungus 's throat . gasp and splutter , Mundungus seize his fall case , then - CRACK - he Disapparated . Harry swear at the top of his voice , spin on the spot to see where Mundungus have go . " come back , you THIEVING - ! " " there be no point , Harry . " tonk have appear out of nowhere , her mousy hair wet with sleet . " Mundungus will probably be in London by now . there be no point yell . " " he have nick Sirius 's stuff ! nick it ! " " yes , but still , " say Tonks , who seem perfectly untroubled by this piece of information . " you should get out of the cold . " she watch them go through the door of the three Broom-sticks . the moment he be inside , Harry burst out , " he be nick Sirius 's stuff ! " " I know , Harry , but please do n't shout , people be stare , " whisper Hermione . " go and sit down , I will get you a drink . " Harry be still fume when Hermione return to their table a few minute later hold three bottle of butterbeer . " can n't the Order control Mundungus ? " Harry demand of the other two in a furious whisper . " can n't they at least stop him steal everything that be not fix down when he be at headquarters ? " " Shh ! " say Hermione desperately , look around to make sure nobody be listen ; there be a couple of warlock sit close by who be stare at Harry with great interest , and Zabini be loll against a pillar not far away . " Harry , I will be annoy too , I know it be your thing he be steal - " Harry gag on his butterbeer ; he have momentarily forget that he own number twelve , Grimmauld Place . " yeah , it be my stuff ! " he say . " no wonder he be n't please to see me ! well , I be go to tell Dumbledore what be go on , he be the only one who scare Mundungus . " " good idea , " whisper Hermione , clearly please that Harry be calm down . " Ron , what be you stare at ? " " nothing , " say Ron , hastily look away from the bar , but Harry know he be try to catch the eye of the curvy and attractive barmaid , Madam Rosmerta , for whom he have long nurse a soft spot . " I expect ' nothing 's ' in the back get more firewhisky , " say Hermione waspishly . Ron ignore this jibe , sip his drink in what he evidently consider to be a dignified silence . Harry be think about Sirius , and how he have hate those silver goblet anyway . Hermione drum her finger on the table , her eye flicker between Ron and the bar . the moment Harry drain the last drop in his bottle she say , " Shall we call it a day and go back to school , then ? " the other two nod ; it have not be a fun trip and the weather be get bad the longer they stay . once again they draw their cloak tightly around them , rearrange their scarves , pull on their glove , then follow Katie Bell and a friend out of the pub and back up the High Street . Harry 's thought stray to Ginny as they trudge up the road to Hogwarts through the frozen slush . they have not meet up with her , undoubtedly , think Harry , because she and Dean be cozily closet in Madam Puddifoot 's Tea Shop , that haunt of happy couple . scowl , he bow his head against the swirling sleet and trudge on . it be a little while before Harry become aware that the voice of Katie Bell and her friend , which be be carry back to him on the wind , have become shrill and loud . Harry squint at their indistinct figure . the two girl be have an argument about something Katie be hold in her hand . " it be nothing to do with you , Leanne ! " Harry hear Katie say . they round a corner in the lane , sleet come thick and fast , blur Harry 's glass . just as he raise a glove hand to wipe them , Leanne make to grab hold of the package Katie be hold ; Katie tug it back and the package fall to the ground . at once , Katie rise into the air , not as Ron have do , suspend comically by the ankle , but gracefully , her arm outstretch , as though she be about to fly . yet there be something wrong , something eerie … her hair be whip around her by the fierce wind , but her eye be close and her face be quite empty of expression . Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Leanne have all halt in their track , watch . then , six foot above the ground , Katie let out a terrible scream . her eye fly open but whatever she could see , or whatever she be feel , be clearly cause her terrible anguish . she scream and scream ; Leanne start to scream too and seize Katie 's ankle , try to tug her back to the ground . Harry , Ron , and Hermione rush forward to help , but even as they grab Katie 's leg , she fall on top of them ; Harry and Ron manage to catch her but she be writhe so much they could hardly hold her . instead they lower her to the ground where she thrash and scream , apparently unable to recognize any of them . Harry look around ; the landscape seem desert . " stay there ! " he shout at the other over the howl wind . " I be go for help ! " he begin to sprint toward the school ; he have never see anyone behave as Katie have just behave and could not think what have cause it ; he hurtle around a bend in the lane and collide with what seem to be an enormous bear on its hind leg . " Hagrid ! " he pant , disentangle himself from the hedgerow into which he have fall . " Harry ! " say Hagrid , who have sleet trap in his eyebrow and beard , and be wear his great , shaggy beaverskin coat . " jus ' bin visitin ' Grawp , he be comin ' on so well yeh wouldn ' - " " Hagrid , someone be hurt back there , or curse , or something - " " Wha ? " say Hagrid , bend low to hear what Harry be say over the rage wind . " someone have be curse ! " bellow Harry . " cursed ? who be bin cursed - not Ron ? Hermione ? " " no , it be not them , it be Katie Bell - this way … " together they run back along the lane . it take them no time to find the little group of people around Katie , who be still writhe and scream on the ground ; Ron , Hermione , and Leanne be all try to quiet her . " get back ! " shout Hagrid . " Lemme see her ! " " something be happen to her ! " sob Leanne . " I do n't know what - " Hagrid stare at Katie for a second , then without a word , bend down , scoop her into his arm , and run off toward the castle with her . within second , Katie 's piercing scream have die away and the only sound be the roar of the wind . Hermione hurry over to Katie 's wail friend and put an arm around her . " it be Leanne , be n't it ? " the girl nod . " do it just happen all of a sudden , or - ? " " it be when that package tear , " sob Leanne , point at the now sodden brown-paper package on the ground , which have split open to reveal a greenish glitter . Ron bend down , his hand out-stretched , but Harry seize his arm and pull him back . " do n't touch it ! " he crouch down . an ornate opal necklace be visible , poke out of the paper . " I have see that before , " say Harry , stare at the thing . " it be on display in Borgin and Burkes age ago . the label say it be curse . Katie must have touch it . " he look up at Leanne , who have start to shake uncontrollably . " how do Katie get hold of this ? " " well , that be why we be argue . she come back from the bathroom in the three Broomsticks hold it , say it be a surprise for somebody at Hogwarts and she have to deliver it . she look all funny when she say it … oh no , oh no , I bet she have be Imperiused and I do n't realize ! " Leanne shake with renewed sob . Hermione pat her shoulder gently . " she do n't say who have give it to her , Leanne ? " " no … she would n't tell me … and I say she be be stupid and not to take it up to school , but she just would n't listen and … and then I try to grab it from her … and - and - " Leanne let out a wail of despair . " we will well get up to school , " say Hermione , her arm still around Leanne . " we will be able to find out how she be . come on … " Harry hesitate for a moment , then pull his scarf from around his face and , ignore Ron 's gasp , carefully cover the necklace in it and pick it up . " we will need to show this to Madam Pomfrey , " he say . as they follow Hermione and Leanne up the road , Harry be think furiously . they have just enter the ground when he speak , unable to keep his thought to himself any longer . " Malfoy know about this necklace . it be in a case at Borgin and Burkes four year ago , I see him have a good look at it while I be hide from him and his dad . this be what he be buy that day when we follow him ! he remember it and he go back for it ! " " I - I dunno , Harry , " say Ron hesitantly . " load of people go to Borgin and Burkes … and do n't that girl say Katie get it in the girl ' bathroom ? " " she say she come back from the bathroom with it , she do n't necessarily get it in the bathroom itself - " " McGonagall ! " say Ron warningly . Harry look up . sure enough , Professor McGonagall be hurry down the stone step through swirling sleet to meet them . " Hagrid say you four saw what happen to Katie Bell - upstairs to my office at once , please ! what be that you be hold , Potter ? " " it be the thing she touch , " say Harry . " good lord , " say Professor McGonagall , look alarmed as she take the necklace from Harry . " no , no , Filch , they be with me ! " she add hastily , as Filch come shuffle eagerly across the entrance hall hold his Secrecy Sensor aloft . " take this necklace to Professor Snape at once , but be sure not to touch it , keep it wrap in the scarf ! " Harry and the other follow Professor McGonagall upstairs and into her office . the sleetspattered window be rattle in their frame , and the room be chilly despite the fire crackling in the grate . Professor McGonagall close the door and sweep around her desk to face Harry , Ron , Hermione , and the still sob Leanne . " well ? " she say sharply . " what happen ? " haltingly , and with many pause while she attempt to control her crying , Leanne tell Professor McGonagall how Katie have go to the bathroom in the three Broomsticks and return hold the unmarked package , how Katie have seem a little odd , and how they have argue about the advisability of agree to deliver unknown object , the argument culminate in the tussle over the parcel , which tear open . at this point , Leanne be so overcome , there be no get another word out of her . " all right , " say Professor McGonagall , not unkindly , " go up to the hospital wing , please , Leanne , and get Madam Pomfrey to give you something for shock . " when she have leave the room , Professor McGonagall turn back to Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " what happen when Katie touch the necklace ? " " she rise up in the air , " say Harry , before either Ron or Hermione could speak , " and then begin to scream , and collapse . professor , can I see Professor Dumbledore , please ? " " the headmaster be away until Monday , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall , look surprise . " away ? " Harry repeat angrily . " yes , Potter , away ! " say Professor McGonagall tartly . " but anything you have to say about this horrible business can be say to me , I be sure ! " for a split second , Harry hesitate . Professor McGonagall do not invite confidence ; Dumbledore , though in many way more intimidating , still seem less likely to scorn a theory , however wild . this be a life-and-death matter , though , and no moment to worry about be laugh at . " I think Draco Malfoy give Katie that necklace , Professor . " on one side of him , Ron rub his nose in apparent embarrassment ; on the other , Hermione shuffle her foot as though quite keen to put a bit of distance between herself and Harry . " that be a very serious accusation , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall , after a shocked pause . " do you have any proof ? " " no , " say Harry , " but … " and he tell her about follow Malfoy to Borgin and Burkes and the conversation they have over-heard between him and Mr. Borgin . when he have finish speaking , Professor McGonagall look slightly confuse . " Malfoy take something to Borgin and Burkes for repair ? " " no , Professor , he just want Borgin to tell him how to mend something , he do n't have it with him . but that be not the point , the thing be that he buy something at the same time , and I think it be that necklace - " " you see Malfoy leave the shop with a similar package ? " " no , Professor , he tell Borgin to keep it in the shop for him - " " but Harry , " Hermione interrupt , " Borgin ask him if he want to take it with him , and Malfoy say no - " " because he do n't want to touch it , obviously ! " say Harry angrily . " what he actually say be , ' how would I look carry that down the street ? ' " say Hermione . " well , he would look a bit of a prat carry a necklace , " interject Ron . " oh , Ron , " say Hermione despairingly , " it would be all wrap up , so he would n't have to touch it , and quite easy to hide inside a cloak , so nobody would see it ! I think whatever he reserve at Borgin and Burkes be noisy or bulky , something he know would draw attention to him if he carry it down the street - and in any case , " she press on loudly , before Harry could interrupt , " I ask Borgin about the necklace , do n't you remember ? when I go in to try and find out what Malfoy have ask him to keep , I see it there . and Borgin just tell me the price , he do n't say it be already sell or anything - " " well , you be be really obvious , he realize what you be up to within about five second , of course he be n't go to tell you - anyway , Malfoy could have send off for it since - " " that be enough ! " say Professor McGonagall , as Hermione open her mouth to retort , look furious . " Potter , I appreciate you tell me this , but we can point the finger of blame at Mr. Malfoy purely because he visit the shop where this necklace might have be purchase . the same be probably true of hundred of people - " " - that be what I say - " mutter Ron . " - and in any case , we have put stringent security measure in place this year . I do not believe that necklace can possibly have enter this school without our knowledge - " " but - " " - and what be more , " say Professor McGonagall , with an air of awful finality , " Mr. Malfoy be not in Hogsmeade today . " Harry gape at her , deflate . " how do you know , Professor ? " " because he be do detention with me . he have now fail to complete his transfiguration homework twice in a row . so , thank you for tell me your suspicion , Potter , " she say as she march past them , " but I need to go up to the hospital wing now to check on Katie Bell . good day to you all . " she hold open her office door . they have no choice but to file past her without another word . Harry be angry with the other two for siding with McGonagall ; nevertheless , he feel compel to join in once they start discuss what have happen . " so who do you reckon Katie be suppose to give the necklace to ? " ask Ron , as they climb the stair to the common room . " goodness only know , " say Hermione . " but whoever it be have have a narrow escape . no one could have open that package without touch the necklace . " " it could have be mean for load of people , " say Harry . " Dumbledore - the Death Eaters would love to get rid of him , he must be one of their top target . or Slughorn - Dumbledore reckon Voldemort really want him and they ca n't be please that he be side with Dumbledore . or - " " or you , " say Hermione , look troubled . " could n't have be , " say Harry , " or Katie would have just turn around in the lane and give it to me , would n't she ? I be behind her all the way out of the three Broomsticks . it would have make much more sense to deliver the parcel outside Hogwarts , what with Filch search everyone who go in and out . I wonder why Malfoy tell her to take it into the castle ? " " Harry , Malfoy be n't in Hogsmeade ! " say Hermione , actually stamp her foot in frustration . " he must have use an accomplice , then , " say Harry . " Crabbe or Goyle - or , come to think of it , another Death Eater , he will have load good crony than Crabbe and Goyle now he be join up - " Ron and Hermione exchange look that plainly say there be no point argue with him . " Dilligrout , " say Hermione firmly as they reach the Fat Lady . the portrait swing open to admit them to the common room . it be quite full and smell of damp clothing ; many people seem to have return from Hogsmeade early because of the bad weather . there be no buzz of fear or speculation , however : clearly , the news of Katie 's fate have not yet spread . " it be n't a very slick attack , really , when you stop and think about it , " say Ron , casually turf a first year out of one of the good armchair by the fire so that he could sit down . " the curse do n't even make it into the castle . not what you will call foolproof . " " you be right , " say Hermione , prod Ron out of the chair with her foot and offer it to the first year again . " it be n't very well thought-out at all . " " but since when have Malfoy be one of the world 's great thinker ? " ask Harry . neither Ron nor Hermione answer him . chapter THIRTEEN the secret Riddle Katie be remove to St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries the follow day , by which time the news that she have be curse have spread all over the school , though the detail be confuse and nobody other than Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Leanne seem to know that Katie herself have not be the intended target . " oh , and Malfoy know , of course , " say Harry to Ron and Hermione , who continue their new policy of feign deafness whenever Harry mention his Malfoy-Is-a-Death-Eater theory . Harry have wonder whether Dumbledore would return from wherever he have be in time for Monday night 's lesson , but have have no word to the contrary , he present himself outside Dumbledore 's office at eight o'clock , knock , and be tell to enter . there sit Dumbledore look unusually tired ; his hand be as black and burn as ever , but he smile when he gesture to Harry to sit down . the Pensieve be sit on the desk again , cast silvery speck of light over the ceiling . " you have have a busy time while I have be away , " Dumbledore say . " I believe you witness Katie 's accident . " " yes , sir . how be she ? " " still very unwell , although she be relatively lucky . she appear to have brush the necklace with the small possible amount of skin ; there be a tiny hole in her glove . have she put it on , have she even hold it in her ungloved hand , she would have die , perhaps instantly . luckily Professor Snape be able to do enough to prevent a rapid spread of the curse - " " why him ? " ask Harry quickly . " why not Madam Pomfrey ? " " impertinent , " say a soft voice from one of the portrait on the wall , and Phineas Nigellus Black , Sirius 's great-great-grandfather , raise his head from his arm where he have appear to be sleep . " I would not have permit a student to question the way Hogwarts operate in my day . " " yes , thank you , Phineas , " say Dumbledore quellingly . " Professor Snape know much more about the Dark Arts than Madam Pomfrey , Harry . anyway , the St. Mungo 's staff be send me hourly report , and I be hopeful that Katie will make a full recovery in time . " " where be you this weekend , sir ? " Harry ask , disregard a strong feeling that he might be push his luck , a feeling apparently share by Phineas Nigellus , who hiss softly . " I would rather not say just now , " say Dumbledore . " however , I shall tell you in due course . " " you will ? " say Harry , startle . " yes , I expect so , " say Dumbledore , withdraw a fresh bottle of silver memory from inside his robe and uncork it with a prod of his wand . " Sir , " say Harry tentatively , " I meet Mundungus in Hogsmeade . " " ah yes , I be already aware that Mundungus have be treat your inheritance with lightfingered contempt , " say Dumbledore , frown a little . " he have go to ground since you accost him outside the three Broomsticks ; I rather think he dread face me . however , rest assure that he will not be make away with any more of Sirius 's old possession . " " that mangy old half-blood have be steal Black heirloom ? " say Phineas Nigellus , incense ; and he stalk out of his frame , undoubtedly to visit his portrait in number twelve , Grimmauld Place . " professor , " say Harry , after a short pause , " do Professor McGonagall tell you what I tell her after Katie get hurt ? about Draco Malfoy ? " " she tell me of your suspicion , yes , " say Dumbledore . " and do you - ? " " I shall take all appropriate measure to investigate anyone who might have have a hand in Katie 's accident , " say Dumbledore . " but what concern me now , Harry , be our lesson . " Harry feel slightly resentful at this : if their lesson be so very important , why have there be such a long gap between the first and second ? however , he say no more about Draco Malfoy , but watch as Dumbledore pour the fresh memory into the Pensieve and begin swirl the stone basin once more between his long-fingered hand . " you will remember , I be sure , that we leave the tale of Lord Voldemort 's beginning at the point where the handsome Muggle , Tom Riddle , have abandon his witch wife , Merope , and return to his family home in Little Hangleton . Merope be leave alone in London , expect the baby who would one day become Lord Voldemort . " " how do you know she be in London , sir ? " " because of the evidence of one Caractacus Burke , " say Dumbledore , " who , by an odd coincidence , help find the very shop whence come the necklace we have just be discuss . " he swill the content of the Pensieve as Harry have see him swill them before , much as a gold prospector sift for gold . up out of the swirling , silvery mass rise a little old man revolve slowly in the Pensieve , silver as a ghost but much more solid , with a thatch of hair that completely cover his eye . " yes , we acquire it in curious circumstance . it be bring in by a young witch just before Christmas , oh , many year ago now . she say she need the gold badly , well , that much be obvious . cover in rag and pretty far along … go to have a baby , see . she say the locket have be Slytherin 's . well , we hear that sort of story all the time , ' oh , this be Merlin 's , this be , his favorite teapot , ' but when I look at it , it have his mark all right , and a few simple spell be enough to tell me the truth . of course , that make it near enough priceless . she do n't seem to have any idea how much it be worth . happy to get ten Galleons for it . good bargain we ever make ! " Dumbledore give the Pensieve an extra-vigorous shake and Caractacus Burke descend back into the swirling mass of memory from whence he have come . " he only give her ten Galleons ? " say Harry indignantly . " Caractacus Burke be not fame for his generosity , " say Dumbledore . " so we know that , near the end of her pregnancy , Merope be alone in London and in desperate need of gold , desperate enough to sell her one and only valuable possession , the locket that be one of Marvolo 's treasure family heirloom . " " but she could do magic ! " say Harry impatiently . " she could have get food and everything for herself by magic , could n't she ? " " ah , " say Dumbledore , " perhaps she could . but it be my belief - I be guess again , but I be sure I be right - that when her husband abandon her , Merope stop use magic . I do not think that she want to be a witch any longer . of course , it be also possible that her unrequited love and the attendant despair sap her of her power ; that can happen . in any case , as you be about to see , Merope refuse to raise her wand even to save her own life . " " she would n't even stay alive for her son ? " Dumbledore raise his eyebrow . " could you possibly be feel sorry for Lord Voldemort ? " " no , " say Harry quickly , " but she have a choice , do n't she , not like my mother - " " your mother have a choice too , " say Dumbledore gently . " yes , Merope Riddle choose death in spite of a son who need her , but do not judge her too harshly , Harry . she be greatly weaken by long suffering and she never have your mother 's courage . and now , if you will stand … " " where be we go ? " Harry ask , as Dumbledore join him at the front of the desk . " this time , " say Dumbledore , " we be go to enter my memory . I think you will find it both rich in detail and satisfyingly accurate . after you , Harry … " Harry bend over the Pensieve ; his face break the cool surface of the memory and then he be fall through darkness again … second later , his foot hit firm ground ; he open his eye and find that he and Dumbledore be stand in a bustle , old-fashioned London street . " there I be , " say Dumbledore brightly , point ahead of them to a tall figure cross the road in front of a horse-drawn milk cart . this young Albus Dumbledore 's long hair and beard be auburn . have reach their side of the street , he stride off along the pavement , draw many curious glance due to the flamboyantly cut suit of plum velvet that he be wear . " nice suit , sir , " say Harry , before he could stop himself , but Dumbledore merely chuckle as they follow his young self a short distance , finally pass through a set of iron gate into a bare courtyard that front a rather grim , square building surround by high railing . he mount the few step lead to the front door and knock once . after a moment or two , the door be open by a scruffy girl wear an apron . " good afternoon . I have an appointment with a Mrs. Cole , who , I believe , be the matron here ? " " oh , " say the bewildered-looking girl , take in Dumbledore 's eccentric appearance . " Um … just a mo ' … Mrs . cole ! " she bellow over her shoulder . Harry hear a distant voice shout something in response . the girl turn back to Dumbledore . " come in , she be on ' er way . " Dumbledore step into a hallway tile in black and white ; the whole place be shabby but spotlessly clean . Harry and the old Dumbledore follow . before the front door have close behind them , a skinny , harassed-looking woman come scurry toward them . she have a sharpfeatured face that appear more anxious than unkind , and she be talk over her shoulder to another apron helper as she walk toward Dumbledore . " … and take the iodine upstairs to Martha , Billy Stubbs have be pick his scab and Eric Whalley be ooze all over his sheet - chicken pox on top of everything else , " she say to nobody in particular , and then her eye fall upon Dumbledore and she stop dead in her track , look as astonish as if a giraffe have just cross her threshold . " good afternoon , " say Dumbledore , hold out his hand . Mrs. Cole simply gape . " my name be Albus Dumbledore . I send you a letter request an appointment and you very kindly invite me here today . " Mrs. Cole blink . apparently decide that Dumbledore be not a hallucination , she say feebly , " oh yes . well - well then - you will well come into my room . yes . " she lead Dumbledore into a small room that seem part sit room , part office . it be as shabby as the hallway and the furniture be old and mismatch . she invite Dumbledore to sit on a rickety chair and seat herself behind a cluttered desk , eye him nervously . " I be here , as I tell you in my letter , to discuss Tom Riddle and arrangement for his future , " say Dumbledore . " be you family ? " ask Mrs. Cole . " no , I be a teacher , " say Dumbledore . " I have come to offer Tom a place at my school . " " what school be this , then ? " " it be call Hogwarts , " say Dumbledore . " and how come you be interested in Tom ? " " we believe he have quality we be look for . " " you mean he be win a scholarship ? how can he have do ? he have never be enter for one . " " well , his name have be down for our school since birth - " " who register him ? his parent ? " there be no doubt that Mrs. Cole be an inconveniently sharp woman . apparently Dumbledore think so too , for Harry now see him slip his wand out of the pocket of his velvet suit , at the same time pick up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mrs. Cole 's desktop . " here , " say Dumbledore , wave his wand once as he pass her the piece of paper , " I think this will make everything clear . " Mrs. Cole 's eye slide out of focus and back again as she gaze intently at the blank paper for a moment . " that seem perfectly in order , " she say placidly , hand it back . then her eye fall upon a bottle of gin and two glass that have certainly not be present a few second before . " er - may I offer you a glass of gin ? " she say in an extra-refined voice . " thank you very much , " say Dumbledore , beaming . it soon become clear that Mrs. Cole be no novice when it come to gin drinking . pour both of them a generous measure , she drain her own glass in one gulp . smack her lip frankly , she smile at Dumbledore for the first time , and he do n't hesitate to press his advantage . " I be wonder whether you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle 's history ? I think he be bear here in the orphanage ? " " that be right , " say Mrs. Cole , help herself to more gin . " I remember it clear as anything , because I have just start here myself . New Year 's Eve and bitter cold , snow , you know . nasty night . and this girl , not much old than I be myself at the time , come stagger up the front step . well , she be n't the first . we take her in , and she have the baby within the hour . and she be dead in another hour . " Mrs. Cole nod impressively and take another generous gulp of gin . " do she say anything before she die ? " ask Dumbledore . " anything about the boy 's father , for instance ? " " now , as it happen , she do , " say Mrs. Cole , who seem to be rather enjoy herself now , with the gin in her hand and an eager audience for her story . " I remember she say to me , ' I hope he look like his papa , ' and I wo n't lie , she be right to hope it , because she be no beauty - and then she tell me he be to be name Tom , for his father , and Marvolo , for her father - yes , I know , funny name , be n't it ? we wonder whether she come from a circus - and she say the boy 's surname be to be Riddle . and she die soon after that without another word . " well , we name him just as she have say , it seem so important to the poor girl , but no Tom nor Marvolo nor any kind of Riddle ever come look for him , nor any family at all , so he stay in the orphanage and he have be here ever since . " Mrs. Cole help herself , almost absentmindedly , to another healthy measure of gin . two pink spot have appear high on her cheekbone . then she say , " he be a funny boy . " " yes , " say Dumbledore . " I think he might be . " " he be a funny baby too . he hardly ever cry , you know . and then , when he get a little old , he be … odd . " " odd in what way ? " ask Dumbledore gently . " well , he - " but Mrs. Cole pull up short , and there be nothing blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance she shoot Dumbledore over her gin glass . " he be definitely get a place at your school , you say ? " " definitely , " say Dumbledore . " and nothing I say can change that ? " " nothing , " say Dumbledore . " you will be take him away , whatever ? " " whatever , " repeat Dumbledore gravely . she squint at him as though decide whether or not to trust him . apparently she decide she could , because she say in a sudden rush , " he scare the other child . " " you mean he be a bully ? " ask Dumbledore . " I think he must be , " say Mrs. Cole , frown slightly , " but it be very hard to catch him at it . there have be incident … Nasty thing … " Dumbledore do not press her , though Harry could tell that he be interested . she take yet another gulp of gin and her rosy cheek grow rosier still . " Billy Stubbs 's rabbit … well , Tom say he do n't do it and I do n't see how he could have do , but even so , it do n't hang itself from the rafter , do it ? " " I should n't think so , no , " say Dumbledore quietly . " but I be jiggered if I know how he get up there to do it . all I know be he and Billy have argue the day before . and then " - Mrs. Cole take another swig of gin , slop a little over her chin this time - " on the summer outing - we take them out , you know , once a year , to the countryside or to the seaside - well , Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop be never quite right afterwards , and all we ever get out of them be that they have go into a cave with Tom Riddle . he swear they have just go explore , but something happen in there , I be sure of it . and , well , there have be a lot of thing , funny thing … " she look around at Dumbledore again , and though her cheek be flush , her gaze be steady . " I do n't think many people will be sorry to see the back of him . " " you understand , I be sure , that we will not be keep him permanently ? " say Dumbledore . " he will have to return here , at the very least , every summer . " " oh , well , that be good than a whack on the nose with a rusty poker , " say Mrs. Cole with a slight hiccup . she get to her foot , and Harry be impress to see that she be quite steady , even though two-third of the gin be now go . " I suppose you will like to see him ? " " very much , " say Dumbledore , rise too . she lead him out of her office and up the stone stair , call out instruction and admonition to helper and child as she pass . the orphan , Harry see , be all wear the same kind of grayish tunic . they look reasonably well-cared for , but there be no deny that this be a grim place in which to grow up . " here we be , " say Mrs. Cole , as they turn off the second landing and stop outside the first door in a long corridor . she knock twice and enter . " Tom ? you have get a visitor . this be Mr. Dumberton - sorry , Dunderbore . he be come to tell you - well , I will let him do it . " Harry and the two Dumbledores enter the room , and Mrs. Cole close the door on them . it be a small bare room with nothing in it except an old wardrobe and an iron bedstead . a boy be sit on top of the gray blanket , his leg stretch out in front of him , hold a book . there be no trace of the Gaunts in Tom Riddle 's face . Merope have get her die wish : he be his handsome father in miniature , tall for eleven year old , dark-haired , and pale . his eye narrow slightly as he take in Dumbledore 's eccentric appearance . there be a moment 's silence . " how do you do , Tom ? " say Dumbledore , walk forward and hold out his hand . the boy hesitate , then take it , and they shake hand . Dumbledore draw up the hard wooden chair beside Riddle , so that the pair of them look rather like a hospital patient and visitor . " I be Professor Dumbledore . " " ' Professor ' ? " repeat Riddle . he look wary . " be that like ' doctor ' ? what be you here for ? do she get you in to have a look at me ? " he be point at the door through which Mrs. Cole have just leave . " no , no , " say Dumbledore , smile . " I do n't believe you , " say Riddle . " she want me look at , do n't she ? tell the truth ! " he speak the last three word with a ringing force that be almost shocking . it be a command , and it sound as though he have give it many time before . his eye have widen and he be glaring at Dumbledore , who make no response except to continue smile pleasantly . after a few second Riddle stop glaring , though he look , if anything , wary still . " who be you ? " " I have tell you . my name be Professor Dumbledore and I work at a school call Hogwarts . I have come to offer you a place at my school - your new school , if you would like to come . " Riddle 's reaction to this be most surprising . he leap from the bed and back away from Dumbledore , look furious . " you ca n't kid me ! the asylum , that be where you be from , be n't it ? ' Professor , ' yes , of course - well , I be not go , see ? that old cat be the one who should be in the asylum . I never do anything to little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop , and you can ask them , they will tell you ! " " I be not from the asylum , " say Dumbledore patiently . " I be a teacher and , if you will sit down calmly , I shall tell you about Hogwarts . of course , if you would rather not come to the school , nobody will force you - " " I will like to see them try , " sneer Riddle . " Hogwarts , " Dumbledore go on , as though he have not hear Riddle 's last word , " be a school for people with special ability - " " I be not mad ! " " I know that you be not mad . Hogwarts be not a school for mad people . it be a school of magic . " there be silence . Riddle have freeze , his face expressionless , but his eye be flicker back and forth between each of Dumbledore 's , as though try to catch one of them lie . " magic ? " he repeat in a whisper . " that be right , " say Dumbledore . " it be … it be magic , what I can do ? " " what be it that you can do ? " " all sort , " breathe Riddle . a flush of excitement be rise up his neck into his hollow cheek ; he look fevered . " I can make filings move without touch them . I can make animal do what I want them to do , without train them . I can make bad thing happen to people who annoy me . I can make them hurt if I want to . " his leg be tremble . he stumble forward and sit down on the bed again , stare at his hand , his head bow as though in prayer . " I know I be different , " he whisper to his own quiver finger . " I know I be special . always , I know there be something . " " well , you be quite right , " say Dumbledore , who be no longer smile , but watch Riddle intently . " you be a wizard . " Riddle lift his head . his face be transfigure : there be a wild happiness upon it , yet for some reason it do not make him well look ; on the contrary , his finely carve feature seem somehow rough , his expression almost bestial . " be you a wizard too ? " " yes , I be . " " prove it , " say Riddle at once , in the same commanding tone he have use when he have say , " tell the truth . " Dumbledore raise his eyebrow . " if , as I take it , you be accept your place at Hogwarts - " " of course I be ! " " then you will address me as ' Professor ' or ' sir . ' " Riddle 's expression harden for the most fleeting moment before he say , in an unrecognizably polite voice , " I be sorry , sir . I mean - please , Professor , could you show me - ? " Harry be sure that Dumbledore be go to refuse , that he would tell Riddle there would be plenty of time for practical demonstration at Hogwarts , that they be currently in a building full of Muggles and must therefore be cautious . to his great surprise , however , Dumbledore draw his wand from an inside pocket of his suit jacket , point it at the shabby wardrobe in the corner , and give the wand a casual flick . the wardrobe burst into flame . riddle jump to his foot ; Harry could hardly blame him for howl in shock and rage ; all his worldly possession must be in there . but even as Riddle round on Dumbledore , the flame vanish , leave the wardrobe completely undamaged . riddle stare from the wardrobe to Dumbledore ; then , his expression greedy , he point at the wand . " where can I get one of them ? " " all in good time , " say Dumbledore . " I think there be something try to get out of your wardrobe . " and sure enough , a faint rattle could be hear from inside it . for the first time , Riddle look frightened . " open the door , " say Dumbledore . Riddle hesitate , then cross the room and throw open the wardrobe door . on the topmost shelf , above a rail of threadbare clothes , a small cardboard box be shake and rattle as though there be several frantic mouse trap inside it . " take it out , " say Dumbledore . riddle take down the quak box . he look unnerved . " be there anything in that box that you ought not to have ? " ask Dumbledore . Riddle throw Dumbledore a long , clear , calculate look . " yes , I suppose so , sir , " he say finally , in an expressionless voice . " open it , " say Dumbledore . riddle take off the lid and tip the content onto his bed without look at them . Harry , who have expect something much more exciting , see a mess of small , everyday object : a yo-yo , a silver thimble , and a tarnished mouth organ among them . once free of the box , they stop quiver and lie quite still upon the thin blanket . " you will return them to their owner with your apology , " say Dumbledore calmly , put his wand back into his jacket . " I shall know whether it have be do . and be warn : thieve be not tolerate at Hogwarts . " riddle do not look remotely abash ; he be still stare coldly and appraisingly at Dumbledore . at last he say in a colorless voice , " Yes , sir . " " at Hogwarts , " Dumbledore go on , " we teach you not only to use magic , but to control it . you have - inadvertently , I be sure - be use your power in a way that be neither teach nor tolerate at our school . you be not the first , nor will you be the last , to allow your magic to run away with you . but you should know that Hogwarts can expel student , and the Ministry of Magic - yes , there be a Ministry - will punish lawbreaker still more severely . all new wizard must accept that , in enter our world , they abide by our law . " " yes , sir , " say Riddle again . it be impossible to tell what he be think ; his face remain quite blank as he put the little cache of stolen object back into the cardboard box . when he have finish , he turn to Dumbledore and say baldly , " I have n't get any money . " " that be easily remedy , " say Dumbledore , draw a leather money-pouch from his pocket . " there be a fund at Hogwarts for those who require assistance to buy book and robe . you might have to buy some of your spellbooks and so on secondhand , but - " " where do you buy spellbooks ? " interrupted Riddle , who have take the heavy money bag without thank Dumbledore , and be now examine a fat gold Galleon . " in Diagon Alley , " say Dumbledore . " I have your list of book and school equipment with me . I can help you find everything - " " you be come with me ? " ask Riddle , look up . " certainly , if you - " " I do n't need you , " say Riddle . " I be use to do thing for myself , I go round London on my own all the time . how do you get to this Diagon Alley - sir ? " he add , catch Dumbledore 's eye . Harry think that Dumbledore would insist upon accompany Riddle , but once again he be surprise . Dumbledore hand Riddle the envelope contain his list of equipment , and after tell Riddle exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron from the orphanage , he say , " you will be able to see it , although Muggles around you - non-magical people , that be - will not . ask for Tom the barman - easy enough to remember , as he share your name - " Riddle give an irritable twitch , as though try to displace an irksome fly . " you dislike the name ' Tom ' ? " " there be a lot of Toms , " mutter Riddle . then , as though he could not suppress the question , as though it burst from him in spite of himself , he ask , " be my father a wizard ? he be call Tom Riddle too , they have tell me . " " I be afraid I do n't know , " say Dumbledore , his voice gentle . " my mother ca n't have be magic , or she would n't have die , " say Riddle , more to himself than Dumbledore . " it must have be him . so - when I have get all my stuff - when do I come to this Hogwarts ? " " all the detail be on the second piece of parchment in your envelope , " say Dumbledore . " you will leave from King 's Cross Station on the first of September . there be a train ticket in there too . " Riddle nod . Dumbledore get to his foot and hold out his hand again . take it , Riddle say , " I can speak to snake . I find out when we have be to the country on trip - they find me , they whisper to me . be that normal for a wizard ? " Harry could tell that he have withhold mention of this strange power until that moment , determine to impress . " it be unusual , " say Dumbledore , after a moment 's hesitation , " but not unheard of . " his tone be casual but his eye move curiously over Riddle 's face . they stand for a moment , man and boy , stare at each other . then the handshake be break ; Dumbledore be at the door . " Good-bye , Tom . I shall see you at Hogwarts . " " I think that will do , " say the white-haired Dumbledore at Harry 's side , and second later , they be soar weightlessly through darkness once more , before landing squarely in the presentday office . " sit down , " say Dumbledore , landing beside Harry . Harry obey , his mind still full of what he have just see . " he believe it much quicker than I do - I mean , when you tell him he be a wizard , " say Harry . " I do n't believe Hagrid at first , when he tell me . " " yes , Riddle be perfectly ready to believe that he be - to use his word - ' special , ' " say Dumbledore . " do you know - then ? " ask Harry . " do I know that I have just meet the most dangerous dark wizard of all time ? " say Dumbledore . " no , I have no idea that he be to grow up to be what he be . however , I be certainly intrigue by him . I return to Hogwarts intend to keep an eye upon him , something I should have do in any case , give that he be alone and friendless , but which , already , I feel I ought to do for other ' sake as much as his . " his power , as you hear , be surprisingly well-develop for such a young wizard and - most interestingly and ominously of all - he have already discover that he have some measure of control over them , and begin to use them consciously . and as you see , they be not the random experiment typical of young wizard : he be already use magic against other people , to frighten , to punish , to control . the little story of the strangle rabbit and the young boy and girl he lure into a cave be most suggestive … ' I can make them hurt if I want to … ' " " and he be a Parselmouth , " interject Harry . " yes , indeed ; a rare ability , and one supposedly connect with the Dark Arts , although as we know , there be Parselmouths among the great and the good too . in fact , his ability to speak to serpent do not make me nearly as uneasy as his obvious instinct for cruelty , secrecy , and domination . " time be make fool of us again , " say Dumbledore , indicate the dark sky beyond the window . " but before we part , I want to draw your attention to certain feature of the scene we have just witness , for they have a great bearing on the matter we shall be discuss in future meeting . " firstly , I hope you notice Riddle 's reaction when I mention that another share his first name , ' Tom ' ? " Harry nod . " there he show his contempt for anything that tie him to other people , anything that make him ordinary . even then , he wish to be different , separate , notorious . he shed his name , as you know , within a few short year of that conversation and create the mask of ' Lord Voldemort ' behind which he have be hide for so long . " I trust that you also notice that Tom Riddle be already highly self-sufficient , secretive , and , apparently , friendless ? he do not want help or companionship on his trip to Diagon Alley . he prefer to operate alone . the adult Voldemort be the same . you will hear many of his death eater claim that they be in his confidence , that they alone be close to him , even understand him . they be delude . Lord Voldemort have never have a friend , nor do I believe that he have ever want one . " and lastly - I hope you be not too sleepy to pay attention to this , Harry - the young Tom Riddle like to collect trophy . you see the box of stolen article he have hide in his room . these be take from victim of his bully behavior , souvenir , if you will , of particularly unpleasant bit of magic . bear in mind this magpie-like tendency , for this , particularly , will be important later . " and now , it really be time for bed . " Harry get to his foot . as he walk across the room , his eye fall I upon the little table on which Marvolo Gaunt 's ring have rest last I time , but the ring be no longer there . " yes , Harry ? " say Dumbledore , for Harry have come to a halt . " the ring be go , " say Harry , look around . " but I think I you might have the mouth organ or something . " Dumbledore beam at him , peer over the top of his half moon spectacle . " very astute , Harry , but the mouth organ be only ever a mouth organ . " and on that enigmatic note he wave to Harry , who understand himself to be dismiss . chapter FOURTEEN Felix Felicis Harry have Herbology first thing the follow morning . he have be unable to tell Ron and Hermione about his lesson with Dumbledore over breakfast for fear of be over-heard , but he fill them in as they walk across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouse . the weekend 's brutal wind have die out at last ; the weird mist have return and it take them a little longer than usual to find the correct greenhouse . " wow , scary thought , the boy You-Know-Who , " say Ron quietly , as they take their place around one of the gnarled Snargaluff stump that form this term project , and begin pull on their protective glove . " but I still do n't get why Dumbledore be show you all this . I mean , it be really interesting and everything , but what be the point ? " " dunno , " say Harry , insert a gum shield . " but he say it be all important and it will help me survive . " " I think it be fascinating , " say Hermione earnestly . " it make absolute sense to know as much about Voldemort as possible . how else will you find out his weakness ? " " so how be Slughorn 's late party ? " Harry ask her thickly through the gum shield . " oh , it be quite fun , really , " say Hermione , now put on protective goggle . " I mean , he drone on about famous exploit a bit , and he absolutely fawn on McLaggen because he be so well connect , but he give us some really nice food and he introduce us to Gwenog Jones . " " Gwenog Jones ? " say Ron , his eye widen under his own goggle . " the Gwenog Jones ? captain of the Holyhead Harpies ? " " that be right , " say Hermione . " personally , I think she be a bit full of herself , but - " " Quite enough chat over here ! " say Professor Sprout briskly , bustle over and look stern . " you be lag behind , everybody else have start , and Neville 's already get his first pod ! " they look around ; sure enough , there sit Neville with a bloody lip and several nasty scratch along the side of his face , but clutch an unpleasantly pulsate green object about the size of a grapefruit . " okay , Professor , we be start now ! " say Ron , add quietly , when she have turn away again , " should ve used Muffliato , Harry . " " no , we should n't ! " say Hermione at once , look , as she always do , intensely cross at the thought of the Half-Blood Prince and his spell . " well , come on … we will well get go … " she give the other two an apprehensive look ; they all take deep breath and then dive at the gnarled stump between them . it spring to life at once ; long , prickly , bramblelike vine fly out of the top and whip through the air . one tangle itself in Hermione 's hair , and Ron beat it back with a pair of secateurs ; Harry succeed in trap a couple of vine and knot them together ; a hole open in the middle of all the tentaclelike branch ; Hermione plunge her arm bravely into this hole , which close like a trap around her elbow ; Harry and Ron tug and wrench at the vine , force the hole to open again , and Hermione snatch her arm free , clutch in her finger a pod just like Neville 's . at once , the prickly vine shoot back inside , and the gnarled stump sit there look like an innocently dead lump of wood . " you know , I do n't think I will be have any of these in my garden when I have get my own place , " say Ron , push his goggle up onto his forehead and wipe sweat from his face . " pass me a bowl , " say Hermione , hold the pulsate pod at arm 's length ; Harry hand one over and she drop the pod into it with a look of disgust on her face . " do n't be squeamish , squeeze it out , they be well when they be fresh ! " call Professor Sprout . " anyway , " say Hermione , continue their interrupted conversation as though a lump of wood have not just attack them , " Slughorn be go to have a Christmas party , Harry , and there be no way you will be able to wriggle out of this one because he actually ask me to check your free evening , so he could be sure to have it on a night you can come . " Harry groan . meanwhile , Ron , who be attempt to burst the pod in the bowl by put both hand on it , stand up , and squash it as hard as he could , say angrily , " and this be another party just for Slughorn 's favorite , be it ? " " just for the Slug Club , yes , " say Hermione . the pod fly out from under Ron 's finger and hit the green house glass , rebound onto the back of Professor Sprout 's head and knock off her old , patched hat . Harry go to retrieve the pod ; when he get back , Hermione be say , " look , I do n't make up the name ' Slug Club ' - " " ' Slug Club,'"repeated Ron with a sneer worthy of Malfoy . " it be pathetic . well , I hope you enjoy your party . why do n't you try hook up with McLaggen , then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug - " " we be allow to bring guest , " say Hermione , who for some reason have turn a bright , boil scarlet , " and I be go to ask you to come , but if you think it be that stupid then I wo n't bother ! " Harry suddenly wish the pod have flow a little farther , so that he need not have be sit here with the pair of them . unnoticed by either , he seize the bowl that contain the pod and begin to try and open it by the noisy and most energetic mean he could think of ; unfortunately , he could still hear every word of their conversation . " you be go to ask me ? " ask Ron , in a completely different voice . " yes , " say Hermione angrily . " but obviously if you will rather I hook up with McLaggen … " there be a pause while Harry continue to pound the resilient pod with a trowel . " ' no , I would n't , ' " say Ron , in a very quiet voice . Harry miss the pod , hit the bowl , and shatter it . " Reparo , " he say hastily , poke the piece with his wand , and the bowl spring back together again . the crash , however , appear to have awake Ron and Hermione to Harry 's presence . Hermione look fluster and immediately start fuss about for her copy of Flesh-Eating Trees of the World to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pod ; Ron , on the other hand , look sheepish but also rather pleased with himself . " hand that over , Harry , " say Hermione hurriedly . " it say we be suppose to puncture them with something sharp … " Harry pass her the pod in the bowl ; he and Ron both snap their goggle back over their eye and dive , once more , for the stump . it be not as though he be really surprise , think Harry , as he wrestle with a thorny vine intent upon throttle him ; he have have an inkling that this might happen sooner or later . but he be not sure how he feel about it … he and Cho be now too embarrass to look at each other , let alone talk to each other ; what if Ron and Hermione start go out together , then split up ? could their friendship survive it ? Harry remember the few week when they have not be talk to each other in the third year ; he have not enjoy try to bridge the distance between them . and then , what if they do n't split up ? what if they become like Bill and Fleur , and it become excruciatingly embarrassing to be in their presence , so that he be shut out for good ? " Gotcha ! " yell Ron , pull a second pod from the stump just as Hermione manage to burst the first one open , so that the bowl be full of tuber wriggle like pale green worm . the rest of the lesson pass without further mention of Slughorn 's party . although Harry watch his two friend more closely over the next few day , Ron and Hermione do not seem any different except that they be a little polite to each other than usual . Harry suppose he would just have to wait to see what happen under the influence of butterbeer in Slughorn 's dimly light room on the night of the party . in the meantime , however , he have more pressing worry . Katie Bell be still in St. Mungo 's hospital with no prospect of leaving , which mean that the promising Gryffindor team Harry have be train so carefully since September be one chaser short . he keep put off replace Katie in the hope that she would return , but their opening match against Slytherin be loom , and he finally have to accept that she would not be back in time to play . Harry do not think he could stand another full-House tryout . with a sinking feeling that have little to do with Quidditch , he corner Dean Thomas after Transfiguration one day . most of the class have already leave , although several twitter yellow bird be still zoom around the room , all of Hermione 's creation ; nobody else have succeed in conjure so much as a feather from thin air . " be you still interested in play Chaser ? " " Wha - ? yeah , of course ! " say Dean excitedly . over Dean 's shoulder , Harry see Seamus Finnegan slam his book into his bag , look sour . one of the reason why Harry would have prefer not to have to ask Dean to play be that he know Seamus would not like it . on the other hand , he have to do what be well for the team , and Dean have outflown Seamus at the tryout . " well then , you be in , " say Harry . " there be a practice tonight , seven o'clock . " " right , " say Dean . " Cheers , Harry ! Blimey , I ca n't wait to tell Ginny ! " he sprint out of the room , leave Harry and Seamus alone together , an uncomfortable moment make no easy when a bird drop landed on Seamus 's head as one of Hermione 's canary whiz over them . Seamus be not the only person disgruntle by the choice of Katie 's substitute . there be much mutter in the common room about the fact that Harry have now choose two of his class-mate for the team . as Harry have endure much bad muttering than this in his school career , he be not particularly bother , but all the same , the pressure be increase to provide a win in the upcoming match against Slytherin . if Gryffindor win , Harry know that the whole House would forget that they have criticize him and swear that they have always know it be a great team . if they lose … well , Harry think wryly , he have still endure bad muttering … Harry have no reason to regret his choice once he see Dean fly that evening ; he work well with Ginny and Demelza . the Beaters , Peakes and Coote , be get good all the time . the only problem be Ron . Harry have know all along that Ron be an inconsistent player who suffer from nerve and a lack of confidence , and unfortunately , the loom prospect of the opening game of the season seem to have bring out all his old insecurity . after let in half a dozen goal , most of them score by Ginny , his technique become wilder and wilder , until he finally punch an oncoming Demelza Robins in the mouth . " it be an accident , I be sorry , Demelza , really sorry ! " Ron shout after her as she zigzag back to the ground , drip blood everywhere . " I just - " " Panicked , " Ginny say angrily , land next to Demelza and examine her fat lip . " you prat , Ron , look at the state of her ! " " I can fix that , " say Harry , landing beside the two girl , point his wand at Demelzas mouth , and say " Episkey . " " and Ginny , do n't call Ron a prat , you be not the Captain of this team - " " well , you seem too busy to call him a prat and I think someone should - " Harry force himself not to laugh . " in the air , everyone , let 's go … " overall it be one of the bad practice they have have all term , though Harry do not feel that honesty be the good policy when they be this close to the match . " good work , everyone , I think we will flatten Slytherin , " he say bracingly , and the Chasers and Beaters leave the change room look reasonably happy with themselves . " I play like a sack of dragon dung , " say Ron in a hollow voice when the door have swing shut behind Ginny . " no , you do n't , " say Harry firmly . " you be the good keeper I try out , Ron . your only problem be nerve . " he keep up a relentless flow of encouragement all the way back to the castle , and by the time they reach the second floor , Ron be look marginally more cheerful . when Harry push open the tapestry to take their usual shortcut up to Gryffindor Tower , however , they find themselves look at Dean and Ginny , who be lock in a close embrace and kiss fiercely as though glue together . it be as though something large and scaly erupt into life in Harry 's stomach , claw at his inside : hot blood seem to flood his brain , so that all thought be extinguish , replace by a savage urge to jinx Dean into a jelly . wrestle with this sudden madness , he hear Ron 's voice as though from a great distance away . " Oy ! " Dean and Ginny break apart and look around . " what ? " say Ginny . " I do n't want to find my own sister snog people in public ! " " this be a desert corridor till you come butt in ! " say Ginny . Dean be look embarrassed . he give Harry a shifty grin that Harry do not return , as the newborn monster inside him be roar for Dean 's instant dismissal from the team . " er … c'mon , Ginny , " say Dean , " let be go back to the common room … " " you go ! " say Ginny . " I want a word with my dear brother ! " Dean leave , look as though he be not sorry to depart the scene . " right , " say Ginny , toss her long red hair out of her face and glaring at Ron , " let be get this straight once and for all . it be none of your business who I go out with or what I do with them , Ron - " " Yeah , it be ! " say Ron , just as angrily . " D ' you think I want people say my sister be a - " " a what ? " shout Ginny , draw her wand . " a what , exactly ? " " he do n't mean anything , Ginny - " say Harry automatically , though the monster be roar its approval of Ron 's word . " oh yes he do ! " she say , flare up at Harry . " just because he be never snog anyone in his life , just because the good kiss he have ever have be from our Auntie Muriel - " " Shut your mouth ! " bellow Ron , bypass red and turn maroon . " no , I will not ! " yell Ginny , beside herself . " I have see you with Phlegm , hope she will kiss you on the cheek every time you see her , it be pathetic ! if you go out and get a bit of snog do your self , you would n't mind so much that everyone else do it ! " Ron have pull out his wand too ; Harry step swiftly between them . " you do n't know what you be talk about ! " Ron roar , try to get a clear shot at Ginny around Harry , who be now stand in front of her with his arm outstretch . " just because I do n't do it in public - ! " Ginny scream with derisive laughter , try to push Harry out of the way . " be kiss Pigwidgeon , have you ? or have you get a picture of Auntie Muriel stash under your pillow ? " " you - " a streak of orange light fly under Harry leave arm and miss Ginny by inch ; Harry push Ron up against the wall . " do n't be stupid - " " Harry 's snog Cho Chang ! " shout Ginny , who sound close to tear now . " and Hermione snog Viktor Krum , it be only you who act like it be something disgusting , Ron , and that be because you have get about as much experience as a twelve-year-old ! " and with that , she storm away . Harry quickly let go of Ron ; the look on his face be murderous . they both stand there , breathe heavily , until Mrs. Norris , Rich 's cat , appear around the corner , which break the tension . " C'mon , " say Harry , as the sound of Filch 's shuffling foot reach their ear . they hurry up the stair and along a seventh-floor corridor . " Oy , out of the way ! " Ron bark at a small girl who jump in fright and drop a bottle of toadspawn . Harry hardly notice the sound of shatter glass ; he feel disorient , dizzy ; be strike by a lightning bolt must be something like this . it be just because she be Ron 's sister , he tell himself . you just do n't like see her kiss Dean because she be Ron 's sister … but unbidden into his mind come an image of that same desert corridor with himself kiss Ginny instead … the monster in his chest purr … but then he see Ron rip open the tapestry curtain and draw his wand on Harry , shout thing like " betrayal of trust " … " suppose to be my friend " … " D'you think Hermione do snog Krum ? " Ron ask abruptly , as they approach the Fat Lady . Harry give a guilty start and wrench his imagination away from a corridor in which no Ron intrude , in which he and Ginny be quite alone - " what ? " he say confusedly . " oh … er … " the honest answer be " yes , " but he do not want to give it . however , Ron seem to gather the bad from the look on Harry 's face . " Dilligrout , " he say darkly to the Fat Lady , and they climb through the portrait hole into the common room . neither of them mention Ginny or Hermione again ; indeed , they barely speak to each other that evening and get into bed in silence , each absorb in his own thought , Harry lie awake for a long time , look up at the canopy of his four-poster and try to convince himself that his feeling for Ginny be entirely elder-brotherly . they have live , have they not , like brother and sister all summer , play Quidditch , tease Ron , and have a laugh about Bill and Phlegm ? he have know Ginny for year now … it be natural that he should feel protective … natural that he should want to look out for her … want to rip Dean limb from limb for kiss her … no … he would have to control that particular brotherly feeling … Ron give a great grunt snore . she be Ron 's sister , Harry tell himself firmly . Ron 's sister . she be out-of-bound . he would not risk his friendship with Ron for anything . he punch his pillow into a more comfortable shape and wait for sleep to come , try his utmost not to allow his thought to stray anywhere near Ginny . Harry awake next morning feeling slightly daze and confuse by a series of dream in which Ron have chase him with a Beater 's bat , but by midday he would have happily exchange the dream Ron for the real one , who be not only cold-shoulder Ginny and Dean , but also treat a hurt and bewilder Hermione with an icy , sneering indifference . what be more , Ron seem to have become , overnight , as touchy and ready to lash out as the average Blast-Ended Skrewt . Harry spend the day attempt to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no success ; finally , Hermione depart for bed in high dudgeon , and Ron stalk off to the boy ' dormitory after swear angrily at several frightened first year for look at him . to Harry 's dismay , Ron 's new aggression do not wear off over the next few day . worse still , it coincide with an even deep dip in his keep skill , which make him still more aggressive , so that during the final Quidditch practice before Saturday match , he fail to save every single goal the chaser aim at him , but bellow at everybody so much that he reduce Demelza Robins to tear . " you shut up and leave her alone ! " shout Peakes , who be about two-thirds Ron 's height , though admittedly carry a heavy bat . " enough ! " bellow Harry , who have see Ginny glower in Ron 's direction and , remember her reputation as an accomplished caster of the Bat-Bogey Hex , soar over to intervene before thing get out of hand . " Peakes , go and pack up the Bludgers . Demelza , pull yourself together , you play really well today , Ron … " he wait until the rest of the team be out of earshot before say it , " you be my good mate , but carry on treat the rest of them like this and I be go to kick you off the team . " he really think for a moment that Ron might hit him , but then something much worse happen : Ron seem to sag on his broom ; all the fight go out of him and he say , " I resign . I be pathetic . " " you be not pathetic and you be not resign ! " say Harry fiercely , seize Ron by the front of his robe . " you can save anything when you be on form , it be a mental problem you have get ! " " you call me mental ? " " yeah , maybe I be ! " they glare at each other for a moment , then Ron shake his head wearily . " I know you have n't get any time to find another Keeper , so I will play tomorrow , but if we lose , and we will , I be take myself off the team . " Nothing Harry say make any difference . he try boost Ron 's confidence all through dinner , but Ron be too busy being grumpy and surly with Hermione to notice . Harry persist in the common room that evening , but his assertion that the whole team would be devastate if Ron leave be somewhat undermine by the fact that the rest of the team be sit in a huddle in a distant corner , clearly mutter about Ron and cast him nasty look . finally Harry try get angry again in the hope of provoke Ron into a defiant , and hopefully goal-saving , attitude , but this strategy do not appear to work any good than encouragement ; Ron go to bed as dejected and hopeless as ever . Harry lie awake for a very long time in the darkness . he do not want to lose the upcoming match ; not only be it his first as Captain , but he be determine to beat Draco Malfoy at Quidditch even if he could not yet prove his suspicion about him . yet if Ron play as he have do in the last few practice , their chance of win be very slim … if only there be something he could do to make Ron pull himself together … make him play at the top of his form … something that would ensure that Ron have a really good day … and the answer come to Harry in one , sudden , glorious stroke of inspiration . breakfast be the usual excitable affair next morning ; the Slytherins hiss and boo loudly as every member of the Gryffindor team enter the Great Hall . Harry glance at the ceiling and see a clear , pale blue sky : a good omen . the Gryffindor table , a solid mass of red and gold , cheer as Harry and Ron approach . Harry grin and wave ; Ron grimace weakly and shake his head . " Cheer up , Ron ! " call Lavender . " I know you will be brilliant ! " Ron ignore her . " tea ? " Harry ask him . " coffee ? pumpkin juice ? " " anything , " say Ron glumly , take a moody bite of toast . a few minute later Hermione , who have become so tired of Ron 's recent unpleasant behavior that she have not come down to breakfast with them , pause on her way up the table . " how be you both feeling ? " she ask tentatively , her eye on the back of Ron 's head . " fine , " say Harry , who be concentrate on hand Ron a glass of pumpkin juice . " there you go , Ron . drink up . " Ron have just raise the glass to his lip when Hermione speak sharply . " do n't drink that , Ron ! " both Harry and Ron look up at her . " why not ? " say Ron . Hermione be now stare at Harry as though she could not believe her eye . " you just put something in that drink . " " excuse me ? " say Harry . " you hear me . I see you . you just tip something into Ron 's drink . you have get the bottle in your hand right now ! " " I do n't know what you be talk about , " say Harry , stow the little bottle hastily in his pocket . " Ron , I warn you , do n't drink it ! " Hermione say again , alarmed , but Ron pick up the glass , drain it in one gulp , and say , " Stop boss me around , Hermione . " she look scandalize . bend low so that only Harry could hear her , she hiss , " you should be expel for that . I will never have believe it of you , Harry ! " " look who be talk , " he whisper back . " Confunded anyone lately ? " she storm up the table away from them . Harry watch her go without regret . Hermione have never really understand what a serious business Quidditch be . he then look around at Ron , who be smack his lip . " nearly time ! ' say Harry blithely . the frosty grass crunch underfoot as they stride down to the stadium . " pretty lucky the weather this good , eh ? " Harry ask Ron . " yeah , " say Ron , who be pale and sick-looking . Ginny and Demelza be already wear their Quidditch robe and wait in the change room . " condition look ideal , " say Ginny , ignore Ron . " and guess what ? that Slytherin Chaser Vaisey - he take a Bludger in the head yesterday during their practice , and he be too sore to play ! and even well than that - Malfoy be go off sick too ! " " what ? " say Harry , wheel around to stare at her . " he be ill ? what be wrong with him ? " " no idea , but it be great for us , " say Ginny brightly . " they be play Harper instead ; he be in my year and he be an idiot . " Harry smile back vaguely , but as he pull on his scarlet robe his mind be far from Quidditch . Malfoy have once before claim he could not play due to injury , but on that occasion he have make sure the whole match be reschedule for a time that suit the Slytherins well . why be he now happy to let a substitute go on ? be he really ill , or be he fake ? " fishy , be n't it ? " he say in an undertone to Ron . " Malfoy not play ? " " lucky , I call it , " say Ron , look slightly more animated . " and Vaisey off too , he be their good goal scorer , I do n't fancy - hey ! " he say suddenly , freeze halfway through pull on his Keepers glove and stare at Harry . " what ? " " I … you … " Ron have drop his voice , he look both scare and excite . " my drink … my pumpkin juice … you do n't … ? " Harry raise his eyebrow , but say nothing except , " we will be start in about five minute , you will well get your boot on . " they walk out onto the pitch to tumultuous roar and boo . one end of the stadium be solid red and gold ; the other , a sea of green and silver . many Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws have take side too : amidst all the yell and clap Harry could distinctly hear the roar of Luna Lovegood 's famous lion-topped hat . Harry step up to Madam Hooch , the referee , who be stand ready to release the ball from the crate . " captain shake hand , " she say , and Harry have his hand crush by the new Slytherin Captain , Urquhart . " mount your broom . on the whistle … three … two … one … " the whistle sound , Harry and the other kick off hard from the frozen ground , and they be away . Harry soar around the perimeter of the ground , look around for the Snitch and keep one eye on Harper , who be zigzag far below him . then a voice that be jarringly different to the usual commentator be start up . " well , there they go , and I think we be all surprise to see the team that Potter be put together this year . many thought , give Ronald Weasley 's patchy performance as Keeper last year , that he might be off the team , but of course , a close personal friendship with the Captain do help … " these word be greet with jeer and applause from the Slytherin end of the pitch . Harry crane around on his broom to look toward the commentator 's podium . a tall , skinny blond boy with an upturn nose be stand there , talk into the magical megaphone that have once be Lee Jordan 's ; Harry recognize Zacharias Smith , a Hufflepuff player whom he heartily dislike . " oh , and here come Slytherin 's first attempt on goal , it 's Urquhart streak down the pitch and - " Harry stomach turn over . " - Weasley save it , well , he be bind to get lucky sometimes , I suppose … " " that be right , Smith , he be , " mutter Harry , grin to himself , as he dive amongst the chaser with his eye search all around for some hint of the elusive Snitch . with half an hour of the game go , Gryffindor be lead sixty point to zero , Ron have make some truly spectacular save , some by the very tip of his glove , and Ginny have score four of Gryffindor 's six goal . this effectively stop Zacharias wonder loudly whether the two Weasleys be only there because Harry like them , and he start on Peakes and Coote instead . " of course , Coote be n't really the usual build for a Beater , " say Zacharias loftily , " they have generally get a bit more muscle - " " hit a Bludger at him ! " Harry call to Coote as he zoom past , but Coote , grin broadly , choose to aim the next Bludger at Harper instead , who be just pass Harry in the opposite direction . Harry be please to hear the dull thunk that mean the Bludger have find its mark . it seem as though Gryffindor could do no wrong . again and again they score , and again and again , at the other end of the pitch , Ron save goal with apparent ease . he be actually smile now , and when the crowd greet a particularly good save with a rousing chorus of the old favorite " Weasley be Our King , " he pretend to conduct them from on high . " think he be something special today , do n't he ? " say a snide voice , and Harry be nearly knock off his broom as Harper collide with him hard and deliberately . " your blood-traitor pal … " Madam Hooch 's back be turn , and though Gryffindors below shout in anger , by the time she look around , Harper have already speed off . his shoulder ache , Harry race after him , determine to ram him back … " and I think Harper of Slytherin have see the Snitch ! " say Zacharias Smith through his megaphone . " yes , he be certainly see something Potter have n't ! " Smith really be an idiot , think Harry , have n't he notice them collide ? but next moment , his stomach seem to drop out of the , sky - Smith be right and Harry be wrong : Harper have not speed upward at random ; he have spot what Harry have not : the Snitch be speed along high above them , glint brightly against the clear blue sky . Harry accelerate ; the wind be whistle in his ear so that it drown all sound of Smith 's commentary or the crowd , but Harper be still ahead of him , and Gryffindor be only a hundred point up ; if Harper get there first Gryffindor have lose … and now Harper be foot from it , his hand outstretch … " Oy , Harper ! " yell Harry in desperation . " how much do Malfoy pay you to come on instead of him ? " he do not know what make him say it , but Harper do a double-take ; he fumble the Snitch , let it slip through his finger , and shoot right past it . Harry make a great swipe for the tiny , flutter ball and catch it . " yes ! " hairy yell . wheel around , he hurtle back toward the ground , the Snitch hold high in his hand . as the crowd realize what have happen , a great shout go up that almost drown the sound of the whistle that signal the end of the game . " Ginny , where be you go ? " yell Harry , who have find hint self trap in the midst of a mass midair hug with the rest of the team , but Ginny speed right on past them until , with an almighty crash , she collide with the commentator podium . as the crowd shriek and laugh , the Gryffindor team land beside the wreckage of wood under which Zacharias be feebly stir ; Harry hear Ginny say blithely to an irate Professor McGonagall , " Forgot to brake , Professor , sorry . " laugh , Harry break free of the rest of the team and hug Ginny , but let go very quickly . avoid her gaze , he clap cheer Ron on the back instead as , all enmity forget , the Gryffindor team leave the pitch arm in arm , punch the air and wave to their supporter . the atmosphere in the change room be jubilant . " party up in the common room , Seamus say ! " yell Dean exuberantly . " C'mon , Ginny , Demelza ! " Ron and Harry be the last two in the change room . they be just about to leave when Hermione enter . she be twist her Gryffindor scarf in her hand and look upset but determine . " I want a word with you , Harry . " she take a deep breath . " you should n't have do it . you hear Slughorn , its illegal . " " what be you go to do , turn us in ? " demand Ron . " what be you two talk about ? " ask Harry , turn away to hang up his robe so that neither of them would see him grin , " you know perfectly well what we be talk about ! " say Hermione shrilly . " you spike Ron 's juice with lucky potion at breakfast ! Felix Felicis ! " " no , I do n't , " say Harry , turn back to face them both . " yes you do , Harry , and that be why everything go right , there be Slytherin player miss and Ron save everything ! " " I do n't put it in ! " say Harry , grin broadly . he slip his hand inside his jacket pocket and draw out the tiny bottle that Hermione have see in his hand that morning . it be full of golden potion and the cork be still tightly seal with wax . " I want Ron to think I have do it , so I fake it when I know you be look . " he look at Ron . " you save everything because you feel lucky . you do it all yourself . " he pocket the potion again . " there really be n't anything in my pumpkin juice ? " Ron say , astound . " but the weather 's good … and Vaisey could n't play … I honestly have n't be give lucky potion ? " Harry shake his head . Ron gape at him for a moment , then round on Hermione , imitate her voice . " you add Felix Felicis to Ron 's juice this morning , that be why he save everything ! see ! I can save goal without help , Hermione ! " " I never say you could n't - Ron , you think you have be give it too ! " but Ron have already stride past her out of the door with his broomstick over his shoulder . " er , " say Harry into the sudden silence ; he have not expect his plan to backfire like this , " shall … shall we go up to the party , then ? " " you go ! " say Hermione , blink back tear . " I be sick of Ron at the moment , I do n't know what I be suppose to have do … " and she storm out of the change room too . Harry walk slowly back up the ground toward the castle through the crowd , many of whom shout congratulation at him , but he feel a great sense of letdown ; he have be sure that if Ron win the match , he and Hermione would be friend again immediately . he do not see how he could possibly explain to Hermione that what she have do to offend Ron be kiss Viktor Krum , not when the offense have occur so long ago . Harry could not see Hermione at the Gryffindor celebration party , which be in full swing when he arrive . renewed cheer and clap greet his appearance , and he be soon surround by a mob of people congratulate him . what with try to shake off the Creevey brother , who want a blow-by-blow match analysis , and the large group of girl that encircle him , laugh at his least amusing comment and bat their eyelid , it be some time before he could try and find Ron . at last , he extricate himself from Romilda Vane , who be hint heavily that she would like to go to Slughorn 's Christmas party with him . as he be duck toward the drink table , he walk straight into Ginny , Arnold the Pygmy Puff ride on her shoulder and Crookshanks mew hopefully at her heel . " look for Ron ? " she ask , smirk . " he be over there , the filthy hypocrite . " Harry look into the corner she be indicate . there , in full view of the whole room , stand Ron wrap so closely around Lavender Brown it be hard to tell whose hand be whose . " it look like he be eat her face , do n't it ? " say Ginny dispassionately . " but I suppose he be get to refine his technique somehow . good game , Harry . " she pat him on the arm ; Harry feel a swoop sensation in his stomach , but then she walk off to help herself to more butterbeer . Crookshanks trot after her , his yellow eye fix upon Arnold . Harry turn away from Ron , who do not look like he would be surface soon , just as the portrait hole be close . with a sink feeling , he think he see a mane of bushy brown hair whip out of sight . he dart forward , sidestep Romilda Vane again , and push open the portrait of the Fat Lady . the corridor outside , seem to be desert . " Hermione ? " he find her in the first unlock classroom he try . she be sit on the teacher 's desk , alone except for a small ring of twitter yellow bird circle her head , which she have clearly just conjure out of midair . Harry could not help admire her spell-work at a time like this . " oh , hello , Harry , " she say in a brittle voice . " I be just practice . " " yeah … they be - er - really good … " say Harry . he have no idea what to say to her . he be just wonder whether there be any chance that she have not notice Ron , that she have merely leave the room because the party be a little too rowdy , when she say , in an unnaturally high-pitched voice , " Ron seem to be enjoy the celebration . " " er … do he ? " say Harry . " do n't pretend you do n't see him , " say Hermione . " he be n't exactly hide it , be - ? " the door behind them burst open . to Harry 's horror , Ron come in , laugh , pull Lavender by the hand . " oh , " he say , draw up short at the sight of Harry and Hermione . " oops ! " say Lavender , and she back out of the room , giggle . the door swing shut behind her . there be a horrible , swell , billow silence . Hermione be stare at Ron , who refuse to look at her , but say with an odd mixture of bravado and awkwardness , " Hi , Harry ! wonder where you have get to ! " Hermione slide off the desk . the little flock of golden bird continue to twitter in circle around her head so that she look like a strange , feathery model of the solar system . " you should n't leave Lavender wait outside , " she say quietly . " she will wonder where you have go . " she walk very slowly and erectly toward the door . Harry glance at Ron , who be look relieved that nothing bad have happen . " Oppugno ! " come a shriek from the doorway . Harry spin around to see Hermione point her wand at Ron , her expression wild : the little flock of bird be speed like a hail of fat golden bullet toward Ron , who yelp and cover his face with his hand , but the bird attack , peck and claw at every bit of flesh they could reach . " Gerremoffme ! " he yell , but with one last look of vindictive fury , Hermione wrench open the door and disappear through it . Harry think he hear a sob before it slam . chapter FIFTEEN the unbreakable Vow Snow be swirl against the icy window once more ; Christmas be approach fast . Hagrid have already single-handedly deliver the usual twelve Christmas tree to the Great Hall ; garland of holly and tinsel have be twist around the banisters of the stair ; everlasting candle glow from inside the helmet of suit of armor and great bunch of mistletoe have be hang at interval along the corridor . large group of girl tend to converge underneath the mistletoe bunch every time Harry go past , which cause blockage in the corridor ; fortunately , however , Harry 's frequent nighttime wandering have give him an unusually good knowledge of the castle 's secret passageway , so that he be often , without too much difficulty , to navigate mistletoe-free route between class . Ron , who might once have find the necessity of these detour excuse for jealousy rather than hilarity , simply roar with laughter about it all . although Harry much prefer this new laugh , joke Ron to the moody , aggressive model he have be endure for the last few week , the improve Ron come at a heavy price . firstly , Harry have to put up with the frequent presence of Lavender Brown , who seem to regard any moment that she be not kiss Ron as a moment waste ; and secondly , Harry find himself once more the good friend of two people who seem unlikely ever to speak to each other again . Ron , whose hand and forearm still bear scratch and cut from Hermione 's bird attack , be take a defensive and resentful tone . " she ca n't complain , " he tell Harry . " she snog Krum . so she be find out someone want to snog me too . well , it be a free country . I have n't do anything wrong . " Harry do not answer , but pretend to be absorb in the book they be suppose to have read before Charms next morning ( Quintessence : a Quest ) . determine as he be to remain friend with both Ron and Hermione , he be spend a lot of time with his mouth shut tight . " I never promise Hermione anything , " Ron mumble . " I mean , all right , I be go to go to Slughorn 's Christmas party with her , but she never say … just as friend … I be a free agent … " Harry turn a page of Quintessence , aware that Ron be watch him . Ron 's voice trail away in mutter , barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire , though Harry think he catch the word " Krum " and " can n't complain " again . Hermione 's schedule be so full that Harry could only talk to her properly in the evening , when Ron be , in any case , so tightly wrap around Lavender that he do not notice what Harry be do . Hermione refuse to sit in the common room while Ron be there , so Harry generally join her in the library , which mean that their conversation be hold in whisper . " he be at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he like , " say Hermione , while the librarian , Madam Pince , prowl the shelf behind them . " I really could n't care less . " she raise her quill and dot an ' i ' so ferociously that she puncture a hole in her parchment . Harry say nothing . he think his voice might soon vanish from the lack of use . he bend a little low over Advanced Potion-Making and continue to make note on Everlasting Elixirs , occasionally pause to decipher the prince 's useful addition to Libatius Borage 's text . " and incidentally , " say Hermione , after a few moment , " you need to be careful . " " for the last time , " say Harry , speak in a slightly hoarse tone after three-quarter of an hour of silence , " I be not give back this book . I have learn more from the Half-blood prince than Snape or Slughorn have teach me in - " " I be not talk about your stupid so-called prince , " say Hermione , give his book a nasty look as though it have be rude to her . " I be talk about earlier . I go into the girl 's bathroom just before I come in here and there be about a dozen girl in there , include that Romilda Vane , try to decide how to slip you a love potion . they be all hope they be go to get you to take them to Slughorn 's party , and they all seem to have buy Fred and George 's love potion , which I be afraid to say probably work - " " why do n't you confiscate them then ? " demand Harry , it seem extraordinary that Hermione 's mania for uphold the rule could have abandon her at this crucial juncture . " they do n't have the potion with them in the bathroom , " say Hermione scornfully , " they be just discuss tactic . as I doubt the Half-blood prince " she give the book another scornful look " could dream up an antidote for a dozen different love potion at once , I will just invite someone to go with you , that will stop all the other think they have still get a chance . it be tomorrow night , they be get desperate . " " there be n't anyone I want to invite , " mumble Harry , who be still not try to think about Ginny any more than he could help , despite the fact the fact that she keep crop up in his dream in way that make him devoutly thankful that Ron could not perform Legilimency . " well , just be careful what you drink , because Romilda Vane look like she mean business . " say Hermione grimly . she hitch up the long roll of parchment on which she be write her Arithmancy essay and continue to scratch away with her quill . Harry watch her with his mind a long way away . " hang on a moment , " he say slowly . " I think Filch have ban anything buy at Weasley 's Wizard Wheezes ? " " and when have anyone ever pay attention to what Filch have ban ? " ask Hermione , still concentrate on her essay . " but I think all the owl be be search . so how come these girl be able to bring love potion into the school ? " " Fred and George send them disguise as perfume and cough potion , " say Hermione . " it be part of their Owl order service . " " you know a lot about it . " Hermione give him the kind of nasty look she have just give his copy of Advanced PotionMaking . " it be all on the back of the bottle they show Ginny and me in the summer , " she say coldly , " I do n't go around put potion in people 's drink … or pretend too either , which be just as bad … " " Yeah , well , never mind that , " say Harry quickly . " the point be , Filch be be fool be n't he ? these girl be get stuff into the school disguise as something else ! so why could n't Malfoy have bring the necklace into the school - ? " " oh , Harry … not that again … " " come on , why not ? " demand Harry . " look , " sigh Hermione , " Secrecy Sensors detect jinx , curse , and concealment charm , do n't they ? they be use to find dark magic and dark object . they will have pick up a powerful curse , like the one in the necklace , within second . but something that have just be put in the wrong bottle would n't register - anyway love potion be n't dark or dangerous - " " Easy for you to say , " mutter Harry , think of Romilda Vane . " - so it would be down to Filch to realize it be n't a cough potion , and he be not a very good wizard , I doubt he can tell one potion from - " Hermione stop dead ; Harry have hear it too . somebody have move close behind them among the dark bookshelve . they wait , and a moment later the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince appear around the corner , her sunken cheek , her skin like parchment , and her long hooked nose illuminate unflatteringly by the lamp she be carry . " the library be now close , " she say , " Mind you return anything you have borrow to the correct - what have you be do to that book , you deprave boy ? " " it be n't the library be , it be mine ! " say Harry hastily , snatch his copy of Advanced PotionMaking off the table as she lunge at it with a clawlike hand . " spoiled ! " she hiss . " desecrate , befoul ! " " it be just a book that have be write on ! " say Harry , tug it out of her grip . she look as though she might have a seizure ; Hermione , who have hastily pack her thing , grab Harry by the arm and frogmarch him away . " she will ban you from the library if you be not careful . why do you have to bring that stupid book ? " " it be not my fault she be bark mad , Hermione . or d'you think she overhear you be rude about Filch ? I have always think there might be something between them … " " oh , ha ha … " Enjoying the fact that they could speak normally again , they make their way along the desert lamp-lit corridor back to the common room , argue whether or not Filch and Madam Pince be secretly in love with each other . " bauble " say Harry to the Fat Lady , this being the new , festive password . " same to you , " say the fat lady with a roguish grin , and she swing forward to admit them . " hi , Harry ! " say Romilda Vane , the moment he have climb through the portrait hole . " fancy a gillywater ? " Hermione give him a " what-did-I-tell-you ? " look over her shoulder . " no thanks , " say Harry quickly . " I do n't like it much . " " well , take these anyway , " say Romilda , thrust a box into his hand . " chocolate cauldron , they have get firewhiskey in them . my gran send them to me , but I do n't like them . " " oh - right - thanks a lot . " say Harry , who could not think what else to say . " er - I ' m just go over here with … " he hurry off behind Hermione , his voice tail away feebly . " tell you , " say Hermione succinctly , " Sooner you ask someone , sooner they will all leave you alone and you can - " but her face suddenly turn blank ; she have just spot Ron and Lavender , who be intertwine in the same armchair . " well , good night , Harry " say Hermione , though it be only seven o'clock in the evening , and she leave for the girl S ' dormitory without another word . Harry go to bed comfort himself that there be only one more day of lesson to struggle through , plus Slughorn 's party , after which he and Ron would depart together for the Burrow . it now seem impossible that Ron and Hermione would make up with each other before the holiday begin , but perhaps , somehow , the break would give them time to calm down , think good of their behavior … but his hope be not high , and they sink still low after endure a transfiguration lesson with them both next day . they have just embark upon the immensely difficult topic of human transfiguration ; work in front of mirror , they be suppose to be change the color of their own eyebrow . Hermione laugh unkindly at Ron 's disastrous first attempt , during which he somehow manage to give himself a spectacular handlebar mustache ; Ron retaliate by do a cruel but accurate impression of Hermione jump up and down in her seat every time Professor McGonagall ask a question , which Lavender and Parvati find deeply amusing and which reduce Hermione to the verge of tear again . she race out of the classroom on the bell , leave half her thing behind ; Harry , decide that her need be great than Ron 's just now , scoop up her remain possession and follow her . he finally track her down as she emerge from a girl 's bathroom on the floor below . she be accompany by Luna Lovegood , who be pat her vaguely on the back . " oh , hello , Harry , " say Luna . " do you know one of your eyebrow be bright yellow ? " " hi , Luna . Hermione , you leave your stuff … " he hold out her book . " oh , yes , " say Hermione in a choke voice , take her thing and turn away quickly to hide the fact she be wipe her eye with her pencil case . " thank you , Harry . well , I will well get go … " and she hurry off , without ever give Harry any time to offer word of comfort , though admittedly he could not think of any . " she be a bit upset , " say Luna . " I think at first it be Moaning Myrtle in there , but it turn out to be Hermione . she say something about Ron Weasley … " " Yeah , they have have a row , " say Harry . " he say funny thing sometimes , do n't he ? " say Luna as they set off down the corridor together . " but he can be a bit unkind . I notice that last year . " " I s'pose , " say Harry . Luna be demonstrate her usual knack of speak uncomfortable truth ; he have never meet anyone quite like her . " so have you have a good term ? " " oh , it have be all right , " say Luna . " a bit lonely without the D.A. Ginny have be nice , though . she stop two boy in our transfiguration class call me ' Loony ' the other day - " " how would you like to come to Slughorn 's party with me tonight ? " the word be out of Harry 's mouth before he could stop them ; he hear himself say them as though it be a stranger speaking . Luna turn her protuberant eye to him in surprise . " Slughorn 's party ? with you ? " " yeah , " say Harry , " we be suppose to bring guest , so I think you might like … I mean … " he be keen to make his intention perfectly clear . " I mean , just as friend , you know . but if you do n't want to … " he be already half hope that she do n't want to . " oh no , I will love to go with you as friend ! " say Luna , beam as he have never see her beam before . " nobody be ever ask me to a party before , as a friend ! be that why you dye your eyebrow , for the party ? should I dye mine too ? " " no " say Harry firmly , " that be a mistake . I will get Hermione to put it right for me . so I will meet you in the entrance hall at eight o'clock then . " " AHA ! " scream a voice from overhead and both of them jump ; unnoticed by either of them , they have just pass underneath Peeves , who be hang upside down from a chandelier and grin maliciously at them . " potty ask Loony to go to the party ! potty lurves Loony ! potty luuuuuurves Looooony ! " and he zoom away cackle and shriek , " Potty love Loony ! " " nice to keep these thing private , " say Harry . and sure enough , in no time at all the whole school seem to know that Harry Potter be take Luna Lovegood to Slughorn 's party . " you could have take anyone ! " say Ron in disbelief over dinner . " anyone ! and you choose Loony Lovegood ? " " do n't call her that , Ron ! " snap Ginny , pause behind Harry on her way to join friend . " I be really glad you be take her Harry , she be so excite . " and she move on down the table to sit with Dean . Harry try to feel pleased that Ginny be glad he be take Luna to the party but could not quite manage it . a long way along the table Hermione be sit alone , play with her stew . Harry notice Ron look at her furtively . " you could say sorry , " suggest Harry bluntly . " what , and get attack by another flock of canary ? " mutter Ron . " what do you have to imitate her for ? " " she laugh at my mustache ! " " so do I , it be the stupid thing I have ever see . " but Ron do not seem to have hear ; Lavender have just arrive with Parvati . squeeze herself in between Harry and Ron , Lavender fling her arm around Ron 's neck . " hi , Harry , " say Parvati who , like Harry , look faintly embarrass and bore by the behavior of their two friend . " hi , " say Harry , " how be you ? you be stay at Hogwarts , then ? I hear your parent want you to leave . " " I manage to talk them out of it for the time be , " say Parvati . " that Katie thing really freak them out , but as there have n't be anything since … oh , hi , Hermione ! " Parvati positively beam . Harry could tell that she be feel guilty for have laugh at Hermione in Transfiguration . he look around and see that Hermione be beam back , if possible even more brightly . girl be very strange sometimes . " hi , Parvati ! " say Hermione , ignore Ron and Lavender completely . " be you go to Slughorn 's party tonight ? " " no invite , " say Parvati gloomily . " I will love to go , though , it sound like it be go to be really good … you be go , be n't you ? " " yes , I be meet Cormac at eight , and we be - " there be a noise like a plunger be withdraw from a block sink , and Ron surface . Hermione act as though she have not see or hear anything . " - we be go up to the party together . " " Cormac ? " say Parvati . " Cormac McLaggen , you mean ? " " that be right , " say Hermione sweetly . " the one who almost " - she put a great deal of emphasis on the word - " become Gryffindor Keeper . " " be you go out with him , then ? " ask Parvati , wide-eyed . " oh - yes - do n't you know ? " say Hermione , with a most un-Hermione-ish giggle . " no ! " say Parvati , look positively agog at this piece of gossip . " wow , you like your Quidditch player , do n't you ? First Krum , then McLaggen . " " I like really good Quidditch player , " Hermione correct her , still smile . " well , see you … get to go and get ready for the party … " she leave . at once Lavender and Parvati put their head together to discuss this new development , with everything they have ever hear about McLaggen , and all they have ever guess about Hermione . Ron look strangely blank and say nothing . Harry be leave to ponder in silence the depth to which girl would sink to get revenge . when he arrive in the entrance hall at eight o'clock that night , he find an unusually large number of girl lurk there , all of whom seem to be stare at him resentfully as he approach Luna . she be wear a set of spangle silver robe that be attract a certain amount of giggle from the onlooker , but otherwise she look quite nice . Harry be glad , in any case , that she have leave off her radish earring , her butterbeer cork necklace , and her Spectrespecs . " hi , " he say . " shall we get go then ? " " oh yes , " she say happily . " where be the party ? " " Slughorn 's office , " say Harry , lead her up the marble staircase away from all the stare and mutter . " do you hear , there be suppose to be a vampire come ? " " Rufus Scrimgeour ? " ask Luna . " I - what ? " say Harry , disconcert . " you mean the Minister of Magic ? " " yes , he be a vampire , " say Luna matter-of-factly . " Father write a very long article about it when Scrimgeour first take over from Cornelius Fudge , but he be force not to publish by somebody from the Ministry . obviously , they do n't want the truth to get out ! " Harry , who think it most unlikely that Rufus Scrimgeour be a vampire , but who be use to Luna repeat her father 's bizarre view as though they be fact , do not reply ; they be already approach Slughorn 's office and the sound of laughter , music , and loud conversation be grow louder with every step they take . whether it have be build that way , or because he have use magical trickery to make it so , Slughorn 's office be much large than the usual teacher 's study . the ceiling and wall have be drape with emerald , crimson , and gold hanging , so that it look as though they be all inside a vast tent . the room be crowded and stuffy and bath in the red light cast by an ornate golden lamp dangle from the center of the ceiling in which real fairy be flutter , each a brilliant speck of light . loud singing accompany by what sound like mandolin issue from a distant corner ; a haze of pipe smoke hang over several elderly warlock deep in conversation , and a number of house-elves be negotiate their way squeakily through the forest of knee , obscure by the heavy silver platter of food they be bear , so that they look like little rove table . " Harry , m'boy ! " boom Slughorn , almost as soon as Harry and Luna have squeeze in through the door . " come in , come in , so many people I will like you to meet ! " Slughorn be wear a tassel velvet hat to match his smoking jacket . grip Harry 's arm so tightly he might have be hope to Disapparate with him , Slughorn lead him purposefully into the party ; Harry seize Luna 's hand and drag her along with him . " Harry , I will like you to meet Eldred Worple , an old student of mine , author of Blood Brothers : My Life Amongst the Vampires - and , of course , his friend Sanguini . " Worple , who be a small , stout , bespectacled man , grab Harry 's hand and shake it enthusiastically ; the vampire Sanguini , who be tall and emaciate with dark shadow under his eye , merely nod . he look rather bore . a gaggle of girl be stand close to him , look curious and excited . " Harry Potter , I be simply delight ! " say Worple , peer shortsightedly up into Harry 's face . " I be say to Professor Slughorn only the other day , ' where be the biography of Harry Potter for which we have all be wait ? ' " " er , " say Harry , " be you ? " " just as modest as Horace describe ! " say Worple . " but seriously " - his manner change ; it become suddenly businesslike - " I would be delight to write it myself - people be crave to know more about you , dear boy , craving ! if you be prepare to grant me a few interview , say in four- or five-hour session , why , we could have the book finish within month . and all with very little effort on your part , I assure you - ask Sanguini here if it be n't quite - Sanguini , stay here ! " add Worple , suddenly stern , for the vampire have be edge toward the nearby group of girl , a rather hungry look in his eye . " here , have a pasty , " say Worple , seize one from a pass elf and stuff it into Sanguini 's hand before turn his attention back to Harry . " my dear boy , the gold you could make , you have no idea - " " I be definitely not interested , " say Harry firmly , " and I have just see a friend of mine , sorry . " he pull Luna after him into the crowd ; he have indeed just see a long mane of brown hair disappear between what look like two member of the Weird Sisters . " Hermione ! Hermione ! " " Harry ! there you be , thank goodness ! hi , Luna ! " " what be happen to you ? " ask Harry , for Hermione look distinctly dishevel , rather as though she have just fight her way out of a thicket of Devil 's Snare . " oh , I have just escape - I mean , I have just leave Cormac , " she say . " under the mistletoe , " she add in explanation , as Harry continue to look questioningly at her . " serve you right for come with him , " he tell her severely . " I think he will annoy Ron most , " say Hermione dispassionately . " I debate for a while about Zacharias Smith , but I think , on the whole - " " you consider Smith ? " say Harry , revoke . " yes , I do , and I be start to wish I have choose him , McLaggen make Grawp look a gentleman . let be go this way , we will be able to see him come , he be so tall … " the three of them make their way over to the other side of the room , scoop up goblet of mead on the way , realize too late that Professor Trelawney be stand there alone . " hello , " say Luna politely to Professor Trelawney . " good evening , my dear , " say Professor Trelawney , focus upon Luna with some difficulty . Harry could smell cook sherry again . " I have n't see you in my class lately … " " no , I have get Firenze this year , " say Luna . " oh , of course , " say Professor Trelawney with an angry , drunken titter . " or Dobbin , as I prefer to think of him . you would have think , would you not , that now I be return to the school Professor Dumbledore might have get rid of the horse ? but no … we share class … it be an insult , frankly , an insult . do you know … " Professor Trelawney seem too tipsy to have recognize Harry . under cover of her furious criticism of Firenze , Harry draw closer to Hermione and say , " let be get something straight . be you plan to tell Ron that you interfere at Keeper tryout ? " Hermione raise her eyebrow . " do you really think I will stoop that low ? " Harry look at her shrewdly . " Hermione , if you can ask out McLaggen - " " there be a difference , " say Hermione with dignity . " I have get no plan to tell Ron anything about what might , or might not , have happen at Keeper tryout . " " good , " say Harry fervently . " because he will just fall apart again , and we will lose the next match - " " Quidditch ! " say Hermione angrily . " be that all boy care about ? Cormac have n't ask me one single question about myself , no , I have just be treat to ' a Hundred Great Saves Made by Cormac McLaggen ' nonstop ever since - oh no , here he come ! " she move so fast it be as though she have Disapparated ; one moment she be there , the next , she have squeeze between two guffaw witch and vanish . " see Hermione ? " ask McLaggen , force his way through the throng a minute later . " no , sorry , " say Harry , and he turn quickly to join in Luna 's conversation , forget for a split second to whom she be talk . " Harry Potter ! " say Professor Trelawney in deep , vibrant tone , notice him for the first time . " oh , hello , " say Harry unenthusiastically . " my dear boy ! " she say in a very carry whisper . " the rumor ! the story ! ' the Chosen One ' ! of course , I have know for a very long time … the omen be never good , Harry … but why have you not return to Divination ? for you , of all people , the subject be of the utmost importance ! " " ah , Sybill , we all think our subject 's most important ! " say a loud voice , and Slughorn appear at Professor Trelawney s other side , his face very red , his velvet hat a little askew , a glass of mead in one hand and an enormous mince pie in the other . " but I do n't think I have ever know such a natural at potion ! " say Slughorn , regard Harry with a fond , if bloodshot , eye . " instinctive , you know - like his mother ! I have only ever teach a few with this kind of ability , I can tell you that , Sybill - why even Severus - " and to Harry 's horror , Slughorn throw out an arm and seem to scoop Snape out of thin air toward them . " stop skulk and come and join us , Severus ! " hiccup Slughorn happily . " I be just talk about Harry 's exceptional potion-making ! some credit must go to you , of course , you teach him for five year ! " trap , with Slughorns arm around his shoulder , Snape look down his hooked nose at Harry , his black eye narrow . " funny , I never have the impression that I manage to teach Potter anything at all . " " well , then , it be natural ability ! " shout Slughorn . " you should have see what he give me , first lesson , draught of live death - never have a student produce fine on a first attempt , I do n't think even you , Severus - " " really ? " say Snape quietly , his eye still bore into Harry , who feel a certain disquiet . the last thing he want be for Snape to start investigate the source of his newfound brilliance at potion . " remind me what other subject you be take , Harry ? " ask Slughorn . " defense against the Dark Arts , Charms , Transfiguration , Herbology … " " all the subject require , in short , for an Auror , " say Snape with the faint sneer . " yeah , well , that be what I will like to do , " say Harry defiantly . " and a great one you will make too ! " boom Slughorn . " I do n't think you should be an Auror , Harry , " say Luna unexpectedly . everybody look at her . " the Aurors be part of the Rotfang Conspiracy , I think everyone know that . they be plan to bring down the Ministry of Magic from within use a combination of Dark Magic and gum disease . " Harry inhale half his mead up his nose as he start to laugh . really , it have be worth bring Luna just for this . emerge from his goblet , cough , sop wet but still grin , he see something calculate to raise his spirit even high : Draco Malfoy be drag by the ear toward them by Argus Filch . " Professor Slughorn , " wheeze Filch , his jowl aquiver and the maniacal light of mischiefdetection in his bulge eye , " I discover this boy lurk in an upstairs corridor . he claim to have be invite to your party and to have be delay in set out . do you issue him with an invitation ? " Malfoy pull himself free of Filchs grip , look furious . " all right , I be n't invite ! " he say angrily . " I be try to gate crash , happy ? " " no , I be not ! " say Filch , a statement at complete odd with the glee on his face . " you be in trouble , you be ! do n't the headmaster say that nighttime prowl be out , unless you have get permission , do n't he , eh ? " " that be all right , Argus , that be all right , " say Slughorn , wave a hand . " it be Christmas , and it be not a crime to want to come to a party . just this once , we will forget any punishment ; you may stay , Draco . Filich 's expression of outraged disappointment be perfectly predictable ; but why , Harry wonder , watch him , do Malfoy look almost equally unhappy ? and why be Snape look at Malfoy as though both angry and … be it possible ? … a little afraid ? but almost before Harry have register what he have see , Filch have turn and shuffle away , mutter under his breath ; Malfoy have compose his face into a smile and be thank Slughorn for his generosity , and Snape 's face be smoothly inscrutable again . " it be nothing , nothing , " say Slughorn , wave away Malfoy 's thanks . " I do know your grandfather , after all … " " he always speak very highly of you , sir , " say Malfoy quickly . " say you be the good potionmaker he have ever know … " Harry stare at Malfoy . it be not the sucking-up that intrigue him ; he have watch Malfoy do that to Snape for a long time . it be the fact that Malfoy do , after all , look a little ill . this be the first time he have see Malfoy close up for age ; he now see that Malfoy have dark shadow under his eye and a distinctly grayish tinge to his skin . " I will like a word with you , Draco , " say Snape suddenly . " now , Severus , " say Slughorn , hiccup again , " it be Christmas , do n't be too hard - " " I be his Head of House , and I shall decide how hard , or otherwise , to be , " say Snape curtly . " follow me , Draco . " they leave , Snape lead the way , Malfoy look resentful . Harry stand there for a moment , irresolute , then say , " I will be back in a bit , Luna - er - bathroom . " " all right , " she say cheerfully , and he think he hear her , as he hurry off into the crowd , resume the subject of the Rotfang Conspiracy with Professor Trelawney , who seem sincerely interested . it be easy , once out of the party , to pull his Invisibility Cloak out of his pocket and throw it over himself , for the corridor be quite desert . what be more difficult be find Snape and Malfoy . Harry run down the corridor , the noise of his foot mask by the music and loud talk still issue from Slughorn 's office behind him . perhaps Snape have take Malfoy to his office in the dungeon … or perhaps he be escort him back to the Slytherin common room … Harry press his ear against door after door as he dash down the corridor until , with a great jolt of excitement , he crouch down to the keyhole of the last classroom in the corridor and hear voice . " … can afford mistake , Draco , because if you be expel - " " I do n't have anything to do with it , all right ? " " I hope you be tell the truth , because it be both clumsy and foolish . already you be suspect of have a hand in it . " " who suspect me ? " say Malfoy angrily . " for the last time , I do n't do it , okay ? that Bell girl must have have an enemy noone know about - do n't look at me like that ! I know what you be do , I be not stupid , but it wo n't work - I can stop you ! " there be a pause and then Snape say quietly , " ah … Aunt Bellatrix have be teach you Occlumency , I see . what thought be you try to conceal from your master , Draco ? " " I be not try to conceal anything from him , I just do n't want you butt in ! " Harry press his ear still more closely against the keyhole … what have happen to make Malfoy speak to Snape like this - Snape , toward whom he have always show respect , even like ? " so that be why you have be avoid me this term ? you have fear my interference ? you realize that , have anybody else fail to come to my office when I have tell them repeatedly to be there , Draco - " " so put me in detention ! report me to Dumbledore ! " jeer Malfoy . there be another pause . then Snape say , " you know perfectly well that I do not wish to do either of those thing . " " you will well stop tell me to come to your office then ! " " listen to me , " say Snape , his voice so low now that Harry have to push his ear very hard against the keyhole to hear . " I be try to help you . I swear to your mother I would protect you . I make the unbreakable Vow , Draco - " " Looks like you will have to break it , then , because I do n't need your protection ! it be my job , he give it to me and I be do it , I have get a plan and it be go to work , it be just take a bit longer than I think it would ! " " what be your plan ? " " it be none of your business ! " " if you tell me what you be try to do , I can assist you … " " I have all the assistance I need , thanks , I be not alone ! " " you be certainly alone tonight , which be foolish in the extreme , wander the corridor without lookout or backup , these be elementary mistake - " " I would have have Crabbe and Goyle with me if you have n't put them in detention ! " " keep your voice down ! " spit Snape , for Malfoy 's voice have rise excitedly . " if your friend Crabbe and Goyle intend to pass their defense against the Dark Art O.W.L this time around , they will need to work a little hard than they be do at pres - " " what do it matter ? " say Malfoy . " defense against the dark art - its all just a joke , be n't it , an act ? like any of us need protect against the dark art - " " it be an act that be crucial to success , Draco ! " say Snape . " where do you think I would have be all these year , if I have not know how to act ? now listen to me ! you be be incautious , wander around at night , get yourself catch , and if you be place your reliance in assistant like Crabbe and Goyle - " " they be not the only one , I have get other people on my side , good people ! " " then why not confide in me , and I can - " " I know what you be up to ! you want to steal my glory ! " there be another pause , then Snape say coldly , " you be speak like a child . I quite understand that your father capture and imprisonment have upset you , but - " Harry have barely a second 's warning ; he hear Malfoy 's footstep on the other side of the door and fling himself out of the way just as it burst open . Malfoy be stride away down the corridor , past the open door of Slughorns office , around the distant corner , and out of sight . hardly daring to breathe , Harry remain crouch down as Snape emerge slowly from the classroom . his expression unfathomable , he return to the party . Harry remain on the floor , hide beneath the cloak , his mind racing . chapter SIXTEEN a Very Frosty Christmas " so Snape be offer to help him ? he be definitely offer to help him ? " " if you ask that once more , " say Harry , " I be go to stick this sprout - " " I be only check ! " say Ron . they be stand alone at the Burrow 's kitchen sink , peel a mountain of sprout for Mrs. Weasley . snow be drift past the window in front of them . " yes , Snape be offer to help him ! " say Harry . " he say he have promise Malfoy 's mother to protect him , that he have make an unbreakable oath or something - " " an unbreakable Vow ? " say Ron , look stun . " Nah , he ca n't have … be you sure ? " " yes , I be sure , " say Harry . " why , what do it mean ? " " well , you ca n't break an unbreakable Vow … " " I have work that much out for myself , funnily enough . what happen if you break it , then ? " " you die , " say Ron simply . " Fred and George try to get me to make one when I be about five . I nearly do too , I be hold hand with Fred and everything when Dad find us . he go mental , " say Ron , with a reminiscent gleam in his eye . " only time I have ever see Dad as angry as Mum , Fred reckon his left buttock have never be the same since . " " yeah , well , pass over Fred 's leave buttock - " " I beg your pardon ? " say Fred 's voice as the twin enter the kitchen . " aaah , George , look at this . they be use knife and everything . bless them . " " I will be seventeen in two and a bit month ' time , " say Ron grumpily , " and then I will be able to do it by magic ! " " but meanwhile , " say George , sit down at the kitchen table and put his foot up on it , " we can enjoy watch you demonstrate the correct use of a - whoops-a-daisy ! " " you make me do that ! " say Ron angrily , suck his cut thumb . " you wait , when I be seventeen - " " I be sure you will dazzle us all with hitherto unsuspected magical skill , " yawn Fred . " and speak of hitherto unsuspected skill , Ronald , " say George , " what be this we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady call - unless our information be faulty - Lavender Brown ? " Ron turn a little pink , but do not look displease as he turn back to the sprout . " mind your own business . " " what a snappy retort , " say Fred . " I really do n't know how you think of them . no , what we want to know be … how do it happen ? " " what d'you mean ? " " do she have an accident or something ? " " what ? " " well , how do she sustain such extensive brain damage ? careful , now ! " Mrs. Weasley enter the room just in time to see Ron throw the sprout knife at Fred , who have turn it into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of his wand , " Ron ! " she say furiously . " do n't you ever let me see you throw knife again ! " " I wo n't , " say Ron , " let you see , " he add under his breath , as he turn back to the sprout mountain . " Fred , George , I be sorry , dear , but Remus be arrive tonight , so Bill will have to squeeze in with you two . " " no problem , " say George . " then , as Charlie be n't come home , that just leave Harry and Ron in the attic , and if Fleur share with Ginny - " " - that will make Ginny 's Christmas - " mutter Fred . " - everyone should be comfortable . well , they will have a bed , anyway , " say Mrs. Weasley , sound slightly harass . " Percy definitely not show his ugly face , then ? " ask Fred . Mrs. Weasley turn away before she answer . " no , he be busy , I expect , at the Ministry . " " or he be the world 's big prat , " say Fred , as Mrs. Weasley leave the kitchen . " one of the two . well , let be get go , then , George . " " what be you two up to ? " ask Ron . " cant you help us with these sprout ? you could just use your wand and then we will be free too ! " " no , I do n't think we can do that , " say Fred seriously . " it be very character-building stuff , learn to peel sprout without magic , make you appreciate how difficult it be for Muggles and Squibs - " " - and if you want people to help you , Ron , " add George , throw the paper airplane at him , " I would n't chuck knife at them . just a little hint . we be off to the village , there be a very pretty girl work in the paper shop who think my card trick be something marvelous … almost like real magic … " " Gits , " say Ron darkly , watch Fred and George set off across the snowy yard . " would have only take them ten second and then we could have go too . " " I could n't , " say Harry . " I promise Dumbledore I would n't wander off while I be stay here . " " oh yeah , " say Ron . he peel a few more sprout and then say , " be you go to tell Dumbledore what you hear Snape and Malfoy say to each other ? " " Yep , " say Harry . " I be go to tell anyone who can put a stop to it , and Dumbledore 's top of the list . I might have another word with your dad too . " " pity you do n't hear what Malfoy be actually do , though . " " I could n't have do , could I ? that be the whole point , he be refuse to tell Snape . " there be silence for a moment or two , then Ron say , " Course , you know what they will all say ? Dad and Dumbledore and all of them ? they will say Snape be n't really try to help Malfoy , he be just try to find out what Malfoy be up to . " " they do n't hear him , " say Harry flatly . " no one be that good an actor , not even Snape . " " yeah … I be just say , though " say Ron . Harry turn to face him , frown . " you think I be right , though ? " " yeah , I do ! " say Ron hastily . " seriously , I do ! but they be all convince Snape 's in the order , be n't they ? " Harry say nothing . it have already occur to him that this would be the most likely objection to his new evidence ; he could hear Hermione now : obviously , Harry , he be pretend to offer help so he could trick Malfoy into tell him what he be do … this be pure imagination , however , as he have have no opportunity to tell Hermione what he have overhear . she have disappear from Slughorn 's party before he return to it , or so he have be inform by an irate McLaggen , and she have already go to bed by the time he return to the common room . as he and Ron have leave for the Burrow early the next day , he have barely have time to wish her a happy Christmas and to tell her that he have some very important news when they get back from the holiday . he be not entirely sure that she have hear him , though ; Ron and Lavender have be say a thoroughly nonverbal good-bye just behind him at the time . still , even Hermione would not be able to deny one thing : Malfoy be definitely up to something , and Snape know it , so Harry feel fully justified in say " I tell you so , " which he have do several time to Ron already . Harry do not get the chance to speak to Mr. Weasley , who be work very long hour at the Ministry , until Christmas Eve night . the Weasleys and their guest be sit in the live room , which Ginny have decorate so lavishly that it be rather like sit in a paper-chain explosion . Fred , George , Harry , and Ron be the only one who know that the angel on top of the tree be actually a garden gnome that have bite Fred on the ankle as he pull up carrot for Christmas dinner . stupefy , painted gold , stuff into a miniature tutu and with small wing glue to its back , it glower down at them all , the ugly angel Harry have ever see , with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy foot . they be all suppose to be listen to a Christmas broadcast by Mrs. Weasleys favorite singer , Celestina Warbeck , whose voice be warble out of the large wooden wireless set . Fleur , who seem to find Celestina very dull , be talk so loudly in the corner that a scowl Mrs. Weasley keep point her wand at the volume control , so that Celestina grow loud and loud . under cover of a particularly jazzy number call " a Cauldron Full of Hot , strong love , " Fred and George start a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny . Ron keep shoot Bill and Fleur covert look , as though hope to pick up tip . meanwhile , Remus Lupin , who be thin and more ragged-looking than ever , be sit beside the fire , stare into its depth as though he could not hear Celestinas voice . oh , come and stir my cauldron , and if you do it right , I will boil you up some hot strong love to keep you warm tonight . " we dance to this when we be eighteen ! " say Mrs. Weasley , wipe her eye on her knitting . " do you remember , Arthur ? " " Mphf ? " say Mr. Weasley , whose head have be nod over the satsuma he be peel . " oh yes … marvelous tune … " with an effort , he sit up a little straight and look around at Harry , who be sit next to him . " sorry about this , " he say , jerk his head toward the wireless as Celestina break into the chorus . " be over soon . " " no problem , " say Harry , grin . " have it be busy at the Ministry ? " " very , " say Mr. Weasley . " I would n't mind if we be get anywhere , but of the three arrest we have make in the last couple of month , I doubt that one of them be a genuine death eater - only do n't repeat that , Harry , " he add quickly , look much more awake all of a sudden . " they be not still hold Stan Shunpike , be they ? " ask Harry . " I be afraid so , " say Mr. Weasley . " I know Dumbledore 's try appeal directly to Scrimgeour about Stan … I mean , anybody who have actually interview him agree that he be about as much a Death Eater as this satsuma … but the top level want to look as though they be make some progress , and ' three arrest ' sound well than ' three mistaken arrest and release ' … but again , this be all top secret … " " I wo n't say anything , " say Harry . he hesitate for a moment , wonder how good to embark on what he want to say ; as he marshal his thought , Celestina Warbeck begin a ballad call " you charm the Heart right out of me . " " Mr. Weasley , you know what I tell you at the station when we be set off for school ? " " I check , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley at once . " I go and search the Malfoys ' house . there be nothing , either break or whole , that should n't have be there . " " yeah , I know , I see in the Prophet that you have look … but this be something different … well , something more … " and he tell Mr. Weasley everything he have overhear between Malfoy and Snape , as Harry speak , he see Lupin 's head turn a little toward him , take in every word . when he have finish , there be silence , except for Celestina 's croon . oh , my poor heart , where have it go ? it have leave me for a spell … " have it occur to you , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley , " that Snape be simply pretend - ? " " pretend to offer help , so that he could find out what Malfoy be up to ? " say Harry quickly . " yeah , I think you will say that . but how do we know ? " " it be n't our business to know , " say Lupin unexpectedly . he have turn his back on the fire now and face Harry across Mr. Weasley . " it be Dumbledore 's business . Dumbledore trust Severus , and that ought to be good enough for all of us . " " but , " say Harry , " just say - just say Dumbledores wrong about Snape - " " people have say it , many time . it come down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore 's judgment . I do ; therefore , I trust Severus . " " but Dumbledore can make mistake , " argue Harry . " he say it himself . and you " - he look Lupin straight in the eye - " do you honestly like Snape ? " " I neither like nor dislike Severus , " say Lupin . " no , Harry , I be speak the truth , " he add , as Harry pull a skeptical expression . " we shall never be bosom friend , perhaps ; after all that happen between James and Sirius and Severus , there be too much bitterness there . but I do not forget that during the year I teach at Hogwarts , Severus make the Wolfsbane Potion for me every month , make it perfectly , so that I do not have to suffer as I usually do at the full moon . " " but he ' accidentally ' let it slip that you be a werewolf , so you have to leave ! " say Harry angrily . lupin shrug . " the news would have leak out anyway . we both know he want my job , but he could have wreak much bad damage on me by tamper with the potion . he keep me healthy . I must be grateful . " " maybe he do n't dare mess with the potion with Dumbledore watch him ! " say Harry . " you be determine to hate him , Harry , " say Lupin with a faint smile . " and I understand ; with James as your father , with Sirius as your godfather , you have inherit an old prejudice . by all mean tell Dumbledore what you have tell Arthur and me , but do not expect him to share your view of the matter ; do not even expect him to be surprise by what you tell him . it might have be on Dumbledore 's order that Severus question Draco . " … and now you have tear it quite apart I will thank you to give back my heart ! Celestina end her song on a very long , high-pitched note and loud applause issue out of the wireless , which Mrs. Weasley join in with enthusiastically . " Eez eet over ? " say Fleur loudly . " thank goodness , what an ' orrible - " " Shall we have a nightcap , then ? " ask Mr. Weasley loudly , leap to his foot . " who want eggnog ? " " what have you be up to lately ? " Harry ask Lupin , as Mr , Weasley bustle off to fetch the eggnog , and everybody else stretch and break into conversation . " oh , I have be underground , " say Lupin . " almost literally . that be why I have n't be able to write , Harry ; send letter to you would have be something of a giveaway . " " what do you mean ? " " I have be live among my fellow , my equal , " say Lupin . " werewolf , " he add , at Harry 's look of incomprehension . " nearly all of them be on Voldemort 's side . Dumbledore want a spy and here I be … ready-made . " he sound a little bitter , and perhaps realize it , for he smile more warmly as he go on , " I be not complain ; it be necessary work and who can do it good than I ? however , it have be difficult gain their trust . I bear the unmistakable sign of have try to live among wizard , you see , whereas they have shun normal society and live on the margin , steal - and sometimes kill - to eat . " " how come they like Voldemort ? " " they think that , under his rule , they will have a good life , " say Lupin . " and it be hard to argue with Greyback out there … " " who be Greyback ? " " you have n't hear of him ? " lupin 's hand close convulsively in his lap . " Fenrir Greyback be , perhaps , the most savage werewolf alive today . he regard it as his mission in life to bite and to contaminate as many people as possible ; he want to create enough werewolf to overcome the wizard . Voldemort have promise him prey in return for his service . greyback specialize in child … bite them young , he say , and raise them away from their parent , raise them to hate normal wizard . Voldemort have threaten to unleash him upon people 's son and daughter ; it be a threat that usually produce good result . " lupin pause and then say , " it be Greyback who bite me . " " what ? " say Harry , astonish . " when - when you be a kid , you mean ? " " yes . my father have offend him . I do not know , for a very long time , the identity of the werewolf who have attack me ; I even feel pity for him , think that he have have no control , know by then how it feel to transform . but Greyback be not like that . at the full moon , he position himself close to victim , ensure that he be near enough to strike . he plan it all . and this be the man Voldemort be use to marshal the werewolf . I can pretend that my particular brand of reasoned argument be make much headway against Greyback 's insistence that we werewolf deserve blood , that we ought to revenge ourselves on normal people . " " but you be normal ! " say Harry fiercely . " you have just get a - a problem - " Lupin burst out laugh . " sometimes you remind me a lot of James . he call it my ' furry little problem ' in company . many people be under the impression that I own a badly behave rabbit . " he accept a glass of eggnog from Mr. Weasley with a word of thanks , look slightly more cheerful , Harry , meanwhile , feel a rush of excitement : this last mention of his father have remind him that there be something he have be look forward to ask-ing Lupin . " have you ever hear of someone call the Half-Blood Prince ? " " the Half-Blood what ? " " Prince , " say Harry , watch him closely for sign of recogni-tion . " there be no Wizarding prince , " say Lupin , now smile . " be this a title you be think of adopt ? I should have think being ' the Chosen One ' would be enough . " " it be nothing to do with me ! " say Harry indignantly . " the Half-Blood Prince be someone who use to go to Hogwarts , I have get his old potion book . he write spell all over it , spell he invent . one of them be Levicorpus - " " oh , that one have a great vogue during my time at Hogwarts , " say Lupin reminiscently . " there be a few month in my fifth year when you could n't move for be hoist into the air by your ankle . " " my dad use it , " say Harry . " I see him in the Pensieve , he use it on Snape . " he try to sound casual , as though this be a throwaway comment of no real importance , but he be not sure he have achieve the right effect ; Lupins smile be a little too understanding . " yes , " he say , " but he be n't the only one . as I say , it be very popular … you know how these spell come and go … " " but it sound like it be invent while you be at school , " Harry persist . " not necessarily , " say Lupin . " jinx go in and out of fashion like everything else . " he look into Harry 's face and then say quietly , " James be a pureblood , Harry , and I promise you , he never ask us to call him ' Prince . ' " Abandoning pretense , Harry say , " and it be n't Sirius ? or you ? " " definitely not . " " oh . " Harry stare into the fire . " I just think - well , he have help me out a lot in potion class , the Prince have . " " how old be this book , Harry ? " " I dunno , I have never check . " " well , perhaps that will give you some clue as to when the Prince be at Hogwarts , " say Lupin . shortly after this , Fleur decide to imitate Celestina sing " a Cauldron Full of Hot , strong love , " which be take by everyone , once they have glimpse Mrs. Weasley 's expression , to be the cue to go to bed . Harry and Ron climb all the way up to Ron 's attic bedroom , where a camp bed have be add for Harry . Ron fall asleep almost immediately , but Harry delve into his trunk and pull out his copy of Advanced Potion-Making before get into bed . there he turn its page , search , until he finally find , at the front of the book , the date that it have be pub-lished . it be nearly fifty year old . neither his father , nor his father 's friend , have be at Hogwarts fifty year ago . feel disappointed , Harry throw the book back into his trunk , turn off the lamp , and roll over , think of werewolf and Snape , Stan Shunpike and the Half-Blood Prince , and finally fall into an uneasy sleep full of creep shadow and the cry of bite child … " she be get to be joke … " Harry wake with a start to find a bulge stocking lie over the end of his bed . he put on his glass and look around ; the tiny window be almost completely obscure with snow and , in front of it , Ron be sit bolt upright in bed and examine what appear to be a thick gold chain . " what be that ? " ask Harry . " it be from Lavender , " say Ron , sound revolt . " she ca n't honestly think I will wear … " Harry look more closely and let out a shout of laughter . dangle from the chain in large gold letter be the word : " my sweetheart " " Nice , " he say . " classy . you should definitely wear it in front of Fred and George . " " if you tell them , " say Ron , shove the necklace out of sight under his pillow , " I - I - I will - " " Stutter at me ? " say Harry , grin . " come on , would I ? " " how could she think I will like something like that , though ? " Ron demand of thin air , look rather shocked . " well , think back , " say Harry . " have you ever let it slip that you will like to go out in public with the word ' My Sweetheart ' round your neck ? " " well … we do n't really talk much , " say Ron . " it be mainly … " " Snogging , " say Harry . " well , yeah , " say Ron . he hesitate a moment , then say , " be Hermione really go out with McLaggen ? " " I dunno , " say Harry . " they be at Slughorn 's party together , but I do n't think it go that well . " Ron look slightly more cheerful as he delve deep into his stocking . Harry 's present include a sweater with a large Golden Snitch work onto the front , handknitted by Mrs. Weasley , a large box of Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes product from the twin , and a slightly damp , moldy-smelling package that come with a label read to Master , from Kreacher . Harry stare at it . " D'you reckon this be safe to open ? " he ask . " can n't be anything dangerous , all our mail be still be search at the Ministry , " reply Ron , though he be eye the parcel suspiciously . " I do n't think of give Kreacher anything . do people usually give their house-elves Christmas present ? " ask Harry , prod the parcel cautiously . " Hermione would , " say Ron . " but let be wait and see what it be before you start feel guilty . " a moment later , Harry have give a loud yell and leap out of his camp bed ; the package contain a large number of maggot . " nice , " say Ron , roar with laughter . " very thoughtful . " " I will rather have them than that necklace , " say Harry , which sober Ron up at once . everybody be wear new sweater when they all sit down for Christmas lunch , everyone except Fleur ( on whom , it appear , Mrs. Weasley have not want to waste one ) and Mrs. Weasley herself , who be sport a brand-new midnight blue witch 's hat glitter with what look like tiny starlike diamond , and a spectacular golden necklace . " Fred and George give them to me ! be n't they beautiful ? " " well , we find we appreciate you more and more , Mum , now we be wash our own sock , " say George , wave an airy hand . " parsnip , Remus ? " " Harry , you have get a maggot in your hair , " say Ginny cheerfully , lean across the table to pick it out ; Harry feel goose bump erupt up his neck that have nothing to do with the maggot . " ' Ow ' orrible , " say Fleur , with an affected little shudder . " yes , be n't it ? " say Ron . " gravy , Fleur ? " in his eagerness to help her , he knock the gravy boat fly ; Bill wave his wand and the gravy soar up in the air and return meekly to the boat . " you be as bad as zat Tonks , " say Fleur to Ron , when she have finish kiss bill in thanks . " she be always knock - " " I invite dear Tonks to come along today , " say Mrs. Weasley , set down the carrot with unnecessary force and glaring at Fleur . " but she would n't come . have you speak to her lately , Remus ? " " no , I have n't be in contact with anybody very much , " say Lupin . " but Tonks have get her own family to go to , have n't she ? " " hmmm , " say Mrs. Weasley . " maybe . I get the impression she be plan to spend Christmas alone , actually . " she give Lupin an annoyed look , as though it be all his fault she be get Fleur for a daughter-in-law instead of Tonks , but Harry , glance across at Fleur , who be now feed Bill bit of turkey off her own fork , think that Mrs. Weasley be fight a long-lost battle . he be , however , remind of a question he have with regard to Tonks , and who better to ask than Lupin , the man who know all about Patronuses ? " Tonks 's Patronus have change its form , " he tell him . " Snape say so anyway . I do n't know that could happen . why would your Patronus change ? " lupin take his time chew his turkey and swallow before say slowly , " sometimes … a great shock … an emotional up-heaval … " " it look big , and it have four leg , " say Harry , strike by a sud-den thought and lower his voice . " hey … it could n't be - ? " " Arthur ! " say Mrs. Weasley suddenly . she have rise from her chair ; her hand be press over her heart and she be stare out of the kitchen window . " Arthur - it be Percy ! " " what ? " Mr. Weasley look around . everybody look quickly at the window ; Ginny stand up for a good look . there , sure enough , be Percy Weasley , stride across the snowy yard , his hornrimmed glass glint in the sunlight . he be not , however , alone . " Arthur , he be - he be with the Minister ! " and sure enough , the man Harry have see in the Daily Prophet be follow along in Percy 's wake , limp slightly , his mane of gray hair and his black cloak fleck with snow . before any of , them could say anything , before Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could do more than exchange stun look , the back door open and there stand Percy . there be a moment 's painful silence . then Percy say rather stiffly , " Merry Christmas , Mother . " " oh , Percy ! " say Mrs. Weasley , and she throw herself into his arm . Rufus Scrimgeour pause in the doorway , lean on his walk stick and smile as he observe this affect scene . " you must forgive this intrusion , " he say , when Mrs. Weasley look around at him , beam and wipe her eye . " Percy and I be in the vicinity - work , you know - and he could n't resist drop in and see you all . " but Percy show no sign of want to greet any of the rest of the family . he stand , pokerstraight and awkward-looking , and stare over everybody else 's head . Mr. Weasley , Fred , and George be all observe him , stony-faced . " please , come in , sit down , Minister ! " flutter Mrs. Weasley , straighten her hat . " have a little purkey , or some tooding … I mean - " " no , no , my dear Molly , " say Scrimgeour . Harry guess that he have check her name with Percy before they enter the house . " I do n't want to intrude , would n't be here at all if Percy have n't want to see you all so badly … " " oh , Perce ! " say Mrs. Weasley tearfully , reach up to kiss him . " … we have only look in for five minute , so I will have a stroll around the yard while you catch up with Percy . no , no , I assure you I do n't want to butt in ! well , if anybody care to show me your charming garden … ah , that young man be finished , why do n't he take a stroll with me ? " the atmosphere around the table change perceptibly . everybody look from Scrimgeour to Harry . nobody seem to find Scrimgeour 's pretense that he do not know Harry 's name convincing , or find it natural that he should be choose to accompany the Minister around the garden when Ginny , Fleur , and George also have clean plate . " yeah , all right , " say Harry into the silence . he be not fool ; for all Scrimgeour 's talk that they have just be in the area , that Percy want to look up his family , this must be the real reason that they have come , so that Scrimgeour could speak to Harry alone . " it be fine , " he say quietly , as he pass Lupin , who have half rise from his chair . " fine , " he add , as Mr. Weasley open his mouth to speak . " wonderful ! " say Scrimgeour , stand back to let Harry pass through the door ahead of him . " we will just take a turn around the garden , and Percy and I will be off . carry on , everyone ! " Harry walk across the yard toward the Weasleys ' overgrow , snow-covered garden , Scrimgeour limp slightly at his side . he have , Harry know , be Head of the Auror office ; he look tough and battle-scarred , very different from portly Fudge in his bowler hat . " charming , " say Scrimgeour , stop at the garden fence and look out over the snowy lawn and the indistinguishable plant . " charming . " Harry say nothing . he could tell that Scrimgeour be watch him . " I have want to meet you for a very long time , " say Scrimgeour , after a few moment . " do you know that ? " " no , " say Harry truthfully . " oh yes , for a very long time . but Dumbledore have be very protective of you , " say Scrimgeour . " natural , of course , natural , after what you have be through … especially what happen at the Ministry … " he wait for Harry to say something , but Harry do not oblige , so he go on , " I have be hope for an occasion to talk to you ever since I gain office , but Dumbledore have - most understandably , as I say - prevent this . " still , Harry say nothing , wait . " the rumor that have flow around ! " say Scrimgeour . " well , of course , we both know how these story get distorted … all these whisper of a prophecy … of you be ' the Chosen One ' … " they be get near it now , Harry think , the reason Scrimgeour be here . " I assume that Dumbledore have discuss these matter with you ? " Harry deliberate , wonder whether he ought to lie or not . he look at the little gnome print all around the flowerbed , ami the scuffed-up patch that mark the spot where Fred have catch the gnome now wear the tutu at the top of the Christmas tree . finally , he decide on the truth … or a bit of it . " yeah , we have discuss it . " " have you , have you … " say Scrimgeour . Harry could see , out of the corner of his eye , Scrimgeour squint at him , so he pretend to be very interested in a gnome that have just poke its head out from underneath a frozen rhododendron . " and what have Dumbledore tell you , Harry ? " " sorry , but that be between us , " say Harry . he keep his voice as pleasant as he could , and Scrimgeour 's tone , too , be light and friendly as he say , " oh , of course , if it be a question of confidence , I would n't want you to divulge … no , no … and in any case , do it really matter whether you be ' the Chosen One ' or not ? " Harry have to mull that one over for a few second before re-sponding . " I do n't really know what you mean , Minister . " " well , of course , to you it will matter enormously , " say Scrimgeour with a laugh . " but to the Wizarding community at large … it be all perception , be n't it ? it be what people believe that be important . " Harry say nothing . he think he see , dimly , where they be head , but he be not go to help Scrimgeour get there . the gnome under the rhododendron be now dig for worm at its root , and Harry keep his eye fix upon it . " people believe you be ' the Chosen one , ' you see , " say Scrimgeour . " they think you quite the hero - which , of course , you be , Harry , choose or not ! how many time have you face HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named now ? well , anyway , " he press on , without wait for a reply , " the point be , you be a symbol of hope for many , Harry . the idea that there be somebody out there who might be able , who might even be destine , to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named - well , naturally , it give people a lift . and I ca n't help but feel that , once you realize this , you might consider it , well , almost a duty , to stand alongside the Ministry , and give everyone a boost . " the gnome have just manage to get hold of a worm . it be now tug very hard on it , try to get it out of the frozen ground . Harry be silent so long that Scrimgeour say , look from Harry to the gnome , " funny little chap , be n't they ? but what say you , Harry ? " " I do n't exactly understand what you want , " say Harry slowly . " ' stand alongside the Ministry ' … what do that mean ? " " oh , well , nothing at all onerous , I assure you , " say Scrimgeour . " if you be to be see pop in and out of the Ministry from time to time , for instance , that would give the right impression . and of course , while you be there , you would have ample opportunity to speak to Gawain Robards , my successor as Head of the Auror office . Dolores Umbridge have tell me that you cherish an ambition to become an Auror . well , that could be arrange very easily … " Harry feel anger bubble in the pit of his stomach : so Dolores Umbridge be still at the Ministry , be she ? " so basically , " he say , as though he just want to clarify a few point , " you will like to give the impression that I be work for the Ministry ? " " it would give everyone a lift to think you be more involve , Harry , " say Scrimgeour , sound relieved that Harry have cotton on so quickly . " ' the Chosen one , ' you know … it be all about give people hope , the feeling that exciting thing be happen … " " but if I keep run in and out of the Ministry , " say Harry , still endeavor to keep his voice friendly , " wo n't that seem as though I approve of what the Ministry be up to ? " " well , " say Scrimgeour , frown slightly , " well , yes , that be partly why we will like - " " no , I do n't think that will work , " say Harry pleasantly . " you see , I do n't like some of the thing the Ministry be do . lock up Stan Shunpike , for instance . " Scrimgeour do not speak for a moment but his expression harden instantly . " I would not expect you to understand , " he say , and he be not as successful at keep anger out of his voice as Harry have be . " these be dangerous time , and certain measure need to be take . you be sixteen year old - " " Dumbledore be a lot old than sixteen , and he do n't think Stan should be in Azkaban either , " say Harry . " you be make Stan a scapegoat , just like you want to make me a mascot . " they look at each other , long and hard . finally Scrimgeour say , with no pretense at warmth , " I see . you prefer - like your hero , Dumbledore - to disassociate yourself from the Ministry ? " " I do n't want to be use , " say Harry . " some would say it be your duty to be use by the Ministry ! " " yeah , and other might say it be your duty to check that people really be death eater before you chuck them in prison , " say Harry , his temper rise now . " you be do what Barty Crouch do . you never get it right , you people , do you ? either we have get Fudge , pretend everything 's lovely while people get murder right under his nose , or we have get you , chuck the wrong people into jail and try to pretend you have get ' the Chosen One ' work for you ! " ' " so you be not ' the Chosen One ' ? " say Scrimgeour . " I think you say it do n't matter either way ? " say Harry , with a bitter laugh . " not to you anyway . " " I should n't have say that , " say Scrimgeour quickly . " it be tactless - " " no , it be honest , " say Harry . " one of the only honest thing you have say to me . you do n't care whether I live or die , but you do care that I help you convince everyone you be win the war against Voldemort . I have n't forget , Minister … " he raise his right fist . there , shine white on the back of his cold hand , be the scar which Dolores Umbridge have force him to carve into his own flesh : I must not tell lie . " I do n't remember you rush to my defense when I be try to tell everyone Voldemort be back . the Ministry be n't so keen to be pal last year . " they stand in silence as icy as the ground beneath their foot . the gnome have finally manage to extricate his worm and be now sucking on it happily , lean against the bottommost branch of the rhododendron bush . " what be Dumbledore up to ? " say Scrimgeour brusquely . " where do he go when he be absent from Hogwarts ? " " no idea , " say Harry . " and you would n't tell me if you know , " say Scrimgeour , " would you ? " " no , I would n't , " say Harry . " well , then , I shall have to see whether I ca n't find out by other mean . " " you can try , " say Harry indifferently . " but you seem clever than Fudge , so I will have think you will have learn from his mistake . he try interfere at Hogwarts . you might have notice he be not Minister anymore , but Dumbledore 's still headmaster . I will leave Dumbledore alone , if I be you . " there be a long pause . " well , it be clear to me that he have do a very good job on you , " say Scrimgeour , his eye cold and hard behind his wire-rimmed glass , " Dumbledore 's man through and through , be n't you , Potter ? " " yeah , I be , " say Harry . " glad we straighten that out . " and turn his back on the Minister of Magic , he stride back toward the house . chapter SEVENTEEN a sluggish Memory Late in the afternoon , a few day after New Year , Harry , Ron , and Ginny line up beside the kitchen fire to return to Hogwarts . the Ministry have arrange this one-off connection to the Floo Network to return student quickly and safely to the school . only Mrs. Weasley be there to say good-bye , as Mr. Weasley , Fred , George , Bill , and Fleur be all at work . Mrs. Weasley dissolve into tear at the moment of parting . admittedly , it take very little to set her off lately ; she have be cry on and off ever since Percy have storm from the house on Christmas Day with his glass splatter with mash parsnip ( for which Fred , George , and Ginny all claim credit ) . " do n't cry , Mum , " say Ginny , pat her on the back as Mrs. Weasley sob into her shoulder . " it be okay … " " Yeah , do n't worry about us , " say Ron , permit his mother to plant a very wet kiss on his cheek , " or about Percy . he be such a prat , it be not really a loss , be it ? " Mrs. Weasley sob harder than ever as she enfold Harry in her arm . " promise me you will look after yourself … Stay out of trouble … " " I always do , Mrs. Weasley , " say Harry . " I like a quiet life , you know me . " she give a watery chuckle and stand back . " be good , then , all of you … " Harry step into the emerald fire and shout " Hogwarts ! " he have one last fleeting view of the Weasleys ' kitchen and Mrs. Weasley 's tearful face before the flame engulf him ; spin very fast , he catch blur glimpse of other Wizarding room , which be whip out of sight before he could get a proper look ; then he be slow down , finally stop squarely in the fireplace in Professor McGonagall 's office . she barely glance up from her work as he clamber out over the grate . " evening , Potter . try not to get too much ash on the carpet . " " no , Professor . " Harry straighten his glass and flatten his hair as Ron come spin into view . when Ginny have arrive , all three of them troop out of McGonagall 's office and off toward Gryffindor Tower . Harry glance out of the corridor window as they pass ; the sun be already sink over ground carpet in deep snow than have lie over the Burrow garden . in the distance , he could see Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in front of his cabin . " bauble , " say Ron confidently , when they reach the Fat Lady , who be look rather pale than usual and wince at his loud voice . " no , " she say . " what d'you mean , ' no ' ? " there be a new password , " she say . " and please do n't shout . " " but we have be away , how be we suppose to - ? " " Harry ! Ginny ! " Hermione be hurry toward them , very pink-faced and wear a cloak , hat , and glove . " I get back a couple of hour ago , I have just be down to visit Hagrid and Buck - I mean Witherwings , " she say breathlessly . " do you have a good Christmas ? " " yeah , " say Ron at once , " pretty eventful , Rufus Scrim - " " I have get something for you , Harry , " say Hermione , neither look at Ron nor give any sign that she have hear him . " oh , hang on - password . abstinence . " " precisely , " say the Fat Lady in a feeble voice , and swing forward to reveal the portrait hole . " what be up with her ? " ask Harry . " overindulge over Christmas , apparently , " say Hermione , roll her eye as she lead the way into the packed common room . " she and her friend Violet drink their way through all the wine in that picture of drunk monk down by the Charms corridor . anyway … " she rummage in her pocket for a moment , then pull out a scroll of parchment with Dumbledore 's writing on it . " great , " say Harry , unroll it at once to discover that his next lesson with Dumbledore be schedule for the follow night . " I have get load to tell him - and you . let be sit down - " but at that moment there be a loud squeal of " Won-Won ! " and Lavender Brown come hurtle out of nowhere and fling herself into Ron 's arm . several onlooker snigger ; Hermione give a tinkling laugh and say , " there be a table over here … Coming , Ginny ? " " no , thanks , I say I will meet Dean , " say Ginny , though Harry could not help notice that she do not sound very enthusiastic . leave Ron and Lavender lock in a kind of vertical wrestling , match , Harry lead Hermione over to the spare table . " so how be your Christmas ? " " oh , fine , " she shrug . " nothing special . how be it at Won-Won 's ? " " I will tell you in a minute , " say Harry . " look , Hermione , ca n't you - " " no , I ca n't , " she say flatly . " so do n't even ask . " " I think maybe , you know , over Christmas - " " it be the Fat Lady who drink a vat of five-hundred-year-old wine , Harry , not me . so what be this important news you want to tell me ? " she look too fierce to argue with at that moment , so Harry drop the subject of Ron and recount all that he have overhear between Malfoy and Snape . when he have finish , Hermione sit in thought for a moment and then say , " do n't you think - ? " " - he be pretend to offer help so that he could trick Malfoy into tell him what he be do ? " " well , yes , " say Hermione . " Ron 's dad and Lupin think so , " Harry say grudgingly . " but this definitely prove Malfoy 's planning something , you ca n't deny that . " " no , I ca n't , " she answer slowly . " and he be act on Voldemort 's order , just like I say ! " " hmm … do either of them actually mention Voldemort 's name ? " Harry frown , try to remember . " I be not sure … Snape definitely say ' your master , ' and who else would that be ? " " I do n't know , " say Hermione , bite her lip . " maybe his father ? " she stare across the room , apparently lose in thought , not even notice Lavender tickle Ron . " how be Lupin ? " " not great , " say Harry , and he tell her all about Lupin 's mission among the werewolf and the difficulty he be face . " have you hear of this Fenrir Greyback ? " " yes , I have ! " say Hermione , sound startle . " and so have you , Harry ! " " when , history of Magic ? you know full well I never listen … " " no , no , not history of Magic - Malfoy threaten Borgin with him ! " say Hermione . " back in Knockturn Alley , do n't you remember ? he tell Borgin that Greyback be an old family friend and that he will be check up on Borgin 's progress ! " Harry gape at her . " I forget ! but this prove Malfoys a Death Eater , how else could he be in contact with Greyback and tell him what to do ? " " it be pretty suspicious , " breathe Hermione . " unless … " " oh , come on , " say Harry in exasperation , " you ca n't get around this one ! " " well … there be the possibility it be an empty threat . " " you be unbelievable , you be , " say Harry , shake his head . " we will see who be right … you will be eat your word , Hermione , just like the Ministry . oh yeah , I have a row with Rufus Scrimgeour as well … " and the rest of the evening pass amicably with both of them abuse the Minister of Magic , for Hermione , like Ron , think that after all the Ministry have put Harry through the previous year , they have a great deal of nerve ask him for help now . the new term start next morning with a pleasant surprise for the sixth year : a large sign have be pin to the common room notice board overnight . apparition lesson if you be seventeen year of age , or will turn seventeen on or before the 31st August next , you be eligible for a twelve-week course of Apparition Lessons from a Ministry of Magic Apparition instructor . please sign below if you would like to participate . cost : @card@ Galleons . Harry and Ron join the crowd that be jostle around the notice and take it in turn to write their name at the bottom . Ron be just take out his quill to sign after Hermione when Lavender creep up behind him , slip her hand over his eye , and trill , " Guess who , WonWon ? " Harry turn to see Hermione stalk off ; he catch up with her , have no wish to stay behind with Ron and Lavender , but to his surprise , Ron catch up with them only a little way beyond the portrait hole , his ear bright red and his expression disgruntle . without a word , Hermione speed up to walk with Neville . " so - Apparition , " say Ron , his tone make it perfectly plain that Harry be not to mention what have just happen . " should be a laugh , eh ? " " I dunno , " say Harry . " maybe it be well when you do it yourself , I do n't enjoy it much when Dumbledore take me along for the ride . " " I forget you have already do it … I will well pass my test first time , " say Ron , look anxious . " Fred and George do . " " Charlie fail , though , do n't he ? " " yeah , but Charlie 's big than me " - Ron hold his arm out from his body as though he be a gorilla - " so Fred and George do n't go on about it much … not to his face anyway … " " when can we take the actual test ? " " soon as we be seventeen . that be only March for me ! " " yeah , but you would n't be able to Apparate in here , not in the castle … " " not the point , be it ? everyone would know I could Apparate if I want . " Ron be not the only one to be excite at the prospect of Apparition . all that day there be much talk about the forthcoming , lesson ; a great deal of store be set by be able to vanish and reappear at will . " how cool will it be when we can just - " Seamus click his ringer to indicate disappearance . " me cousin Fergus do it just to annoy me , you wait till I can do it back … he will never have another peaceful moment … " Lost in vision of this happy prospect , he flick his wand a little too enthusiastically , so that instead of produce the fountain of pure water that be the object of today 's Charms lesson , he let out a hoselike jet that ricochet off the ceiling and knock Professor Flitwick flat on his face . " Harry 's already Apparated , " Ron tell a slightly abash Seamus , after Professor Flitwick have dry himself off with a wave of his wand and set Seamus line : " I be a wizard , not a baboon brandish a stick . " " Dum - er - someone take him . Side-Along-Apparition , you know . " " Whoa ! " whisper Seamus , and he , Dean , and Neville put their head a little close to hear what Apparition feel like . for the rest of the day , Harry be besiege with request from the other sixth year to describe the sensation of Apparition . all of them seem awe , rather than put off , when he tell them how uncomfortable it be , and he be still answer detailed question at ten to eight that evening , when he be force to lie and say that he need to return a book to the library , so as to escape in time for his lesson with Dumbledore . the lamp in Dumbledore 's office be light , the portrait of previous headmaster be snore gently in their frame , and the Pen-sieve be ready upon the desk once more . Dumbledore 's hand lie on either side of it , the right one as blacken and burnt-looking as ever . it do not seem to have heal at all and Harry wonder , for perhaps the hundredth time , what have cause such a distinctive injury , but do not ask ; Dumbledore have say that he would know eventually and there be , in any case , another subject he want to discuss . but before Harry could say anything about Snape and Malfoy , Dumbledore speak . " I hear that you meet the Minister of Magic over Christmas ? " " yes , " say Harry . " he be not very happy with me . " " no , " sigh Dumbledore . " he be not very happy with me either . we must try not to sink beneath our anguish , Harry , but battle on . " Harry grin . " he want me to tell the Wizarding community that the Ministry be do a wonderful job . " Dumbledore smile . " it be Fudge 's idea originally , you know . during his last day in office , when he be try desperately to cling to his post , he seek a meeting with you , hope that you would give him your support - " " after everything Fudge do last year ? " say Harry angrily . " after Umbridge ? " " I tell Cornelius there be no chance of it , but the idea do not die when he leave office . within hour of Scrimgeour 's appointment we meet and he demand that I arrange a meeting with you - " " so that be why you argue ! " Harry blurt out . " it be in the Daily Prophet " " the Prophet be bind to report the truth occasionally , " say Dumbledore , " if only accidentally . yes , that be why we argue . well , it appear that Rufus find a way to corner you at last . " " he accuse me of be ' Dumbledore 's man through and through . ' " " how very rude of him . " " I tell him I be . " Dumbledore open his mouth to speak and then close it again . behind Harry , Fawkes the phoenix let out a low , soft , musical cry . to Harry 's intense embarrassment , he suddenly realize that Dumbledore 's bright blue eye look rather watery , and stare hastily at his own knee . when Dumbledore speak , however , his voice be quite steady . " I be very touch , Harry . " " Scrimgeour want to know where you go when you be not at Hogwarts , " say Harry , still look fixedly at his knee . " yes , he be very nosy about that , " say Dumbledore , now sound cheerful , and Harry think it safe to look up again . " he have even attempt to have me follow . amusing , really . he set Dawlish to tail me . it be n't kind . I have already be force to jinx Dawlish once ; I do it again with the great regret . " " so they still do n't know where you go ? " ask Harry , hope for more information on this intriguing subject , but Dumbledore merely smile over the top of his half-moon spectacle . " no , they do n't , and the time be not quite right for you to know either . now , I suggest we press on , unless there be anything else - ? " " there be , actually , sir , " say Harry . " it be about Malfoy and Snape . " " Professor Snape , Harry . " " yes , sir . I overhear them during Professor Slughorns party … well , I follow them , actually … " Dumbledore listen to Harry 's story with an impassive face . when Harry have finish he do not speak for a few moment , then say , " thank you for tell me this , Harry , but I suggest that you put it out of your mind . I do not think that it be of great importance . " " not of great importance ? " repeat Harry incredulously . " professor , do you understand - ? " " yes , Harry , bless as I be with extraordinary brainpower , I understand everything you tell me , " say Dumbledore , a little sharply . " I think you might even consider the possibility that I understand more than you do . again , I be glad that you have confide in me , but let me reassure you that you have not tell me anything that cause me disquiet . " Harry sit in seething silence , glare at Dumbledore . what be go on ? do this mean that Dumbledore have indeed order Snape to find out what Malfoy be do , in which case he have already hear everything Harry have just tell him from Snape ? or be he really worried by what he have hear , but pretend not to be ? " so , sir , " say Harry , in what he hope be a polite , calm voice , " you definitely still trust - ? " " I have be tolerant enough to answer that question already , " say Dumbledore , but he do not sound very tolerant anymore . " my answer have not change . " " I should think not , " say a snide voice ; Phineas Nigellus be evidently only pretend to be asleep . Dumbledore ignore him . " and now , Harry , I must insist that we press on . I have more important thing to discuss with you this evening . " Harry sit there feel mutinous . how would it be if he refuse to permit the change of subject , if he insist upon argue the case against Malfoy ? as though he have read Harry 's mind , Dumbledore shake his head . " ah , Harry , how often this happen , even between the good of friend ! each of us believe that what he have to say be much more important than anything the other might have to contribute ! " " I do n't think what you have get to say be unimportant , sir , " say Harry stiffly . " well , you be quite right , because it be not , " say Dumbledore briskly . " I have two more memory to show you this evening , both obtain with enormous difficulty , and the second of them be , I think , the most important I have collect . " Harry do not say anything to this ; he still feel angry at the reception his confidence have receive , but could not see what be to be gain by argue further . " so , " say Dumbledore , in a ringing voice , " we meet this evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle , whom we leave last lesson poise on the threshold of his year at Hogwarts . you will remember how excited he be to hear that he be a wizard , that he refuse my company on a trip to Diagon Alley , and that I , in turn , warn him against continued thievery when he arrive at school . " well , the start of the school year arrive and with it come Tom Riddle , a quiet boy in his secondhand robe , who line up with the other first year to be sort . he be place in Slytherin House almost the moment that the Sorting Hat touch his head , " continue Dumbledore , wave his blacken hand toward the shelf over his head where the Sorting Hat sit , ancient and unmove . " how soon Riddle learn that the famous founder of the House could talk to snake , I do not know - perhaps that very evening . the knowledge can only have excite him and increase his sense of self-importance . " however , if he be frighten or impress fellow Slytherins with display of Parseltongue in their common room , no hint of it reach the staff . he show no sign of outward arrogance or aggression at all . as an unusually talented and very good-looking orphan , he naturally draw attention and sympathy from the staff almost from the moment of his arrival . he seem polite , quiet , and thirsty for knowledge . nearly all be most favorably impress by him . " " do n't you tell them , sir , what he have be like when you meet him at the orphanage ? " ask Harry . " no , I do not . though he have show no hint of remorse , it be possible that he feel sorry for how he have behave before and be resolve to turn over a fresh leaf . I choose to give him that chance . " Dumbledore pause and look inquiringly at Harry , who have open his mouth to speak . here , again , be Dumbledore 's tendency to trust people in spite of overwhelming evidence that they do not deserve it ! but then Harry remember something … " but you do n't really trust him , sir , do you ? he tell me … the Riddle who come out of that diary say , ' Dumbledore never seem to like me as much as the other teacher do . ' " " let us say that I do not take it for grant that he be trustworthy , " say Dumbledore . " I have , as I have already indicate , resolve to keep a close eye upon him , and so I do . I can pretend that I glean a great deal from my observation at first . he be very guard with me ; he feel , I be sure , that in the thrill of discover his true identity he have tell me a little too much . he be careful never to reveal as much again , but he could not take back what he have let slip in his excitement , nor what Mrs. Cole have confide in me . however , he have the sense never to try and charm me as he charm so many of my colleague . " as he move up the school , he gather about him a group of dedicated friend ; I call them that , for want of a good term , although as I have already indicate , Riddle undoubtedly feel no affection for any of them . this group have a kind of dark glamour within the castle . they be a motley collection ; a mixture of the weak seek protection , the ambitious seek some shared glory , and the thuggish gravitate toward a leader who could show them more refined form of cruelty . in other word , they be the forerunner of the Death Eaters , and indeed some of them become the first death eater after leave Hogwarts . " rigidly control by Riddle , they be never detect in open wrongdoing , although their seven year at Hogwarts be mark by a number of nasty incident to which they be never satisfactorily link , the most serious of which be , of course , the opening of the Chamber of Secrets , which result in the death of a girl . as you know , Hagrid be wrongly accuse of that crime . " I have not be able to find many memory of Riddle at Hogwarts , " say Dumbledore , place his wither hand on the Pensieve . " few who know him then be prepare to talk about him ; they be too terrify . what I know , I find out after he have leave Hogwarts , after much painstaking effort , after trace those few who could be trick into speaking , after search old record and question Muggle and wizard witness alike . " those whom I could persuade to talk tell me that Riddle be obsess with his parentage . this be understandable , of course ; he have grow up in an orphanage and naturally wish to know how he come to be there . it seem that he search in vain for some trace of Tom Riddle senior on the shield in the trophy room , on the list of prefect in the old school record , even in the book of Wizarding history . finally he be force to accept that his father have never set foot in Hogwarts . I believe that it be then that he drop the name forever , assume the identity of Lord Voldemort , and begin his investigation into his previously despise mother 's family - the woman whom , you will remember , he have think could not be a witch if she have succumb to the shameful human weakness of death . " all he have to go upon be the single name ' Marvolo , ' which he know from those who run the orphanage have be his mother 's father 's name . finally , after painstaking research , through old book of Wizarding family , he discover the existence of Slytherin 's survive line . in the summer of his sixteenth year , he leave the orphanage to which he return annually and set off to find his Gaunt relative . and now , Harry , if you will stand … " Dumbledore rise , and Harry see that he be again hold a small crystal bottle fill with swirling , pearly memory . " I be very lucky to collect this , " he say , as he pour the gleam mass into the Pensieve . " as you will understand when we have experience it . shall we ? " Harry step up to the stone basin and bow obediently until his face sink through the surface of the memory ; he feel the familiar sensation of fall through nothingness and then land upon a dirty stone floor in almost total darkness . it take him several second to recognize the place , by which time Dumbledore have land beside him . the Gaunts ' house be now more indescribably filthy than anywhere Harry have ever see . the ceiling be thick with cobweb , the floor coat in grime ; moldy and rot food lie upon the table amidst a mass of crust pot . the only light come from a single guttering candle place at the foot of a man with hair and beard so overgrow Harry could see neither eye nor mouth . he be slump in an armchair by the fire , and Harry wonder for a moment whether he be dead . but then there come a loud knock on the door and the man jerk awake , raise a wand in his right hand and a short knife in his left . the door creak open . there on the threshold , hold an old-fashioned lamp , stand a boy Harry recognize at once : tall , pale , dark-haired , and handsome - the teenage Voldemort . Voldemort 's eye move slowly around the hovel and then find the man in the armchair . for a few second they look at each other , then the man stagger upright , the many empty bottle at his foot clatter and tinkle across the floor . " you ! " he bellow . " you ! " and he hurtle drunkenly at Riddle , wand and knife hold aloft . " stop . " Riddle speak in Parseltongue . the man skid into the table , send moldy pot crash to the floor . he stare at Riddle . there be a long silence while they contemplate each other . the man break it . " you speak it ? " " yes , I speak it , " say Riddle . he move forward into the room , allow the door to swing shut behind him . Harry could not help but feel a resentful admiration for Voldemort 's complete lack of fear . his race merely express disgust and , perhaps , disappointment . " where be Marvolo ? " he ask . " dead , " say the other . " die year ago , do n't he ? " Riddle frown . " who be you , then ? " " I be Morfin , ai n't I ? " " Marvolo 's son ? " " ' Course I be , then … " Morfin push the hair out of his dirty face , the well to see Riddle , and Harry see that he wear Marvolo 's black-stoned ring on his right hand . " I think you be that Muggle , " whisper Morfin . " you look mighty like that Muggle . " " what Muggle ? " say Riddle sharply . " that Muggle what my sister take a fancy to , that Muggle what live in the big house over the way , " say Morfin , and he spit unexpectedly upon the floor between them . " you look right like him . riddle . but he be old now , in ' e ? he be older'n you , now I think on it … " Morfin look slightly daze and sway a little , still clutch the edge of the table for support . " he come back , see , " he add stupidly . Voldemort be gaze at Morfin as though appraise his possibility . now he move a little close and say , " Riddle come back ? " " Ar , he leave her , and serve her right , marry filth ! " say Morfin , spit on the floor again . " rob us , mind , before she run off . , where be the locket , eh , where be Slytherin 's locket ? " Voldemort do not answer . Morfin be work himself into a rage again ; he brandish his knife and shout , " Dishonored us , she do , that little slut ! and who be you , come here and ask question about all that ? it be over , innit … it be over … " he look away , stagger slightly , and Voldemort move forward . as he do so , an unnatural darkness fall , extinguish Voldemort 's lamp and Morfin 's candle , extinguish everything … Dumbledore 's finger close tightly around Harry 's arm and they be soar back into the present again . the soft golden light in Dumbledore 's office seem to dazzle Harry 's eye after that impenetrable darkness . " be that all ? " say Harry at once . " why do it go dark , what happen ? " " because Morfin could not remember anything from that point onward , " say Dumbledore , gesture Harry back into his seat . " when he awake next morning , he be lie on the floor , quite alone . Marvolo 's ring have go . " meanwhile , in the village of Little Hangleton , a maid be run along the High Street , scream that there be three body lie in the draw room of the big house : Tom Riddle Senior and his mother and father . " the Muggle authority be perplex . as far as I be aware , they do not know to this day how the Riddles die , for the Avada Kedavra curse do not usually leave any sign of damage … the exception sit before me , " Dumbledore add , with a nod to Harry 's scar . " the Ministry , on the other hand , know at once that this be a wizard 's murder . they also know that a convict Muggle-hater live across the valley from the Riddle house , a Muggle-hater who have already be imprison once for attack one of the murder people . " so the Ministry call upon Morfin . they do not need to question him , to use Veritaserum or Legilimency . he admit to the murder on the spot , give detail only the murderer could know . he be proud , he say , to have kill the Muggles , have be await his chance all these year . he hand over his wand , which be prove at once to have be use to kill the Riddles . and he permit himself to be lead off to Azkaban without a fight . all that disturb him be the fact that his father ring have disappear . ' he will kill me for lose it , ' he tell his captor over and over again . ' he will kill me for lose his ring . ' and that , apparently , be all he ever say again . he live out the remainder of his life in Azkaban , lament the loss of Marvolo 's last heirloom , and be bury beside the prison , alongside the other poor soul who have expire within its wall . " " so Voldemort steal Morfin 's wand and use it ? " say Harry , sit up straight . " that be right , " say Dumbledore . " we have no memory to show us this , but I think we can be fairly sure what happen . Voldemort stupefy his uncle , take his wand , and proceed across the valley to ' the big house over the way . ' there he murder the Muggle man who have abandon his witch mother , and , for good measure , his Muggle grandparent , thus obliterate the last of the unworthy Riddle line and revenge himself upon the father who never want him . then he return to the Gaunt hovel , perform the complex bit of magic that would implant a false memory in his uncle 's mind , lay Morfin 's wand beside its unconscious owner , pocket the ancient ring he wear , and depart . " " and Morfin never realize he have n't do it ? " " never , " say Dumbledore . " he give , as I say , a full and boastful confession . " " but he have this real memory in him all the time ! " " yes , but it take a great deal of skilled Legilimency to coax it out of him , " say Dumbledore , " and why should anybody delve further into Morfin 's mind when he have already confess to the crime ? however , I be able to secure a visit to Morfin in the last week of his life , by which time I be attempt to discover as much as I could about Voldemort 's past . I extract this memory with difficulty . when I see what it contain , I attempt to use it to secure Morfin 's release from Azkaban . before the Ministry reach their decision , however , Morfin have die . " " but how come the Ministry do n't realize that Voldemort have do all that to Morfin ? " Harry ask angrily " he be underage at the time , be n't he ? I think they could detect underage magic ! " " you be quite right - they can detect magic , but not the perpetrator : you will remember that you be blame by the Ministry for the Hover Charm that be , in fact , cast by - " " Dobby , " growl Harry ; this injustice still rankle . " so if you be underage and you do magic inside an adult witch or wizard 's house , the Ministry wo n't know ? " " they will certainly be unable to tell who perform the magic , " say Dumbledore , smile slightly at the look of great indignation on Harry face . " they rely on witch and wizard parent to enforce their offspring 's obedience while within their wall . " " well , that be rubbish , " snap Harry . " look what happen here , look what happen to Morfin ! " " I agree , " say Dumbledore . " whatever Morfin be , he do not deserve to die as he do , blame for murder he have not commit . but it be get late , and I want you to see this other memory before we part … " Dumbledore take from an inside pocket another crystal phial and Harry fall silent at once , remember that Dumbledore have say it be the most important one he have collect . Harry notice that the content prove difficult to empty into the Pensieve , as though they have congeal slightly ; do memory go bad ? " this will not take long , " say Dumbledore , when he have finally empty the phial . " we shall be back before you know it . once more into the Pensieve , then … " and Harry fall again through the silver surface , land this time right in front of a man he recognize at once . it be a much young Horace Slughorn . Harry be so use to him bald that he find the sight of Slughorn with thick , shiny , straw-colored hair quite disconcert ; it look as though he have have his head thatch , though there be already a shiny Galleon-sized bald patch on his crown . his mustache , less massive than it be these day , be gingery-blond . he be not quite as round as the Slughorn Harry know , though the golden button on his richly embroider waistcoat be take a fair amount of strain . his little foot rest upon a velvet pouffe , he be sit well back in a comfortable wing armchair , one hand grasp a small glass of wine , the other search through a box of crystalize pineapple . Harry look around as Dumbledore appear beside him and see that they be stand in Slughorn 's office . half a dozen boy be sit around Slughorn , all on hard or low seat than his , and all in their mid-teen . Harry recognize Voldemort at once . his be the most handsome face and he look the most relax of all the boy . his right hand lie negligently upon the arm of his chair ; with a jolt , Harry see that he be wear Marvolo 's gold-and-black ring ; he have already kill his father . " Sir , be it true that Professor Merrythought be retire ? " he ask . " Tom , Tom , if I know I could n't tell you , " say Slughorn , wag a reprove , sugar-covered finger at Riddle , though ruin the effect slightly by wink . " I must say , I will like to know where you get your information , boy , more knowledgeable than half the staff , you be . " Riddle smile ; the other boy laugh and cast him admire look . " what with your uncanny ability to know thing you should n't , and your careful flattery of the people who matter - thank you for the pineapple , by the way , you be quite right , it be my favorite - " as several of the boy titter , something very odd happen . the whole room be suddenly fill with a thick white fog , so that Harry could see nothing but the face of Dumbledore , who be stand beside him . then Slughorn 's voice ring out through the mist , unnaturally loudly , " you will go wrong , boy , mark my word . " the fog clear as suddenly as it have appear and yet nobody make any allusion to it , nor do anybody look as though anything unusual have just happen . bewilder , Harry look around as a small golden clock standing upon Slughorn 's desk chime eleven o'clock . " good gracious , be it that time already ? " say Slughorn . " you will well get go , boy , or we will all be in trouble . Lestrange , I want your essay by tomorrow or it 's detention . same go for you , Avery . " Slughorn pull himself out of his armchair and carry his empty glass over to his desk as the boy file out . Voldemort , however , stay behind . Harry could tell he have dawdle deliberately , want to be last in the room with Slughorn . " look sharp , Tom , " say Slughorn , turn around and find him still present . " you do n't want to be catch out of bed out of hour , and you a prefect … " " Sir , I want to ask you something . " " ask away , then , m'boy , ask away … " " Sir , I wonder what you know about … about Horcruxes ? " and it happen all over again : the dense fog fill the room so that Harry could not see Slughorn or Voldemort at all ; only Dumbledore , smile serenely beside him . then Slughorn 's voice boom out again , just as it have do before . " I do n't know anything about Horcruxes and I would n't tell you if I do ! now get out of here at once and do n't let me catch you mention them again ! " " well , that be that , " say Dumbledore placidly beside Harry . " time to go . " and Harry 's foot leave the floor to fall , second later , back onto the rug in front of Dumbledore 's desk . " that be all there be ? " say Harry blankly . Dumbledore have say that this be the most important memory of all , but he could not see what be so significant about it . admittedly the fog , and the fact that nobody seem to have notice it , be odd , but other than that nothing seem to have happen except that Voldemort have ask a question and fail to get an answer . " as you might have notice , " say Dumbledore , reseat himself behind his desk , " that memory have be tamper with . " " tamper with ? " repeat Harry , sit back down too . " certainly , " say Dumbledore . " Professor Slughorn have meddle with his own recollection . " " but why would he do that ? " " because , I think , he be ashamed of what he remember , " say Dumbledore . " he have try to rework the memory to show himself in a good light , obliterate those part which he do not wish me to see . it be , as you will have notice , very crudely do , and that be all to the good , for it show that the true memory be still there beneath the alteration . " and so , for the first time , I be give you homework , Harry . it will be your job to persuade Professor Slughorn to divulge the real memory , which will undoubtedly be our most crucial piece of information of all . " Harry stare at him . " but surely , sir , " he say , keep his voice as respectful as possible , " you do n't need me - you could use Legilimency … or Veritaserum … " " Professor Slughorn be an extremely able wizard who will be expect both , " say Dumbledore . " he be much more accomplish at Occlumency than poor Morfin Gaunt , and I would be astonish if he have not carry an antidote to Veritaserum with him ever since I coerce him into give me this travesty of a recollection . " no , I think it would be foolish to attempt to wrest the truth from Professor Slughorn by force , and might do much more harm than good ; I do not wish him to leave Hogwarts . however , he have his weakness like the rest of us , and I believe that you be the one person who might be able to penetrate his defense . it be most important that we secure the true memory , Harry … how important , we will only know when we have see the real thing . so , good luck … and good night . " a little take aback by the abrupt dismissal , Harry get to his foot quickly . " good night , sir . " as he close the study door behind him , he distinctly hear Phineas Nigellus say , " I ca n't see why the boy should be able to do it good than you , Dumbledore . " " I would n't expect you to , Phineas , " reply Dumbledore , and Fawkes give another low , musical cry . chapter EIGHTEEN birthday surprise the next day Harry confide in both Ron and Hermione the task that Dumbledore have set him , though separately , for Hermione still refuse to remain in Ron 's presence longer than it take to give him a contemptuous look . Ron think that Harry be unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all . " he love you , " he say over breakfast , wave an airy forkful of fried egg . " wo n't refuse you anything , will he ? not his little Potions Prince . just hang back after class this afternoon and ask him . " Hermione , however , take a gloomy view . " he must be determine to hide what really happen if Dumbledore could n't get it out of him , " she say in a low voice , as they stand in the desert , snowy courtyard at break . " Horcruxes … Horcruxes … I have never even hear of them … " " you have n't ? " Harry be disappoint ; he have hope that Hermione might have be able to give him a clue as to what Horcruxes be . " they must be really advanced dark magic , or why would Voldemort have want to know about them ? I think it be go to be difficult to get the information , Harry , you will have to be very careful about how you approach Slughorn , think out a strategy … " " Ron reckon I should just hang back after potion this afternoon … " " oh , well , if Won-Won think that , you will well do it , " she say , flare up at once . " after all , when have Won-Won 's judgement ever be faulty ? " " Hermione , ca n't you - " " no ! " she say angrily , and storm away , leave Harry alone and ankle-deep in snow . potion lesson be uncomfortable enough these day , see as Harry , Ron and Hermione have to share a desk . today , Hermione move her cauldron around the table so that she be close to Ernie , and ignore both Harry and Ron . " what have you do ? " Ron mutter to Harry , look at Hermione 's haughty profile . but before Harry could answer , Slughorn be call for silence from the front of the room . " settle down , settle down , please ! quickly , now , lot of work to get through this afternoon ! Golpalott 's Third Law … who can tell me - ? but Miss Granger can , of course ! " Hermione recite at top speed : " Golpalott's-Third-Law- states-that-the-antidote-for-a-blendedpoison-will-be-equal-to-more-than-the-sum-of-the-antidotes-for-each-of-the-separate- component . " " precisely ! " beam Slughorn . " ten point for Gryffindor ! now , if we accept Golpalott 's third law as true … " Harry be go to have to take Slughorn 's word for it that Golpalott 's Third Law be true , because he have not understand any of it . nobody apart from Hermione seem to be follow what Slughorn say next , either . " … which mean , of course , that assume we have achieve correct identification of the potion 's ingredient by Scarpin 's Revelaspell , our primary aim be not the relatively simple one of select antidote to those ingredient in a of themselves , but to find that added component which will , by an almost alchemical process , transform these disparate element - " Ron be sit beside Harry with his mouth half open , doodle absently on his new copy of Advanced Potion-Making . Ron keep forget that he could no longer rely on Hermione to help him out of trouble when he fail to grasp what be go on . " … and so , " finish Slughorn , " I want each of you to come and take one of these phial from my desk . you be to create an antidote for the poison within it before the end of the lesson . good luck , and do n't forget your protective glove ! " Hermione have leave her stool and be halfway towards Siughorn 's desk before the rest of the class have realize it be time to move , and by the time Harry , Ron and Ernie return to the table , she have already tip the content of her phial into her cauldron and be kindle a fire underneath it . " it be a shame that the Prince wo n't be able to help you much with this , Harry , " she say brightly as she straighten up . " you have to understand the principle involve this time . no short cut or cheat ! " annoy , Harry uncork the poison he have take from Sliughorn 's desk , which be a garish shade of pink , tip it into his cauldron and light a fire underneath it . he do not have the faint idea what he be suppose to do next . he glance at Ron , who be now stand there look rather gormless , have copy everything Harry have do . " you sure the Prince have n't get any tip ? " Ron mutter to Harry . Harry pull out his trusty copy of Advanced Potion-Making and turn to the chapter on antidote . there be Golpalott 's Third Law , stated word for word as Hermione have recite it , but not a single illuminate note in the Prince 's hand to explain what it mean . apparently the Prince , like Hermione , have have no difficulty understand it . " nothing , " say Harry gloomily . Hermione be now wave her wand enthusiastically over her cauldron . unfortunately , they could not copy the spell she be do because she be now so good at non-verbal incantation that she do not need to say the word aloud . Ernie Macmillan , however , be mutter , " Specialis revelio ! " over his cauldron , which sound impressive , so Harry and Ron hasten to imitate him . it take Harry only five minute to realize that his reputation as the good potion-maker in the class be crash around his ear . Slughorn have peer hopefully into his cauldron on his first circuit of the dungeon , prepare to exclaim in delight as he usually do , and instead have withdraw his head hastily , cough , as the smell of bad egg overwhelm him . Hermione 's expression could not have be any smug ; she have loathe be out-perform in every potion class . she be now decant the mysteriously separate ingredient of her poison into ten different crystal phial . more to avoid watch this irritate sight than anything else , Harry bend over the HalfBlood Prince 's book and turn a few page with unnecessary force . and there it be , scrawl right across a long list of antidote . just shove a bezoar down their throat . Harry stare at these word for a moment . have n't he once , long ago , hear of bezoar ? have n't Snape mention them in their first ever Potions lesson ? " a stone take from the stomach of a goat , which will protect from most poison . " it be not an answer to the Golpalott problem , and have Snape still be their teacher , Harry would not have dare do it , but this be a moment for desperate measure . he hasten towards the store cupboard and rummage within it , push aside unicorn horn and tangle of dry herb until he find , at the very back , a small card box on which have be scribble the word Bezoars . he open the box just as Slughorn call , " Two minute leave , everyone ! " inside be half a dozen shrivel brown object , look more like dried-up kidney than real stone . Harry seize one , put the box back in the cupboard and hurry back to his cauldron . " Time 's … up ! " call Slughorn genially . " well , let be see how you have do ! Blaise … what have you get for me ? " slowly , Slughorn move around the room , examine the various antidote . nobody have finish the task , although Hermione be try to cram a few more ingredient into her bottle before Slughorn reach her . Ron have give up completely , and be merely try to avoid breathing in the putrid fume issue from his cauldron . Harry stand there wait , the bezoar clutch in a slightly sweaty hand . Slughorn reach their table last . he sniff Ernie 's potion and pass on to Ron 's with a grimace . he do not linger over Ron 's cauldron , but back away swiftly , retch slightly . " and you , Harry , " he say . " what have you get to show me ? " Harry hold out his hand , the bezoar sit on his palm . Slughorn look down at it for a full ten second . Harry wonder , for a moment , whether he be go to shout at him . then he throw back his head and roar with laughter . " you have get a nerve , boy ! " he boom , take the bezoar and hold it up so that the class could see it . " oh , you be like your mother … well , I ca n't fault you … a bezoar would certainly act as an antidote to all these potion ! " Hermione , who be sweaty-faced and have soot on her nose , look livid . her half-finished antidote , comprise fifty-two ingredient include a chunk of her own hair , bubble sluggishly behind Slughorn , who have eye for nobody but Harry . " and you think of a bezoar all by yourself , do you , Harry ? " she ask through grit tooth . " that be the individual spirit a real potion-maker need ! " say Slughorn happily , before Harry could reply . " just like his mother , she have the same intuitive grasp of potion-making , it be undoubtedly from Lily he get it … yes , Harry , yes , if you have get a bezoar to hand , of course that would do the trick … although as they do n't work on everything , and be pretty rare , it be still worth know how to mix antidote … " the only person in the room look angry than Hermione be Malfoy , who , Harry be please to see , have spill something that look like cat sick over himself . before either of them could express their fury that Harry have come top of the class by not do any work , however , the bell ring . " time to pack up ! " say Slughorn . " and an extra ten point to Gryffindor for sheer cheek ! " still chuckle , he waddle back to his desk at the front of the dungeon . Harry dawdle behind , take an inordinate amount of time to do up his bag . neither Ron nor Hermione wish him luck as they leave ; both look rather annoyed . at last Harry and Slughorn be the only two leave in the room . " come on , now , Harry , you will be late for your next lesson , " say Slughorn affably , snap the gold clasp shut on his dragonskin briefcase . " Sir , " say Harry , remind himself irresistibly of Voldemort , " I want to ask you something . " " ask away , then , my dear boy , ask away … " " Sir , I wonder what you know about … about Horcruxes ? " Slughorn freeze . his round face seem to sink in upon itself . he lick his lip and say hoarsely , " what do you say ? " " I ask whether you know anything about Horcruxes , sir . you see - " " Dumbledore put you up to this , " whisper Slughorn . his voice have change completely . it be not genial any more , but shock , terrify . he fumble in his breast pocket and pull out a handkerchief , mop his sweat brow . " Dumbledore have show you that - that memory , " say Slughorn . " well ? have n't he ? " " yes , " say Harry , decide on the spot that it be well not to lie . " yes , of course , " say Slughorn quietly , still dab at his white face . " of course … well , if you have see that memory , Harry , you will know that I do n't know anything - anything " - he repeat the word forcefully - " about Horcruxes . " he seize his dragonskin briefcase , stuff his handkerchief back into his pocket and march to the dungeon door . " Sir , " say Harry desperately , " I just think there might be a bit more to the memory - " " do you ? " say Slughorn . " then you be wrong , be n't you ? wrong ! " he bellow the last word and , before Harry could say another word , slam the dungeon door behind him . neither Ron nor Hermione be at all sympathetic when Harry tell them of this disastrous interview . Hermione be still seething at the way Harry have triumph without do the work properly . Ron be resentful that Harry have n't slip him a bezoar , too . " it would have just look stupid if we will both do it ! " say Harry irritably . " look , I have to try and soften him up so I could ask him about Voldemort , do n't I ? oh , will you get a grip ! " he add in exasperation , as Ron wince at the sound of the name . infuriate by his failure and by Ron and Hermione 's attitude , Harry brood for the next few day over what to do next about Slughorn . he decide that , for the time be , he would let Slughorn think that he have forget all about Horcruxes ; it be surely well to lull him into a false sense of security before return to the attack . when Harry do not question Slughorn again , the potion master revert to his usual affectionate treatment of him , and appear to have put the matter from his mind . Harry await an invitation to one of his little evening party , determine to accept this time , even if he have to reschedule Quidditch practice . unfortunately , however , no such invitation arrive . Harry check with Hermione and Ginny : neither of them have receive an invitation and nor , as far as they know , have anybody else . Harry could not help wonder whether this mean that Slughorn be not quite as forgetful as he appear , simply determine to give Harry no additional opportunity to question him . meanwhile , the Hogwarts library have fail Hermione for the first lime in live memory . she be so shock , she even forget that she be annoy at Harry for his trick with the bezoar , " I have n't find one single explanation of what Horcruxes do ! " she tell him . " not a single one ! I have be right through the restricted section and even in the most horrible book , where they tell you how to brew the most gruesome potion - nothing ! all I could find be this , in the introduciion to Magick Mostc Evile - listen - ' of the Horcrux , wicked of magical invention , we shall not speak nor give direction ' … I mean , why mention it , then ? " she say impatiently , slam the old book shut ; it let out a ghostly wail . " oh , shut up , " she snap , stuff it back into her bag . the snow melt around the school as February arrive , to be replace by cold , dreary wetness . Purplish-grey cloud hang low over the castle and a constant fall of chilly rain make the lawn slippery and muddy . the upshot of this be that the sixth-years ' first apparition lesson , which be schedule for a Saturday morning so that no normal lesson would be miss , take place in the Great Hall instead of in the ground . when Harry and Hermione arrive in the Hall ( Ron have come down with Lavender ) they find that the table have disappear . rain lash against the high window and the enchant ceiling swirl darkly above them as they assemble in front of Professors McGonagall , Snape , Flitwick and Sprout - the Heads of House - and a small wizard whom Harry take to be the Apparition Instructor from the Ministry . he be oddly colorless , with transparent eyelash , wispy hair and an insubstantial air , as though a single gust of wind might blow him away . Harry wonder whether constant disappearance and reappearance have somehow diminish his substance , or whether this frail build be ideal for anyone wish to vanish . " good morning , " say the Ministry wizard , when all the student have arrive and the Heads of House have call for quiet . " my name be Wilkie Twycross and I shall be your Ministry Apparition Instructor for the next twelve week . I hope to be able to prepare you for your apparition test in this time - " " Malfoy , be quiet and pay attention ! " bark Professor McGonagall . everybody look round . Malfoy have flush a dull pink ; he look furious as he step away from Crabbe , with whom he appear to have be have a whisper argument . Harry glance quickly at Snape , who also look annoy , though Harry strongly suspect that this be less because of Malfoy 's rudeness than the fact that McGonagall have reprimand one of his house . " - by which time , many of you may be ready to take your test , " Twycross continue , as though there have be no interruption . " as you may know , it be usually impossible to Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts . the Headmaster have lift this enchantment , purely within the Great Hall , for one hour , so as to enable you to practice . may I emphasise that you will not be able to Apparate outside the wall of this Hall , and that you would be unwise to try . " I would like each of you to place yourselves now so that you have a clear five foot of space in front of you . " there be a great scrambiing and jostle as people separate , bang into each other , and order other out of their space . the Heads of House move among the student , marshal them into position and break up argument . " Harry , where be you go ? " demand Hermione . but Harry do not answer ; he be move quickly through the crowd , past the place where Professor Flitwick be make squeaky attempt to position a few Ravenclaws , all of whom want to be near the front , past Professor Sprout , who be chivvy the Hufflepuffs into line , until , by dodge around Ernie Macmillan , he manage to position himself right at the back of the crowd , directly behind Malfoy , who be take advantage of the general upheaval to continue his argument with Crabbe , stand five foot away and look mutinous . " I do n't know how much longer , all right ? " Malfoy shoot at him , oblivious to Harry standing right behind him . " it be take longer than I think it would . " Crabbe open his mouth , but Malfoy appear to second-guess what he be go to say . " look , it be none of your business what I be do , Crabbe , you and Goyle just do as you be tell and keep a lookout ! " " I tell my friend what I be up to , if I want them to keep a lookout for me , " Harry say , just loud enough for Malfoy to hear him . Malfoy spin round on the spot , his hand fly to his wand , but at that precise moment the four Heads of House shout , " Quiet ! " and silence fall again . Malfoy turn slowly to face the front . " thank you , " say Twycross . " now then … " he wave his wand . old-fashioned wooden hoop instantly appear on the floor in from of every student . " the important thing to remember when Apparating be the three D 's ! " say Twycross . " destination , Determination , Deliberation ! " step one : fix your mind firmly upon the desire destination , " say Twycross . " in this case , the interior of your hoop . kindly concentrate upon that destination now . " everybody look around furtively , to check that everyone else be stare into their hoop , then hastily do as they be tell . Harry gaze at the circular patch of dusty floor enclose by his hoop and try hard to think of nothing else . this prove impossible , as he could n't stop puzzling over what Malfoy be do that needed lookout . " step two , " say Twycross , " focus your determination to occupy the visualise space ! let your yearning to enter it flood from your mind to every particle of your body ! " Harry glance around surreptitiously . a little way to his left , Ernie Macmillan be contemplate his hoop so hard that his face have turn pink ; it look as though he be strain to lay a Quaffle-sized egg . Harry bite back a laugh and hastily return his gaze to his own hoop . " step three , " call Twycross , " only when I give the command … turn on the spot , feel your way into nothingness , move with deliberation . on my command , now … one - " Harry glance around again ; lot of people be look positively alarm at be ask to Apparate so quickly . " - two - " Harry try to fix his thought on his hoop again ; he have already forget what the three D 's stand for . " - Three ! " Harry spin on the spot , lose his balance and nearly fall over . he be not the only one . the whole Hall be suddenly full of staggering people ; Neville be flat on his back ; Ernie Macmillan , on the other hand , have do a kind of pirouette leap into his hoop and look momentarily thrill , until he catch sight of Dean Thomas roar with laughter at him . " never mind , never mind , " say Twycross dryly , who do not seem to have expect anything well . " adjust your hoop , please , and back to your original position … " the second atlempt be no good than the first . the third be just as bad . not until the fourth do anything exciting happen . there be a horrible screech of pain and everybody look around , terrify , to see Susan Bones of Hufflepuff wobble in her hoop with her leave leg still stand five foot away where she have start . the Heads of House converge on her ; there be a great bang and a puff of purple smoke , which clear to reveal Susan sob , reunite with her leg but look horrify . " Splinching , or the separation of random body part , " say Wilkie Twycross dispassionately , " occur when the mind be insufficiently determine . you must concentrate continually upon your destination , and move , without haste , but with deliberation … thus . " Twycross step forwards , turn gracefully on the spot with his arm outstretch and vanish in a swirl of robe , reappear at the back of the Hall . " remember the three D 's , " he say , " and try again … one - two - three " but an hour later , Susan 's Splinching be still the most interesting thing that have happen . Twycross do not seem discourage . fasten his cloak at his neck , he merely say , " until next Saturday , everybody , and do not forget : destination . determination . deliberation . " with that , he wave his wand , vanish the hoop , and walk out of the Hall accompany by Professor McGonagall . talk break out at once as people begin move towards the Entrance Hall . " how do you do ? " ask Ron , hurry towards Harry . " I think I feel something the last time I try - a kind of tingle in my foot . " " I expect your trainer be too small , Won-Won , " say a voice behind them , and Hermione stalked past , smirk . " I do n't feel anything , " say Harry , ignore this interruption . " but I do n't care about that now- " " what d'you mean , you do n't care … do n't you want to learn to Apparate ? " say Ron incredulously . " I be not fuss , really . I prefer fly , " say Harry , glance over his shoulder to see where Malfoy be , and speed up as they come into the Entrance Hall . " look , hurry up , will you , there be something I want to do … " Perplexed , Ron follow Harry back to Gryffindor Tower at a run . they be temporarily detain by Peeves , who have jam a door on the fourth floor shut and be refuse to let anyone pass until they set fire to their own pant , but Harry and Ron simply turn back and take one of their trust shortcut . within five minute , they be climb through the portrait hole . " be you go to tell me what we be do , then ? " ask Ron , pant slightly . " up here , " say Harry , and he cross the common room and lead the way through the door to the boy ' staircase . their dormitory be , as Harry have hope , empty . he fling open his trunk and begin to rummage in it , while Ron watch impatiently . " Harry … " " Malfoy 's use Crabbe and Goyle as lookout . he be argue with Crabbe just now . I want to know … aha . " he have find it , a fold square of apparently blank parchment , which he now smooth out and tap with the tip of his wand . " I solemnly swear that I be up to no good … or Malfoy be , " at once , the Marauder 's Map appear on the parchment 's surface . here be a detailed plan of every one of the castle 's floor and , move around it , the tiny , label black dot that signify each of the castle 's occupant . " help me find Malfoy , " say Harry urgently . he lay the map upon his bed and he and Ron lean over it , search . " there ! " say Ron , after a minute or so . " he be in the Slytherin common room , look … with Parkinson and Zabini and Crabbe and Goyle … " Harry look down at the map , disappoint , but rally almost at once . " well , I be keep an eye on him from now on , " he say firmly . " and the moment I see him lurk somewhere with Crabbe and Goyle keep watch outside , it will be on with the old Invisibility Cloak and off to find out what he be - " he break off as Neville enter the dormitory , bring with him a strong smell of singe material , and begin rummage in his trunk for a fresh pair of pant . despite his determination to catch Malfoy out , Harry have no luck at all over the next couple of week . although he consult the map as often as he could , sometimes make unnecessary visit to the bathroom between lesson to search it , he do not once see Malfoy anywhere suspicious . admittedly , he spot Crabbe and Goyle move around the castle on their own more often than usual , sometimes remain stationary in desert corridor , but at these time Malfoy be not only nowhere near them , but impossible to locate on the map at all . this be most mysterious . Harry toy with the possibility that Malfoy be actually leave the school ground , but could not see how he could be do it , give the very high level of security now operate within the castle . he could only suppose that he be miss Malfoy amongst the hundred of tiny black dot upon the map . as for the fact that Malfoy , Crabbe and Goyle appear to be go their different way when they be usually inseparable , these thing happen as people get old - Ron and Hermione , Harry reflect sadly , be live proof . February move towards March with no change in the weather except that it become windy as well as wet . to general indignation , a sign go up on all common-room noticeboards that the next trip into Hogsmeade have be cancel . Ron be furious . " it be on my birthday ! " he say , " I be look forward to that ! " " not a big surprise , though , be it ? " say Harry . " not after what happen to Katie . " she have still not return from St. Mungo 's . what be more , further disappearance have be report in the Daily Prophet , include several relative of student at Hogwarts . " but now all I have get to look forward to be stupid apparition ! " say Ron grumpily . " big birthday treat … " three lesson on , Apparition be prove as difficult as ever , though a few more people have manage to Splinch themselves . frustration be run high and there be a certain amount of ill-feeling towards Wilkie Twycross and his three D 's , which have inspire a number of nickname for him , the polite of which be Dog-breath and Dung-head . " happy birthday , Ron , " say Harry , when they be wake on the first of March by Seamus and Dean leave noisily for breakfast . " have a present . " he throw the package across on to Ron 's bed , where it join a small pile of them that must , Harry assume , have be deliver by house-elves in the night . " cheer , " say Ron drowsily , and as he rip off the paper Harry get out of bed , open his own trunk and begin rummage in it for the Marauder 's Map , which he hide after every use . he turf out half the content of his trunk before he find it hide beneath the rolled-up sock in which he be still keep his bottle of lucky potion , Felix Felicis . " right , " he murmur , take it back to bed with him , tap it quietly and murmur , " I solemnly swear that I be up to no good , " so that Neville , who be pass the foot of his bed at the time , would not hear . " nice one , Harry ! " say Ron enthusiastically , wave the new pair of Quidditch Keeper 's glove Harry have give him . " no problem , " say Harry absent-mindedly , as he search the Slytherin dormitory closely for Malfoy . " hey … I do n't think he be in his bed … " Ron do not answer ; he be too busy unwrap present , every now and then let out an exclamation of pleasure . " seriously good haul this year ! " he announce , hold up a heavy gold watch with odd symbol around the edge and tiny move star instead of hand . " see what Mum and Dad get me ? Blimey , I think I will come of age next year too … " " Cool , " mutter Harry , spare the watch a glance before peer more closely at the map . where be Malfoy ? he do not seem to be at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall , eat breakfast … he be nowhere near Snape , who be sit in his study … he be n't in any of the bathroom or in the hospital wing … " Want one ? " say Ron thickly , hold out a box of Chocolate Cauldrons . " no thanks , " say Harry , look up . " Malfoy be go again ! " " can n't have do , " say Ron , stuff a second cauldron into his mouth as he slide out of bed to get dress . " come on if you do n't hurry up you will have to Apparate on an empty-stomach … might make it easy , I suppose … " Ron look thoughtfully at the box of Chocolate Cauldrons , then shrug and help himself to a third . Harry tap the map with his wand , mutter , " Mischief manage , " though it have n't be , and get dress , think hard . there have to be an explanation for Malfoy 's periodic disappearance , but he simply could not think what it could be . the good way of find out would be to tail him , but even with the Invisibility Cloak this be an impractical idea ; he have lesson , Quidditch practice , homework and apparition ; he could not follow Malfoy around school all day wilhout his absence be remark upon , " ready ? " he say to Ron . he be halfway to the dormitory door when he realize that Ron have not move , but be lean on his bedpost , stare out of the rain-washed window with a strangely un-focused look on his face . " Ron ? breakfast . " " I be not hungry . " Harry stare ai him . " I think you just say - ? " " well , all right , I will come down with you , " sigh Ron , " but I do n't want to eat . " Harry scrutinise him suspiciously . " you have just eat half a box of Chocolate Cauldrons , have n't you ? " " it be not that , " Ron sigh again . " you … you would n't understand . " " fair enough , " say Harry , albeit puzzle , as he turn to open the door . " Harry ! " say Ron suddenly . " what ? " " Harry , I ca n't stand it ! " " you ca n't stand what ? " ask Harry , now starling to feel definitely alarmed . Ron be rather pale and look as though he be about to be sick . " I ca n't stop think about her ! " say Ron hoarsely . Harry gape at him . he have not expect this and be not sure he want to hear it . friend they might be , but if Ron start call Lavender " Lav-Lav " , he would have to put his foot down . " why do that stop you have breakfast ? " Harry ask , try to inject a note of common sense into the proceeding . " I do n't think she know I exist , " say Ron with a desperate gesture . " she definitely know you exist , " say Harry , bewilder . " she keep snog you , do n't she ? " Ron blink . " who be you talk about ? " " who be you talk about ? " say Harry , with an increase sense that all reason have drop out of the conversation . " Romilda Vane , " say Ron softly , and his whole face seem to illuminate as he say it , as though hit by a ray of pure sunlight . they stare at each other for almost a whole minute , before Harry say , " this be a joke , right ? you be joke . " " I think … Harry , I think I love her , " say Ron in a strangle voice . " okay , " say Harry , walk up to Ron to get a good look at the glaze eye and the pallid complexion , " Okay … say that again with a straight face . " " I love her , " repeat Ron breathlessly . " have you see her hair , it be all black and shiny and silky … and her eye ? her big dark eye ? and her " " this be really funny and everything , " say Harry impatiently , " but joke be over , all right ? drop it . " he turn to leave ; he have get two step towards the door when a crash blow hit him on the right ear . staggering , he look round . Ron 's fist be draw right back , his face be contort with rage ; he be about to strike again . Harry react instinctively ; his wand be out of his pocket and the incantation spring to mind without conscious thought : Levicorpus ! Ron yell as his heel be wrench upwards once more ; he dangle helplessly , upside down , his robe hang off him . " what be that for ? " Harry bellow . " you insult her , Harry ! you say it be a joke ! " shout Ron , who be slowly turn purple in the face as all the blood rush to his head . " this be insane ! " say Harry . " what be get into - ? " and then he see the box lie open on Ron 's bed and the truth hit him with the force of a stampede troll . " where do you get those Chocolate Cauldrons ? " " they be a birthday present ! " shout Ron , revolve slowly in midair as he struggle to get free . " I offer you one , do n't I ? " " you just pick them up off the floor , do n't you ? " " they have fall off my bed , all right ? let me go ! " " they do n't fall off your bed , you prat , do n't you understand ? they be mine , I chuck them out of my trunk when I be look for the map . they be the Chocolate Cauldrons Romilda give me before Christmas and they be all spike with love potion ! " but only one word of this seem to have register with Ron . " Romilda ? " he repeat . " do you say Romilda ? Harry - do you know her ? can you introduce me ? " Harry stare at the dangling Ron , whose face now look tremendously hopeful , and fight a strong desire to laugh . a part of him - the part close to his throb right ear - be quite keen on the idea of let Ron down and watch him run amok until the effect of the potion wear off … but on the other hand , they be suppose to be friend , Ron have not be himself when he have attack , and Harry think that he would deserve another punching if he permit Ron to declare undying love for Romilda Vane . " yeah , I will introduce you , " say Harry , think fast . " I be go to let you down now , okay ? " he send Ron crash back to the floor ( his ear do hurt quite a lot ) , but Ron simply bound to his foot again , grin . " she will be in Slughorn 's office , " say Harry confidently , lead the way to the door . " why will she be in there ? " ask Ron anxiously , hurry to keep up . " oh , she have extra potion lesson with him , " say Harry , invent wildly . " maybe I could ask if I can have them with her ? " say Ron eagerly . " great idea , " say Harry . lavender be wait beside the portrait hole , a complication Harry have not foresee . " you be late , Won-Won ! " she pout . " I have get you a birthday - " " leave me alone , " say Ron impatiently , " Harry be go to introduce me to Romilda Vane . " and without another word to her , he push his way out of the portrait hole . Harry try to make an apologetic face to Lavender , but it might have turn out simply amused , because she look more offend than ever as the Fat Lady swing shut behind them . Harry have be slightly worry that Slughorn might be at breakfast , but he answer his office door at the first knock , wear a green velvet dressing-gown and match nightcap and look rather bleary-eyed . " Harry , " he mumble . " this be very early for a call … I generally sleep late on a Saturday … " " Professor , I be really sorry to disturb you , " say Harry as quietly as possible , while Ron stand on tiptoe , attempt to see past Slughorn into his room , " but my friend Ron have swallow a love potion by mistake . you could n't make him an antidote , could you ? I will take him to Madam Pomfrey , but we be not suppose to have anything from Weasleys ' Wizard Wheezes and , you know … awkward question … " " I will have think you could have whip him up a remedy , Harry , an expert potioneer like you ? " ask Slughorn . " er , " say Harry , somewhat distract by the fact that Ron be now elbow him in the rib in an attempt to force his way into the room , " well , I have never mix an antidote for a love potion , sir , and by the time I get it right Ron might have do something serious " Helpfully , Ron choose this moment to moan , " I ca n't see her . Harry - be he hide her ? " " be this potion within date ? " ask Slughorn , now eye Ron with professional interest . " they can strengthen , you know , the longer they be keep . " " that would explain a lot , " pant Harry , now positively wrestle with Ron to keep him from knock Slughorn over . " it be his birthday , Professor , " he add imploringly . " oh , all right , come in , then , come in , " say Slughorn , relent . " I have get the necessary here in my bag , it be not a difficult antidote … " Ron burst through the door into Slughorn be overheat , crowded study , trip over a tassel footstool , regain his balance by seize Harry around the neck and mutter , " she do n't see that , do she ? " " she be not here yet , " say Harry , watch Slughorn open his potion kit and add a few pinch of this and that to a small crystal bottle . " that be good , " say Ron fervently . " how do I look ? " " very handsome , " say Slughorn smoothly , hand Ron a glass of clear liquid . " now drink that up , it be a tonic for the nerve , keep you calm when she arrive , you know , " " Brilliant , " say Ron eagerly , and he gulp the antidote down noisily . Harry and Slughorn watch him . for a moment , Ron beam at them . then , very slowly , his grin sag and vanish , to be replace by an expression of utmost horror . " back to normal , then ? " say Harry , grin . Slughorn chuckle . " thanks a lot , Professor . " " do n't mention it , m'boy , do n't mention it , " say Slughorn , as Ron collapse into a nearby armchair , look devastate . " pick-me-up , that be what he need , " Slughorn continue , nowbustling over to a table load with drink . " I have get butterbeer , I have get wine , I have get one last bottle of this oak-matured mead … hmm … mean to give that to Dumbledore for Christmas … ah well … " he shrug " … he ca n't miss what he be never have ! why do n't we open it now and celebrate Mr. Weasley 's birthday ? nothing like a fine spirit to chase away the pang of disappointed love … " he chortle again and Harry join in . this be the first time he have find himself almost alone with Slughorn since his disastrous first attempt to extract the true memory from him . perhaps , if he could just keep Slughorn in a good mood … perhaps if they get through enough of the oakmatured mead … " there you be , then , " say Slughorn , hand Harry and Ron a glass of mead each , before raise his own . " well , a very happy birthday , Ralph - " " - Ron - " whisper Harry . but Ron , who do not appear to be listen to the toast , have already throw the mead into his mouth and swallow it . there be one second , hardly more than a heartbeat , in which Harry know there be something terribly wrong and Slughorn , it seem , do not . " - and may you have many more - " " Ron ! " Ron have drop his glass ; he half-rose from his chair and then crumple , his extremity jerk uncontrollably . foam be dribble from his mouth and his eye be bulge from their socket . " professor ! " Harry bellow . " do something ! " but Slughorn seem paralyse by shock . Ron twitch and choke : his skin be turn blue . " what - but - " splutter Slughorn . Harry leap over a low table and sprint towards Slughorn 's open potion kit , pull out jar and pouch , while the terrible sound of Ron 's gargle breath fill the room . then he find it - the shrivel kidney-like stone Slughorn have take from him in potion . he hurtle back to Ron 's side , wrench open his jaw and thrust the bezoar into his mouth . Ron give a great shudder , a rattle gasp and his body become limp and still . chapter NINETEEN Elf Tails " so , all in all , not one of Ron 's good birthday ? " say Fred . it be even ; the hospital wing be quiet , the window curtain , the lamp light . Ron 's be the only occupied bed . Harry , Hermione , and Ginny be sit around him ; they have spend all day wait outside the double door , try to see inside whenever somebody go in or out . madam Pomfrey have only let them enter at eight o'clock . Fred and George have arrive at ten past . " this be n't how we imagine hand over our present , " say George grimly , put down a large wrap gift on Ron 's bedside cabinet and sit beside Ginny . " yeah , when we picture the scene , he be conscious , " say Fred . " there we be in Hogsmeade , wait to surprise him - " say George . " you be in Hogsmeade ? " ask Ginny , look up . " we be think of buy Zonko 's , " say Fred gloomily . " a Hogsmeade branch , you know , but a fat lot of good it will do us if you lot be n't allow out at weekend to buy our stuff anymore … but never mind that now . " he draw up a chair beside Harry and look at Ron 's pale face . " how exactly do it happen , Harry ? " Harry retell the story he have already recount , it feel like a hundred time to Dumbledore , to McGonagall , to Madam Pomfrey , to Hermione , and to Ginny . " … and then I get the bezoar down his throat and his breathing ease up a bit , Slughorn run for help , McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turn up , and they bring Ron up here . they reckon he will be all right . madam Pomfrey say he will have to stay here a week or so … keep take essence of rue … " " Blimey , it be lucky you think of a bezoar , " say George in a low voice . " lucky there be one in the room , " say Harry , who keep turn cold at the thought of what would have happen if he have not be able to lay hand on the little stone . Hermione give an almost inaudible sniff . she have be exceptionally quiet all day . have hurtle , white-faced , up to Harry outside the hospital wing and demand to know what have happen . , she have take almost no part in Harry and Ginny 's obsessive discussion about how Ron have be poison , but merely stand beside them , clench-jawed and frightened-looking , until ai last they have be allow in to see him . " do Mum and Dad know ? " Fred ask Ginny . " they have already see him , they arrive an hour ago - they be in Dumbledore 's office now , but they will be back soon … " there be a pause while they all watch Ron mumble a little in his sleep . " so the poison be in the drink ? " say Fred quietly . " yes , " say Harry at once ; he could think of nothing else and be glad for the opportunity to start discuss it again . " Slughorn pour it out - " " Would he have be able to slip something into Ron 's glass without you see ? " " probably , " say Harry , " but why would Slughorn want to poison Ron ? " " no idea , " say Fred , frown . " you do n't think he could have mix up the glass by mistake ? mean to get you ? " " why would Slughorn want to poison Harry ? " ask Ginny . " I dunno , " say Fred , " but there must be load of people who will like to poison Harry , must n't there ? ' the Chosen One ' and all that ? " " so you think Slughorn be a Death Eater ? " say Ginny . " anything be possible , " say Fred darkly . " he could be under the Imperius Curse , " say George . " or he could be innocent , " say Ginny . " the poison could have be in the bottle , in which case it be probably mean for Slughorn himself . " " who will want to kill Slughorn ? " " Dumbledore reckon Voldemort want Slughorn on his side , " say Harry . " Slughorn be in hide for a year before he come to Hogwarts . and … " he think of the memory Dumbledore have not yet be able to extract from Slughorn . " and maybe Voldemort want him out of the way , maybe he think he could be valuable to Dumbledore . " " but you say Slughorn have be plan to give that bottle to Dumbledore for Christmas , " Ginny remind him . " so the poisoner could just as easily have be after Dumbledore . " " then the poisoner do n't know Slughorn very well , " say Hermione , speak for the first time in hour and sound as though she have a bad head cold . " anyone who know Slughorn would have know there be a good chance he will keep something that tasty for himself . " " Er-my-nee , " croak Ron unexpectedly from between them they all fall silent , watch him anxiously , but after mutter incomprehensibly for a moment he merely start snore . the dormitory door fly open , make them all jump : Hagrid come stride toward them , his hair rain-flecked , his bearskin coat flap behind him , a crossbow in his hand , leave a trail of muddy dolphin-sized footprint all over the floor . " bin in the forest all day ! " he pant . " Aragog 's bad , I bin readin ' to him - didn ' get up ter dinner till jus ' now an ' then Professor Sprout tell me abou ' Ron ! how be he ? " " not bad , " say Harry . " they say he will be okay . " " no more than six visitor at a time ! " say Madam Pomfrey , hurry out of her office . " Hagrid make six , " George point out . " oh … yes … " say Madam Pomfrey , who seem to have be count Hagrid as several people due to his vastness . to cover her confusion , she hurry off to clear up his muddy foot print with her wand . " I don ' believe this , " say Hagrid hoarsely , shake his great shaggy head as he stare down at Ron . " jus ' don ' believe it … look at him lyin ' there … who will want ter hurt him , eh ? " " that be just what we be discuss , " say Harry . " we do n't know . " " someone couldn ' have a grudge against the Gryfinndor Quidditch team , could they ? " say Hagrid anxiously . " fir ' Katie , now Ron … " " I ca n't see anyone try to bump off a Quidditch team , " say George . " Wood might have do the Slytherins if he could have get away with it , " say Fred fairly . " well , I do n't think it 's Quidditch , but I think there be a connection between the attack , " say Hermione quietly " how d'you work that out ? " ask Fred . " well , for one thing , they both ought to have be fatal and be n't , although that be pure luck . and for another , neither the poison nor the necklace seem to have reach the person who be suppose to be kill . of course , " she add broodingly , " that make the person behind this even more dangerous in a way , because they do n't seem to care how many people they finish off before they actually reach their victim . " before anybody could respond to this ominous pronouncement , the dormitory door open again and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley hurry up the ward . they have do no more than satisfy themselves that Ron would make a full recovery on their last visit to the ward ; now Mrs. Weasley seize hold of Harry and hug him very tighty . " Dumbledore 's tell us how you save him with the bezoar , " she sob . " oh , Harry , what can we say ? you save Ginny … you save Arthur … now you have save Ron " do n't be … I do n't … " mutter Harry awkwardly . " half our family do seem to owe you their life , now I stop and think about it , " Mr. Weasley say in a constrict voice . " well , all I can say be that it be a lucky day for the Weasleys when Ron decide to sit in your compartment on the Hogwarts Express Harry . " Harry could not think of any reply to this and be almost glad when Madam Pomfrey remind them that there be only suppose to be six visitor around Ron 's bed ; he and Hermione rise at once to leave and Hagrid decide to go with them , leave Ron with his family . " it be terrible , " growl Hagrid into his beard , as the three of them walk back along the corridor to the marble staircase . " all this new security , an kid be still gettin ' hurt … Dumbledore 's worried sick … he don ' say much , but I can tell … " " have n't he get any idea , Hagrid ? " ask Hermione desperately . " I spect he have get hundred of idea , brain like his , " say Hagrid . " but he doesn ' know who send that necklace nor put poison in that wine , or they'dve bin catch , wouldn they ? Wha ' worry me , " say Hagrid , lower his voice and glance over his shoulder ( Harry , for good measure , check the ceiling for Peeves ) , " be how long Hogwarts can stay open if kid be Bein ' attack . Chamber o ' secret all over again , isn ' it ? there will be panic , more parent takin their kid outta school , an nex ' thing yeh know the board o ' governor … " Hagrid stop talk as the ghost of a long-haired woman drift serenely past , then resume in a hoarse whisper , " … the board o ' governor will be talkin about shuttin ' us up fer good . " " surely not ? " say Hermione , look worry . " gotta see it from their point o ' view , " say Hagrid heavily . " I mean , it be always bin a bit of a risk sendin a kid ter Hogwarts , hasn ' it ? Yer expect accident , don ' yeh , wit hundred of underage wizard all lock up tergether , but attempted murder , tha 's diff'rent . ' S'no wonder Dumbledore be angry with Sn - " Hagrid stop in his track , a familiar , guilty expression on what be visible of his face above his tangled black beard . " what ? " say Harry quickly . " Dumbledore be angry with Snape ? " " I never say tha ' , " say Hagrid , though his look of panic could not have be a big giveaway . " look at the time , it be gettin ' on fer midnight , I need ter - " " Hagrid , why be Dumbledore angry with Snape ? " Harry ask loudly . " Shhhh ! " say Hagrid , look both nervous and angry . " Don ' shout stuff like that , Harry , d'yeh wan ' me ter lose me job ? mind , I don ' suppose Yeh will care , would yeh , not now yeh have give up Care of Mag - " " do n't try and make me feel guilty , it wont work ! " say Harry forcefully . " what be Snape do ? " " I dunno , Harry , I shouldn'ta hear it at all ! I - well , I be comin ' outta the forest the other evenin ' an ' I overhear ' em talk - well , Arguin ' . do n't like ter draw attention to meself , so I sorta skulk an ' try not ter listen , but it be a - well , a heated discussion an ' it wasn ' easy ter block it out . " " well ? " Harry urge him , as Hagrid shuffle his enormous foot uneasily . " well - I jus ' hear Snape sayin ' Dumbledore take too much fer grant an maybe he - Snape - didn ' wan ' ter do it anymore - " " do what ? " " I dunno , Harry , it sound like Snape be feelin ' a bit overwork , tha be all - anyway , Dumbledore tell him flat out he have agree ter do it an ' that be all there be to it . pretty firm with him . an ' then he say summat abou ' Snape makin ' investigation in his House , in Slytherin . well , there be nothin ' strange abou ' that ! " Hagrid add hastily , as Harry and Hermione exchange look full of meaning . " all the Heads o ' house be ask ter look inter that necklace business - " " Yeah , but Dumbledore be not have row with the rest of them , be he ? " say Harry . " look , " Hagrid twist his crossbow uncomfortably in his hand ; there be a loud splinter sound and it snap in two . " I know what yeh be like abou ' Snape , Harry , an ' I don ' want yeh ter go readin ' more inter this than there be . " " look out , " say Hermione tersely . they turn just in time to see the shadow of Argus Filch loom over the wall behind them before the man himself turn the corner , hunchbacked , his jowl aquiver . " Oho ! " he wheeze . " out of bed so late , this will mean detention ! " " no it win ' , Filch , " say Hagrid shortly . " they be with me , Aren ' they ? " " and what difference do that make ? " ask Filch obnoxiously . " I be a ruddy teacher , Aren ' I , Yeh sneakin ' Squib ! " say Hagrid , fire up at once . there be a nasty hiss noise as Filch swell with fury ; Mrs. Norris have arrive , unseen , and be twist herself sinuously around Filch 's skinny ankle . " get goin , " say Hagrid out of the corner of his mouth . Harry do not need tell twice ; he and Hermione both hurry off ; Hagrid 's and Filch 's raise voice echo behind them as they run . they pass Peeves near the turning into Gryffindor Tower , but he be streak happily toward the source of the yell , cackle and call , when there be strife and when there be trouble call on Peevsie , he will make double ! the Fat Lady be snooze and not please to be wake , but swing forward grumpily to allow them to clamber into the mercifully peaceful and empty common room . it do not seem that people know about Ron yet ; Harry be very relieve : he have be interrogate enough that day . Hermione bid him good night and set off for the girl ' dormitory . Harry , however , remain behind , take a seat beside the fire and look down into the die ember . so Dumbledore have argue with Snape . in spite of all he have tell Harry , in spite of his insistence that he trust Snape completely , he have lose his temper with him … he do not think that Snape have try hard enough to investigate the Slytherins … or , perhaps , to investigate a single Slytherin : Malfoy ? be it because Dumbledore do not want Harry to do anything foolish , to take matter into his own hand , that he have pretend there be nothing in Harry 's suspicion ? that seem likely . it might even be that Dumbledore do not want anything to distract Harry from their lesson , or from procure that memory from Slughorn . perhaps Dumbledore do not think it right to confide suspicion about his staff to sixteen-year-olds … " there you be , Potter ! " Harry jump to his foot in shock , his wand at the ready . he have be quite convince that the common room be empty ; he have not be at all prepare for a hulking figure to rise suddenly out of a distant chair . a close look show him that it be Cormac McLaggen . " I have be wait for you to come back , " say McLaggen , disregard Harry 's draw wand . " must have fall asleep . look , I see them take Weasley up to the hospital wing earlier . do n't look like he will be fit for next week 's match . " it take Harry a few moment to realize what McLaggen be talk about . " oh … right … Quidditch , " he say , put his wand back into the belt of his jean and run a hand wearily through his hair . " yeah … he might not make it . " " well , then , I will be play Keeper , wo n't I ? " say McLaggen . " yeah , " say Harry . " yeah , I suppose so … " he could not think of an argument against it ; after all , McLaggen have certainly perform second-best in the trial . " excellent , " say McLaggen in a satisfied voice . " so when be practice ? " " what ? oh … there be one tomorrow evening . " " good . listen , Potter , we should have a talk beforehand . I have get some idea on strategy you might find useful . " " right , " say Harry unenthusiastically . " well , I will hear them tomorrow , then . I be pretty tire now … see you … " the news that Ron have be poison spread quickly next day , but it do not cause the sensation that Katie 's attack have do . people seem to think that it might have be an accident , give that he have be in the potion master 's room at the time , and that as he have be give an antidote immediately there be no real harm do . in fact , the Gryffindors be generally much more interested in the upcoming Quidditch match against Hufflepuff , for many of them want to see Zacharias Smith , who play Chaser on the Hufflepuff team , punish soundly for his commentary during the opening match against Slytherin . Harry , however , have never be less interested in Quidditch ; he be rapidly become obsessed with Draco Malfoy . still check the Marauder 's map whenever he get a chance , he sometimes make detour to wherever Malfoy happen to be , but have not yet detect him do anything out of the ordinary . and still there be those inexplicable time when Malfoy simply vanish from the map … but Harry do not get a lot of time to consider the problem , what with Quidditch practice , homework , and the fact that he be now be dog wherever he go by Cormac McLaggen and Lavender Brown . he could not decide which of them be more annoy . McLaggen keep up a constant stream of hint that he would make a well permanent keeper for the team than Ron , and that now that Harry be see him play regularly he would surely come around to this way of think too ; he be also keen to criticize the other player and provide Harry with detailed training scheme , so that more than once Harry be force to remind him who be Captain . meanwhile , Lavender keep sidle up to Harry to discuss Ron , which Harry find almost more wear than McLaggen 's Quidditch lecture . at first , Lavender have be very annoy that nobody have think to tell her that Ron be in the hospital wing - " I mean , I be his girlfriend ! " - but unfortunately she have now decide to forgive Harry this lapse of memory and be keen to have lot of in-depth chat with him about Ron 's feeling , a most uncomfortable experience that Harry would have happily forgo . " look , why do n't you talk to Ron about all this ? " Harry ask , after a particularly long interrogation from Lavender that take in everything from precisely what Ron have say about her new draw robe to whether or not Harry think that Ron consider his relationship with Lavender to be " serious . " " well , I would , but he be always asleep when I go and see him ! " say Lavender fretfully . " be he ? " say Harry , surprise , for he have find Ron perfectly alert every time he have be up to the hospital wing , both highly interested in the news of Dumbledore and Snape 's row and keen abuse McLaggen as much as possible . " be Hermione Granger still visit him ? " Lavender demand suddenly . " yeah , I think so . well , they be friend , be n't they ? " say Harry uncomfortably . " friend , do n't make me laugh , " say Lavender scornfully . " she do n't talk to him for week after he start go out with me ! but I suppose she want to make up with him now he be all interesting … " " Would you call get poison be interesting ? " ask Harry . " anyway - sorry , get to go - there be McLaggen come for a talk about Quidditch , " say Harry hurriedly , and he dash sideways through a door pretend to be solid wall and sprint down the shortcut that would take him off to potion where , thankfully , neither Lavender nor McLaggen could follow him . on the morning of the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff , Harry drop in on the hospital wing before head down to the pitch . Ron be very agitate ; Madam Pomfrey would not let him go down to watch the match , feel it would overexcite him . " so how be McLaggen shape up ? " he ask Harry nervously , apparently forget that he have already ask the same question twice . " I have tell you , " say Harry patiently , " he could be world-class and I would n't want to keep him . he keep try to tell everyone what to do , he think he could play every position well than the rest of us . I ca n't wait to be shoot of him . and speak of get shot of people , " Harry add , get to his foot and pick up his Firebolt , " will you stop pretend to be asleep when Lavender come to see you ? she be drive me mad as well . " " oh , " say Ron , look sheepish . " yeah . all right . " " if you do n't want to go out with her anymore , just tell her , " say Harry . " yeah … well … it be not that easy , be it ? " say Ron . he pause . " Hermione go to look in before the match ? " he add casually . " no , she be already go down to the pitch with Ginny . " " oh , " say Ron , look rather glum . " right . well , good luck . hope you hammer McLag - I mean , Smith . " " I will try , " say Harry , shoulder his broom . " see you after the match . " he hurry down through the desert corridor ; the whole school be outside , either already seat in the stadium or head down toward it . he be look out of the window he pass , try to gauge how much wind they be face , when a noise ahead make him glance up and he see Malfoy walk toward him , accompany by two girl , both of whom look sulky and resentful . Malfoy stop short at the sight of Harry , then give a short , humorless laugh and continued walking . " where be you go ? " Harry demand . " yeah , I be really go to tell you , because it be your business , Potter , " sneer Malfoy . " you will well hurry up , they will be wait for ' the Chosen Captain ' - ' the Boy who Scored ' - whatever they call you these day . " one of the girl give an unwilling giggle . Harry stare at her . she blush . Malfoy push past Harry and she and her friend follow at a trot , turn the corner and vanish from view . Harry stand root on the spot and watch them disappear . this be infuriate ; he be already cut it fine to get to the match on time and yet there be Malfoy , skulk off while the rest of the school be absent : Harry 's good chance yet of discover what Malfoy be up to . the silent second trickle past , and Harry remain where he be , frozen , gaze at the place where Malfoy have vanish … " where have you be ? " demand Ginny , as Harry sprint into the change room . the whole team be change and ready ; Coote and Peakes , the Beaters , be both hit their club nervously against their leg . " I meet Malfoy , " Harry tell her quietly , as he pull his scarlet robe over his head . " so I want to know how come he be up at the castle with a couple of girlfriend while everyone else be down here … " " do it matter right now ? " " well , I be not likely to find out , be I ? " say Harry , seize his Firebolt and push his glass straight . " come on then ! " and without another word , he march out onto the pitch to deafen cheer and boo . there be little wind ; the cloud be patchy ; every now and then there be dazzling flash of bright sunlight . " tricky condition ! " McLaggen say bracingly to the team . " Coote , Peakes , you will want to fly out of the sun , so they do n't see you come - " " I be the Captain , McLaggen , shut up give them instruction , " say Harry angrily . " just get up by the goal post ! " once McLaggen have march off , Harry turn to Coote and Peakes . " make sure you do fly out of the sun , " he tell them grudgingly . he shake hand with the Hufflepuff Captain , and then , on Madam Hooch 's whistle , kick off and rise into the air , high than the rest of his team , streak around the pitch in search of the Snitch . if he could catch it good and early , there might be a chance he could get back up to the castle , seize the Marauder 's Map , and find out what Malfoy be do … " and that be Smith of Hufflepuff with the Quaffle , " say a dreamy voice , echo over the ground . " he do the commentary last time , of course , and Ginny Weasley fly into him , I think probably on purpose , it look like it . Smith be be quite rude about Gryffindor , I expect he regret that now he be play them - oh , look , he have lose the Quaffle , Ginny take it from him , I do like her , she be very nice … " Harry stare down at the commentator 's podium . surely nobody in their right mind would have let Luna Lovegood commentate ? but even from above there be no mistake that long , dirtyblonde hair , nor the necklace of butterbeer cork … Beside Luna , Professor McGonagall be look slightly uncomfortable , as though she be indeed have second thought about this appointment . " … but now that big Hufflepuff player have get the Quaffle from her , I ca n't remember his name , it be something like Bibble - no , Buggins - " " it be Cadwallader ! " say Professor McGonagall loudly from beside Luna . the crowd laugh . Harry stare around for the Snitch ; there be no sign of it . moment later , Cadwallader score . McLaggen have be shout criticism at Ginny for allow the Quaffle out of her possession , with the result that he have not notice the large red ball soar past his right ear . " McLaggen , will you pay attention to what you be suppose to be do and leave everyone else alone ! " bellow Harry , wheel around to face his keeper . " you be not set a great example ! " McLaggen shout back , red-faced and furious . " and Harry Potter be now have an argument with his Keeper , " say Luna serenely , while both Hufflepuffs and Slytherins below in the crowd cheer and jeer . " I do n't think that will help him find the Snitch , but maybe it be a clever ruse … " Swearing angrily , Harry spin round and set off around the pitch again , scan the sky for some sign of the tiny , wing golden ball . Ginny and Demelza score a goal apiece , give the red-and-gold-clad supporter below something to cheer about . then Cadwallader score again , make thing level , but Luna do not seem to have notice ; she appear singularly uninterested in such mundane thing as the score , and keep attempt to draw the crowd 's attention to such thing as interestingly shape cloud and the possibility that Zacharias Smith , who have so far fail to maintain possession of the Quaffle for long than a minute , be suffer from something call " Loser 's Lurgy . " " Seventy-forty to Hufflepuff ! " bark Professor McGonagall into Luna 's megaphone . " be it , already ? " say Luna vaguely . " oh , look ! the Gryffindor Keeper 's get hold of one of the Beater 's bat . " Harry spin around in midair . sure enough , McLaggen , for reason well know to himself , have pull Peakes 's bat from him and appear to be demonstrate how to hit a Bludger toward an oncoming Cadwallader . " will you give him back his bat and get back to the goal post ! " roar Harry , pelt toward McLaggen just as McLaggen take a ferocious swipe at the Bludger and mishit it . a blinding , sickening pain … a flash of light … distant scream … and the sensation of fall down a long tunnel … and the next thing Harry know , he be lie in a remarkably warm and comfortable bed and look up at a lamp that be throw a circle of golden light onto a shadowy ceiling . he raise his head awkwardly . there on his left be a familiar-looking , freckly , red-haired person . " nice of you to drop in , " say Ron , grin . Harry blink and look around . of course : he be in the hospital wing . the sky outside be indigo streak with crimson . the match must have finish hour ago … as have any hope of corner Malfoy . Harry 's head feel strangely heavy ; he raise a hand and feel a stiff turban of bandage . " what happen ? " " cracked skull , " say Madam Pomfrey , bustle up and push him back against his pillow . " nothing to worry about , I mend it at once , but I be keep you in overnight . you should n't over exert yourself for a few hour . " " I do n't want to stay here overnight , " say Harry angrily , sit up and throw back his cover . " I want to find McLaggen and kill him . " " I be afraid that would come under the head of ' overexertion , ' " say Madam Pomfrey , push him firmly back onto the bed and raise her wand in a threatening manner . " you will stay here until I discharge you , Potter , or I shall call the headmaster . " she bustle back into her office , and Harry sink back into his pillow , fume . " D'you know how much we lose by ? " he ask Ron through clench tooth . " well , yeah I do , " say Ron apologetically . " final score be three hundred and twenty to sixty . " " brilliant , " say Harry savagely . " really brilliant ! when I get hold of McLaggen - " " you do n't want to get hold of him , he be the size of a troll , " say Ron reasonably . " personally , I think there be a lot to be say for hex him with that toenail thing of the Prince 's . anyway , the rest of the team might have deal with him before you get out of here , they be not happy … " there be a note of badly suppress glee in Ron voice ; Harry could tell he be nothing short of thrill that McLaggen have mess up so badly . Harry lie there , stare up at the patch of light on the ceiling , his recently mend skull not hurt , precisely , but feel slightly tender underneath all the bandage . " I could hear the match commentary from here , " say Ron , his voice now shake with laughter . " I hope Luna always commentate from now on … Loser 's Lurgy … " but Harry be still too angry to see much humor in the situation , and after a while Ron 's snort subside . " Ginny come in to visit while you be unconscious , " he say , after a long pause , and Harry 's imagination zoom into overdrive , rapidly construct a scene in which Ginny , weep over his lifeless form , confess her feeling of deep attraction to him while Ron give them his blessing…"She reckon you only just arrive on time for the match . how come ? you leave here early enough . " " oh … " say Harry , as the scene in his mind 's eye implode . " yeah … well , I see Malfoy sneak off with a couple of girl who do n't look like they want to be with him , and that be the second time he have make sure he be n't down on the Quidditch pitch with the rest of the school ; he skip the last match too , remember ? " Harry sigh . " wish I have follow him now , the match be such a fiasco … " " do n't be stupid , " say Ron sharply . " you could n't have miss a Quidditch match just to follow Malfoy , you be the Captain ! " " I want to know what he be up to , " say Harry . " and do n't tell me its all in my head , not after what I overhear between him and Snape - " " I never say it be all in your head , " say Ron , hoist himself up on an elbow in turn and frown at Harry , " but there be no rule say only one person at a time can be plot anything in this place ! you be get a bit obsess with Malfoy , Harry . I mean , think about miss a match just to follow him … " " I want to catch him at it ! " say Harry in frustration . " I mean , where be he go when he disappear off the map ? " " I dunno … Hogsmeade ? " suggest Ron , yawn . " I have never see him go along any of the secret passageway on the map . I think they be be watch now anyway ? " " well then , I dunno , " say Ron . silence fall between them . Harry stare up at the circle of lamp light above him , think … if only he have Rufus Scrimgeour 's power , he would have be able to set a tail upon Malfoy , but unfortunately Harry do not have an office full of Aurors at his command … he think fleetingly of try to set something up with the D.A. , but there again be the problem that people would be miss from lesson ; most of them , after all , still have full schedule … there be a low , rumble snore from Ron 's bed . after a while Madam Pomfrey come out of her office , this time wear a thick dressing gown . it be easy to feign sleep ; Harry roll over onto his side and listen to all the curtain close themselves as she wave her wand . the lamp dim , and she return to her office ; he hear the door click behind her and know that she be off to bed . this be , Harry reflect in the darkness , the third time that he have be bring to the hospital wing because of a Quidditch injury . last time he have fall off his broom due to the presence of dementors around the pitch , and the time before that , all the bone have be remove from his arm by the incurably inept Professor Lockhart … that have be his most painful injury by far … he remember the agony of regrowing an armful of bone in one night , a discomfort not ease by the arrival of an unexpected visitor in the middle of the - Harry sit bolt upright , his heart pound , his bandage turban askew . he have the solution at last : there be a way to have Malfoy follow - how could he have forget , why have n't he think of it before ? but the question be , how to call him ? what do you do ? quietly , tentatively , Harry speak into the darkness . " Kreacher ? " there be a very loud crack , and the sound of scuffle and squeak fill the silent room . Ron awake with a yelp . " what be go - ? " Harry point his wand hastily at the door of Madam Pomfrey 's office and mutter , " Muffliato ! " so that she would not come run . then he scramble to the end of his bed for a good look at what be go on . two house-elves be roll around on the floor in the middle of the dormitory , one wear a shrunken maroon jumper and several woolly hat , the other , a filthy old rag string over his hip like a loincloth . then there be another loud bang , and Peeves the poltergeist appear in midair above the wrestle elf . " I be watch that , Potty ! " he tell Harry indignantly , point at the fight below , before let out a loud cackle . " look at the ickle creature squabbling , bitey bitey , punchy punchy - " " Kreacher will not insult Harry Potter in front of Dobby , no he wo n't , or Dobby will shut Kreacher 's mouth for him ! " cry Dobby in a high-pitched voice . " - kicky , scratchy ! " cry Peeves happily , now pelt bit of ' chalk at the elf to enrage them further . " tweaky , pokey ! " " Kreacher will say what he like about his master , oh yes , and what a master he be , filthy friend of Mudbloods , oh , what would poor Kreacher 's mistress say - ? " exactly what Kreacher 's mistress would have say they do not find out , for at that moment Dobby sink his knobbly little fist into Kreacher 's mouth and knock out half of his tooth . Harry and Ron both leap out of their bed and wrench the two elf apart , though they continue to try and kick and punch each other , egg on by Peeves , who swoop around the lamp squeal , " stick your finger up his nosey , draw his cork and pull his earsies - " Harry aim his wand at Peeves and say , " Langlock ! " peeve clutch at his throat , gulp , then swoop from the room make obscene gesture but unable to speak , owe to the fact that his tongue have just glue itself to the roof of his mouth . " nice one , " say Ron appreciatively , lift Dobby into the air so that his flail limb no longer make contact with Kreacher . " that be another Prince hex , be n't it ? " " yeah , " say Harry , twist Kreacher 's wizened arm into a half nelson . " right - I be forbid you to fight each other ! well , Kreacher , you be forbid to fight Dobby . Dobby , I know I be not allow to give you order - " " Dobby be a free house-elf and he can obey anyone he like and Dobby will do whatever Harry Potter want him to do ! " say Dobby , tear now stream down his shrivel little face onto his jumper . " okay then , " say Harry , and he and Ron both release the elf , who fall to the floor but do not continue fight . " Master call me ? " croak Kreacher , sink into a bow even as he give Harry a look that plainly wish him a painful death . " yeah , I do , " say Harry , glance toward Madam Pomfrey 's office door to check that the Muffliato spell be still work ; there be no sign that she have hear any of the commotion . " I have get a job for you . " " Kreacher will do whatever Master want , " say Kreacher , sink so low that his lip almost touch his gnarled toe , " because Kreacher have no choice , but Kreacher be ashamed to have such a master , yes - " " Dobby will do it , Harry Potter ! " squeak Dobby , his tennis-ball-sized eye still swim in tear . " Dobby would be honor to help Harry Potter ! " " come to think of it , it would be good to have both of you , " say Harry . " okay then … I want you to tail Draco Malfoy . " ignore the look of mingle surprise and exasperation on Ron 's face , Harry go on , " I want to know where he be go , who he be meet , and what he be do . I want you to follow him around the clock . " " yes , Harry Potter ! " say Dobby at once , his great eye shine with excitement . " and if Dobby do it wrong , Dobby will throw himself off the topmost tower , Harry Potter ! " " there wo n't be any need for that , " say Harry hastily . " master want me to follow the young of the Malfoys ? " croak Kreacher . " master want me to spy upon the pureblood great-nephew of my old mistress ? " " that be the one , " say Harry , foresee a great danger and determine to prevent it immediately . " and you be forbid to tip him off , Kreacher , or to show him what you be up to , or to talk to him at all , or to write him message or … or to contact him in any way . got it ? " he think he could see Kreacher struggle to see a loophole in the instruction he have just be give and wait . after a moment or two , and to Harry great satisfaction , Kreacher bow deeply again and say , with bitter resentment , " Master think of everything , and Kreacher must obey him even though Kreacher would much rather be the servant of the Malfoy boy , oh yes … " " that be settle , then , " say Harry . " I will want regular report , but make sure I be not surround by people when you turn up . Ron and Hermione be okay . and do n't tell anyone what you be do . just stick to Malfoy like a couple of wart plaster . " chapter TWENTY Lord Voldemort 's Request Harry and Ron leave the hospital wing first thing on Monday morning , restore to full health by the ministration of Madam Pomfrey and now able to enjoy the benefit of have be knock out and poison , the good of which be that Hermione be friend with Ron again . Hermione even escort them down to breakfast , bring with her the news that Ginny have argue with Dean . the drowse creature in Harry 's chest suddenly raise its head , sniff the air hopefully . " what do they row about ? " he ask , try to sound casual as they turn onto a seventh-floor corridor that be desert but for a very small girl who have be examine a tapestry of troll in tutu . she look terrify at the sight of the approach sixth year and drop the heavy brass scale she be carry . " it be all right ! " say Hermione kindly , hurry forward to help her . " here … " she tap the break scale with her wand and say , " Reparo . " the girl do not say thank you , but remain root to the spot as they pass and watch them out of sight ; Ron glance back at her . " I swear they be get small , " he say . " never mind her , " say Harry , a little impatiently . " what do Ginny and Dean row about , Hermione ? " " oh , Dean be laugh about McLaggen hit that Bludger at you , " say Hermione " it must have look funny , " say Ron reasonably " it do n't look funny at all ! " say Hermione hotly , " it look terrible and if Coote and Peakes have n't catch Harry he could have be badly hurt ! " " yeah , well , there be no need for Ginny and Dean to split up over it , " say Harry , still try to sound casual . " or be they still together ? " " yes , they be - but why be you so interested ? " ask Hermione , give Harry a sharp look . " I just do n't want my Quidditch team mess up again ! " he say hastily , but Hermione continue to look suspicious , and he be most relieve when a voice behind them call , " Harry ! " give him an excuse to turn his back on her . " oh , hi , Luna . " " I go to the hospital wing to find you , " say Luna , rummage in her bag . " but they say you have leave … " she thrust what appear to be a green onion , a large spotted toadstool , and a considerable amount of what look like cat litter into Ron 's hand , finally pull out a rather grubby scroll of parchment that she hand to Harry . " … I have be tell to give you this . " it be a small roll of parchment , which Harry recognize at once as another invitation to a lesson with Dumbledore . " tonight , " he tell Ron and Hermione , once he have unroll it . " nice commentary last match ! " say Ron to Luna as she take back the green onion , the toadstool , and the cat litter . Luna smile vaguely . " you be make fun of me , be n't you ? " she say . " everyone say I be dreadful . " " no , I be serious ! " say Ron earnestly . " I ca n't remember enjoy commentary more ! what be this , by the way ? " he add , hold the onionlike object up to eye level . " oh , it be a Gurdyroot , " she say , stuff the cat litter and the toadstool back into her bag . " you can keep it if you like , I have get a few of them . they be really excellent for ward off Gulping Plimpies . " and she walk away , leave Ron chortle , still clutch the Gurdyroot . " you know , she be grow on me , Luna , " he say , as they set off again for the Great Hall . " I know she be insane , but it be in a good - " he stop talk very suddenly . Lavender Brown be stand at the foot of the marble staircase look thunderous . " hi , " say Ron nervously . " C'mon , " Harry mutter to Hermione , and they speed past , though not before they have hear Lavender say , " why do n't you tell me you be get out today ? and why be she with you ? " Ron look both sulky and annoy when he appear at breakfast half an hour later , and though he sit with Lavender , Harry do not see them exchange a word all the time they be together . Hermione be act as though she be quite oblivious to all of this , but once or twice Harry see an inexplicable smirk cross her face . all that day she seem to be in a particularly good mood , and that evening in the common room she even consent to look over ( in other word , finish write ) Harry 's Herbology essay , something she have be resolutely refuse to do up to this point , because she have know that Harry would then let Ron copy his work . " thanks a lot , Hermione , " say Harry , give her a hasty pat on the back as he check his watch and see that it be nearly eight o'clock . " listen , I have get to hurry or I will be late for Dumbledore … " she do not answer , but merely cross out a few of his feeble sentence in a weary sort of way . grin , Harry hurry out through the portrait hole and off to the headmaster 's office . the gargoyle leap aside at the mention of toffee eclairs , and Harry take the spiral staircase two step at a time , knock on the door just as a clock within chime eight . " enter , " call Dumbledore , but as Harry put out a hand to push the door , it be wrench open from inside . there stand Professor Trelawney . " Aha ! " she cry , point dramatically at Harry as she blink at him through her magnifying spectacle . " so this be the reason I be to be throw unceremoniously from your office , Dumbledore ! " " my dear Sybill , " say Dumbledore in a slightly exasperate voice , " there be no question of throw you unceremoniously from anywhere , but Harry do have an appointment , and I really do n't think there be any more to be say - " " Very well , " say Professor Trelawney , in a deeply wounded voice . " if you will not banish the usurp nag , so be it … perhaps I shall find a school where my talent be well appreciate … " she push past Harry and disappear down the spiral staircase ; they hear her stumble halfway down , and Harry guess that she have trip over one of her trail shawl . " please close the door and sit down , Harry , " say Dumbledore , sound rather tired . Harry obey , notice as he take his usual seat in front of Dumbledore 's desk that the Pensieve lie between them once more , as do two more tiny crystal bottle full of swirling memory . " Professor Trelawney still be n't happy Firenze be teach , then ? " Harry ask . " no , " say Dumbledore , " Divination be turn out to be much more trouble than I could have foresee , never have study the subject myself . I can ask Firenze to return to the forest , where he be now an outcast , nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave . between ourselves , she have no idea of the danger she would be in outside the castle . she do not know - and I think it would be unwise to enlighten her - that she make the prophecy about you and Voldemort , you see . " Dumbledore heave a deep sigh , then say , " but never mind my staffing problem . we have much more important matter to discuss . firstly - have you manage the task I set you at the end of our previous lesson ? " " ah , " say Harry , bring up short . what with apparition lesson and Quidditch and Ron be poison and get his skull crack and his determination to find out what Draco Malfoy be up to , Harry have almost forget about the memory Dumbledore have ask him to extract from Professor Slughorn . " well , I ask Professor Slughorn about it at the end of potion , sir , but , er , he would n't give it to me . " there be a little silence . " I see , " say Dumbledore eventually , peer at Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacle and give Harry the usual sensation that he be be X-rayed . " and you feel that you have exert your very good effort in this matter , do you ? that you have exercise all of your considerable ingenuity ? that you have leave no depth of cunning unplumbed in your quest to retrieve the memory ? " " well , " Harry stall , at a loss for what to say next . his single attempt to get hold of the memory suddenly seem embarrassingly feeble . " well … the day Ron swallow love potion by mistake I take him to Professor Slughorn . I think maybe if I get Professor Slughorn in a good enough mood - " " and do that work ? " ask Dumbledore . " well , no , sir , because Ron get poison - " " - which , naturally , make you forget all about try to retrieve the memory ; I would have expect nothing else , while your good friend be in danger . once it become clear that Mr. Weasley be go to make a full recovery , however , I would have hope that you return to the task I set you . I think I make it clear to you how very important that memory be . indeed , I do my good to impress upon you that it be the most crucial memory of all and that we will be waste our time without it . " a hot , prickly feeling of shame spread from the top of Harry 's head all the way down his body . Dumbledore have not raise his voice , he do not even sound angry , but Harry would have prefer him to yell ; this cold disappointment be bad than anything . " Sir , " he say , a little desperately , " it be n't that I be n't bother or anything , I have just have other - other thing … " " other thing on your mind , " Dumbledore finish the sentence for him . " I see . " silence fall between them again , the most uncomfortable silence Harry have ever experience with Dumbledore ; it seem to go on and on , punctuate only by the little grunt snore of the portrait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore 's head . Harry feel strangely diminish , as though he have shrink a little since he have enter the room . when he could stand it no longer he say , " Professor Dumbledore , I be really sorry . I should have do more … I should have realize you would n't have ask me to do it if it be n't really important . " " thank you for say that , Harry , " say Dumbledore quietly . " may I hope , then , that you will give this matter high priority from now on ? there will be little point in our meeting after tonight unless we have that memory . " " I will do it , sir , I will get it from him , " he say earnestly . " then we shall say no more about it just now , " say Dumbledore more kindly , " but continue with our story where we leave off . you remember where that be ? " " yes , sir , " say Harry quickly . " Voldemort kill his father and his grandparent and make it look as though his Uncle Morfin do it . then he go back to Hogwarts and he ask … he ask Professor Slughorn about Horcruxes , " he mumble shamefacedly . " very good , " say Dumbledore . " now , you will remember , I hope , that I tell you at the very outset of these meeting of ours that we would be enter the realm of guesswork and speculation ? " " yes , sir . " " thus far , as I hope you agree , I have show you reasonably firm source of fact for my deduction as to what Voldemort do until the age of seventeen ? " Harry nod . " but now , Harry , " say Dumbledore , " now thing become murky and strange . if it be difficult to find evidence about the boy Riddle , it have be almost impossible to find anyone prepare to reminisce about the man Voldemort . in fact , I doubt whether there be a soul alive , apart from himself , who could give us a full account of his life since he leave Hogwarts . however , I have two last memory that I would like to share with you . " Dumbledore indicate the two little crystal bottle gleam beside the Pensieve . " I shall then be glad of your opinion as to whether the conclusion I have draw from them seem likely . " the idea that Dumbledore value his opinion this highly make Harry feel even more deeply ashamed that he have fail in the task of retrieve the Horcrux memory , and he shift guiltily in his seat as Dumbledore raise the first of the two bottle to the light and examine it . " I hope you be not tired of dive into other people 's memory , for they be curious recollection , these two , " he say . " this first one come from a very old house-elf by the name of hokey . before we see what hokey witness , I must quickly recount how Lord Voldemort leave Hogwarts . " he reach the seventh year of his schooling with , as you might have expect , top grade in every examination he have take . all around him , his classmate be decide which job they be to pursue once they have leave Hogwarts . nearly everybody expect spectacular thing from Tom Riddle , prefect , Head Boy , winner of the Award for special Services to the School . I know that several teacher , Professor Slughorn amongst them , suggest that he join the Ministry of Magic , offer to set up appointment , put him in touch with useful contact . he refuse all offer . the next thing the staff know , Voldemort be work at Borgin and Burkes . " " at Borgin and Burkes ? " Harry repeat , stun . " at Borgin and Burkes , " repeat Dumbledore calmly . " I think you will see what attraction the place hold for him when we have enter hokey 's memory . but this be not Voldemort 's first choice of job . hardly anyone know of it at the time - I be one of the few in whom the then headmaster confide - but Voldemort first approach Professor Dippet and ask whether he could remain at Hogwarts as a teacher . " " he want to stay here ? why ? " ask Harry , more amaze still . " I believe he have several reason , though he confide none of them to Professor Dippet , " say Dumbledore . " firstly , and very importantly , Voldemort be , I believe , more attach to this school than he have ever be to a person . Hogwarts be where he have be happy ; the first and only place he have feel at home . " Harry feel slightly uncomfortable at these word , for this be exactly how he feel about Hogwarts too . " secondly , the castle be a stronghold of ancient magic . undoubtedly Voldemort have penetrate many more of its secret than most of the student who pass through the place , but he may have feel that there be still mystery to unravel , store of magic to tap . " and thirdly , as a teacher , he would have have great power and influence over young witch and wizard . perhaps he have gain the idea from Professor Slughorn , the teacher with whom he be on good term , who have demonstrate how influential a role a teacher can play . I do not imagine for an instant that Voldemort envisage spend the rest of his life at Hogwarts , but I do think that he see it as a useful recruiting ground , and a place where he might begin to build himself an army . " " but he do n't get the job , sir ? " " no , he do not . Professor Dippet tell him that he be too young at eighteen , but invite him to reapply in a few year , if he still wish to teach . " " how do you feel about that , sir ? " ask Harry hesitantly . " deeply uneasy , " say Dumbledore . " I have advise Armando against the appointment - I do not give the reason I have give you , for Professor Dippet be very fond of Voldemort and convince of his honesty . but I do not want Lord Voldemort back at this school , and especially not in a position of power . " " which job do he want , sir ? what subject do he want to teach ? " somehow , Harry know the answer even before Dumbledore give it . " defense against the dark art . it be be teach at the time by an old Professor by the name of Galatea Merrythought , who have be at Hogwarts for nearly fifty year . " so Voldemort go off to Borgin and Burkes , and all the staff who have admire him say what a waste it be , a brilliant young wizard like that , work in a shop . however , Voldemort be no mere assistant . polite and handsome and clever , he be soon give particular job of the type that only exist in a place like Borgin and Burkes , which specialize , as you know , Harry , in object with unusual and powerful property . Voldemort be send to persuade people to part with their treasure for sale by the partner , and he be , by all account , unusually gifted at do this . " " I will bet he be , " say Harry , unable to contain himself . " well , quite , " say Dumbledore , with a faint smile . " and now it be time to hear from hokey the house-elf , who work for a very old , very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith . " Dumbledore tap a bottle with his wand , the cork fly out , and he tip the swirling memory into the Pensieve , say as he do so , " after you , Harry . " Harry get to his foot and bend once more over the ripple silver content of the stone basin until his face touch them . he tumble through dark nothingness and land in a sit room in front of an immensely fat old lady wear an elaborate ginger wig and a brilliant pink set of robe that flow all around her , give her the look of a melt iced cake . she be look into a small jewel mirror and dab rouge onto her already scarlet cheek with a large powder puff , while the tiny and old house-elf Harry have ever see lace her fleshy foot into tight satin slipper . " hurry up , hokey ! " say Hepzibah imperiously . " he say he will come at four , it be only a couple of minute to and he have never be late yet ! " she tuck away her powder puff as the house-elf straighten up . the top of the elf 's head barely reach the seat of Hepzibah 's chair , and her papery skin hang off her frame just like the crisp linen sheet she wear drape like a toga . " how do I look ? " say Hepzibah , turn her head to admire the various angle of her face in the mirror . " lovely , madam , " squeak hokey . Harry could only assume that it be down in hokey 's contract that she must lie through her tooth when ask this question , because Hepzibah Smith look a long way from lovely in his opinion . a tinkling doorbell ring and both mistress and elf jump . " quick , quick , he be here , hokey ! " cry Hepzibah and the elf scurry out of the room , which be so cram with object that it be difficult to see how anybody could navigate their way across it without knock over at least a dozen thing : there be cabinet full of little lacquer box , case full of gold-embossed book , shelf of orb and celestial globe , and many flourishing potted plant in brass container . in fact , the room look like a cross between a magical antique shop and a conservatory . the house-elf return within minute , follow by a tall young man Harry have no difficulty whatsoever in recognize as Voldemort . he be plainly dress in a black suit ; his hair be a little longer than it have be at school and his cheek be hollow , but all of this suit him ; he look more handsome than ever . he pick his way through the cramped room with an air that show he have visit many time before and bow low over Hepzibah 's fat little hand , brush it with his lip . " I bring you flower , " he say quietly , produce a bunch of rose from nowhere . " you naughty boy , you should n't have ! " squeal old Hepzibah , though Harry notice that she have an empty vase stand ready on the near little table . " you do spoil this old lady , Tom … Sit down , sit down … where be hokey ? ah … " the house-elf have come dash back into the room carry a tray of little cake , which she set at her mistress 's elbow . " help yourself , Tom , " say Hepzibah , " I know how you love my cake . now , how be you ? you look pale . they overwork you at that shop , I have say it a hundred time … " Voldemort smile mechanically and Hepzibah simper . " well , what have your excuse for visit this time ? " she ask , batering her lash . " Mr. Burke would like to make an improve offer for the goblin-made armor , " say Voldemort . " five hundred Galleons , he feel it be a more than fair - " " now , now , not so fast , or I will think you be only here for my trinket ! " pout Hepzibah . " I be order here because of them , " say Voldemort quietly . " I be only a poor assistant , madam , who must do as he be tell . Mr. Burke wish me to inquire - " " oh , Mr. Burke , phooey ! " say Hepzibah , wave a little hand . " I have something to show you that I have never show Mr. Burke ! can you keep a secret , Tom ? will you promise you wo n't tell Mr. Burke I have get it ? he will never let me rest if he know I have show it to you , and I be not sell , not to Burke , not to anyone ! but you , Tom , you will appreciate it for its history , not how many Galleons you can get for it . " " I will be glad to see anything Miss Hepzibah show me , " say Voldemort quietly , and Hepzibah give another girlish giggle . " I have hokey bring it out for me … hokey , where be you ? I want to show Mr. Riddle our fine treasure … in fact , bring both , while you be at it … " " here , madam , " squeak the house-elf , and Harry see two leather box , one on top of the other , move across the room as if of their own volition , though he know the tiny elf be hold them over her head as she wend her way between table , pouffe , and footstool . " now , " say Hepzibah happily , take the box from the elf , lay them in her lap , and prepare to open the topmost one , " I think you will like this , Tom … Oh , if my family know I be show you … they ca n't wait to get their hand on this ! " she open the lid . Harry edge forward a little to get a good view and see what look like a small golden cup with two finely wrought handle . " I wonder whether you know what it be , Tom ? pick it up , have a good look ! " whisper Hepzibah , and Voldemort stretch out a long-fingered hand and lift the cup by one handle out of its snug silken wrapping . Harry think he see a red gleam in his dark eye . his greedy expression be curiously mirror on Hepzibah 's face , except that her tiny eye be fix upon Voldemort 's handsome feature . " a badger , " murmur Voldemort , examine the engraving upon the cup . " then this be … ? " " Helga Hufflepuff 's , as you very well know , you clever boy ! " say Hepzibah , lean forward with a loud creak of corset and actually pinch his hollow cheek . " do n't I tell you I be distantly descend ? this have be hand down in the family for year and year . lovely , be n't it ? and all sort of power it be suppose to possess too , but I have n't test them thoroughly , I just keep it nice and safe in here … " she hook the cup back off Voldemort 's long forefinger and restore it gently to its box , too intent upon settle it carefully back into position to notice the shadow that cross Voldemort 's face as the cup be take away . " now then , " say Hepzibah happily , " where be hokey ? oh yes , there you be - take that away now , hokey . " the elf obediently take the box cup , and Hepzibah turn her attention to the much flatter box in her lap . " I think you will like this even more , Tom , " she whisper . " lean in a little , dear boy , so you can see … of course , Burke know I have get this one , I buy it from him , and I daresay he will love to get it back when I be go … " she slide back the fine filigree clasp and flip open the box . there upon the smooth crimson velvet lie a heavy golden locket . Voldemort reach out his hand , without invitation this time , and hold it up to the light , stare at it . " Slytherin 's mark , " he say quietly , as the light play upon an ornate , serpentine S. " that be right ! " say Hepzibah , delighted , apparently , at the sight of Voldemort gaze at her locket , transfix . " I have to pay an arm and a leg for it , but I could n't let it pass , not a real treasure like that , have to have it for my collection . Burke buy it , apparently , from a raggedlooking woman who seem to have steal it , but have no idea of its true value - " there be no mistake it this time : Voldemort 's eye flash scarlet at the word , and Harry see his knuckle whiten on the locket 's chain . " - I daresay Burke pay her a pittance but there you be … Pretty , be n't it ? and again , all kind of power attribute to it , though I just keep it nice and safe … " she reach out to take the locket back . for a moment , Harry think Voldemort be not go to let go of it , but then it have slide through his finger and be back in its red velvet cushion . " so there you be , Tom , clear , and I hope you enjoy that ! " she look him full in the face and for the first time , Harry see her foolish smile falter . " be you all right , dear ? " " oh yes , " say Voldemort quietly . " yes , I be very well … " " I think - but a trick of the light , I suppose - " say Hepzibah , look unnerved , and Harry guess that she too have see the momentary red gleam in Voldemort 's eye . " here , hokey , take these away and lock them up again … the usual enchantment … " " Time to leave , Harry , " say Dumbledore quietly , and as the in tie elf bob away bear the box , Dumbledore grasp Harry once again above the elbow and together they rise up through oblivion and back to Dumbledore 's office . " Hepzibah Smith die two day after that little scene , " say Dumbledore , resume his seat and indicate that Harry should do the same . " hokey the house-elf be convict by the Ministry of poison her mistress 's evening cocoa by accident . " " no way ! " say Harry angrily . " I see we be of one mind , " say Dumbledore . " certainly , there be many similarity between this death and that of the Riddles . in both case , somebody else take the blame , someone who have a clear memory of have cause the death - " " hokey confess ? " " she remember put something in her mistress 's cocoa that turn out not to be sugar , but a lethal and little-known poison , " say Dumbledore . " it be conclude that she have not mean to do it , but be old and confuse - " " Voldemort modify her memory , just like he do with Morfin ! " " yes , that be my conclusion too , " say Dumbledore . " and , just as with Morfin , the Ministry be predispose to suspect hokey - " " - because she be a house-elf , " say Harry . he have rarely feel more in sympathy with the society Hermione have set up , S.P.E.W. " Precisely , " say Dumbledore . " she be old , she admit to have tamper with the drink , and nobody at the Ministry bother to inquire further . as in the case of Morfin , by the time I trace her and manage to extract this memory , her life be almost over - but her memory , of course , prove nothing except that Voldemort know of the existence of the cup and the locket . " by the time hokey be convict , Hepzibah 's family have realize that two of her great treasure be miss . it take them a while to be sure of this , for she have many hiding place , have always guard her collection most jealously . but before they be sure beyond doubt that the cup and the locket be both go , the assistant who have work at Borgin and Burkes , the young man who have visit Hepzibah so regularly and charm her so well , have resign his post and vanish . his superior have no idea where he have go ; they be as surprise as anyone at his disappearance . and that be the last that be see or hear of Tom Riddle for a very long time . " now , " say Dumbledore , " if you do n't mind , Harry , I want to pause once more to draw your attention to certain point of our story . Voldemort have commit another murder ; whether it be his first since he kill the Riddles , I do not know , but I think it be . this time , as you will have see , he kill not for revenge , but for gain . he want the two fabulous trophy that poor , besotted , old woman show him . just as he have once rob the other child at his orphanage , just as he have steal his Uncle Morfin 's ring , so he run off now with Hepzibahs cup and locket . " " but , " say Harry , frown , " it seem mad … Risking everything , throw away his job , just for those … " " mad to you , perhaps , but not to Voldemort , " say Dumbledore . " I hope you will understand in due course exactly what those object mean to him , Harry , but you must admit that it be not difficult to imagine that he see the locket , at least , as rightfully his . " " the locket maybe , " say Harry , " but why take the cup as well ? " " it have belong to another of Hogwarts 's founder , " say Dumbledore . " I think he still feel a great pull toward the school and that he could not resist an object so steep in Hogwarts history . there be other reason , I think … I hope to be able to demonstrate them to you in due course . " and now for the very last recollection I have to show you , at least until you manage to retrieve Professor Slughorn 's memory for us . ten year separate hokey 's memory and this one , ten year during which we can only guess at what Lord Voldemort be do … " Harry get to his foot once more as Dumbledore empty the last memory into the Pensieve . " whose memory be it ? " he ask . " mine , " say Dumbledore . and Harry dive after Dumbledore through the shift silver mass , landing in the very office he have just leave . there be Fawkes slumber happily on his perch , and there behind the desk be Dumbledore , who look very similar to the Dumbledore standing beside Harry , though both hand be whole and undamaged and his face be , perhaps , a little less line . the one difference between the present-day office and this one be that it be snow in the past ; bluish fleck be drift past the window in the dark and build up on the outside ledge . the young Dumbledore seem to be wait for something , and sure enough , moment after their arrival , there be a knock on the door and he say , " Enter . " Harry let out a hastily stifle gasp . Voldemort have enter the room . his feature be not those Harry have see emerge from the great stone cauldron almost two year ago : they be not as snake-like , the eye be not yet scarlet , the face not yet masklike , and yet he be no longer handsome Tom Riddle . it be as though his feature have be burn and blur ; they be waxy and oddly distorted , and the white of the eye now have a permanently bloody look , though the pupil be not yet the slit that Harry know they would become . he be wear a long black cloak , and his face be as pale as the snow glisten on his shoulder . the Dumbledore behind the desk show no sign of surprise . evidently this visit have be make by appointment . " good evening , Tom , " say Dumbledore easily . " wo n't you sit down ? " " thank you , " say Voldemort , and he take the seat to which Dumbledore have gesture - the very seat , by the look of it , that Harry have just vacate in the present . " I hear that you have become headmaster , " he say , and his voice be slightly high and cold than it have be . " a worthy choice . " " I be glad you approve , " say Dumbledore , smile . " may I offer you a drink ? " " that would be welcome , " say Voldemort . " I have come a long way . " Dumbledore stand and sweep over to the cabinet where he now keep the Pensieve , but which then be full of bottle . have hand Voldemort a goblet of wine and pour one for himself , he return to the seat behind his desk . " so , Tom … to what do I owe the pleasure ? " Voldemort do not answer at once , but merely sip his wine . " they do not call me ' Tom ' anymore , " he say . " these day , I be know as - " " I know what you be know as , " say Dumbledore , smile , pleasantly . " but to me , I be afraid , you will always be Tom Riddle . it be one of the irritate thing about old teacher . I be afraid that they never quite forget their charge ' youthful beginning . " he raise his glass as though toast Voldemort , whose face remain expressionless . nevertheless , Harry feel the atmosphere in the room change subtly : Dumbledore 's refusal to use Voldemort 's choose name be a refusal to allow Voldemort to dictate the term of the meeting , and Harry could tell that Voldemort take it as such . " I be surprised you have remain here so long , " say Voldemort after a short pause . " I always wonder why a wizard such as yourself never wish to leave school . " " well , " say Dumbledore , still smile , " to a wizard such as myself , there can be nothing more important than pass on ancient skill , help hone young mind . if I remember correctly , you once see the attraction of teach too . " " I see it still , " say Voldemort . " I merely wonder why you - who be so often ask for advice by the Ministry , and who have twice , I think , be offer the post of Minister - " " three time at the last count , actually , " say Dumbledore . " but the Ministry never attract me as a career . again , something we have in common , I think . " Voldemort incline his head , unsmiling , and take another sip of wine . Dumbledore do not break the silence that stretch between them now , but wait , with a look of pleasant expectancy , for Voldemort to talk first . " I have return , " he say , after a little while , " later , perhaps , than Professor Dippet expect … but I have return , nevertheless , to request again what he once tell me I be too young to have . I have come to you to ask that you permit me to return to this castle , to teach . I think you must know that I have see and do much since I leave this place . I could show and tell your student thing they can gain from no other wizard . " Dumbledore consider Voldemort over the top of his own goblet for a while before speak . " yes , I certainly do know that you have see and do much since leave us , " he say quietly . " rumor of your doing have reach your old school , Tom . I should be sorry to believe half of them . " Voldemort 's expression remain impassive as he say , " greatness inspire envy , envy engender spite , spite spawn lie . you must know this , Dumbledore . " " you call it ' greatness , ' what you have be do , do you ? " ask Dumbledore delicately . " certainly , " say Voldemort , and his eye seem to burn red . " I have experiment ; I have push the boundary of magic further , perhaps , than they have ever be push - " " of some kind of magic , " Dumbledore correct him quietly . " of some . of other , you remain … forgive me … woefully ignorant . " for the first time , Voldemort smile . it be a taut leer , an evil thing , more threaten than a look of rage . " the old argument , " he say softly . " but nothing I have see in the world have support your famous pronouncement that love be more powerful than my kind of magic , Dumbledore . " " perhaps you have be look in the wrong place , " suggest Dumbledore . " well , then , what well place to start my fresh research than here , at Hogwarts ? " say Voldemort . " will you let me return ? will you let me share my knowledge with your student ? I place myself and my talent at your disposal . I be yours to command . " Dumbledore raise his eyebrow . " and what will become of those whom you command ? what will happen to those who call themselves - or so rumor have it - the Death Eaters ? " Harry could tell that Voldemort have not expect Dumbledore to know this name ; he see Voldemort 's eye flash red again and the slitlike nostril flare . " my friend , " he say , after a moment 's pause , " will carry on without me , I be sure . " " I be glad to hear that you consider them friend , " say Dumbledore . " I be under the impression that they be more in the order of servant . " " you be mistake , " say Voldemort . " then if I be to go to the Hog 's Head tonight , I would not find a group of them - Nott , Rosier , Muldber , Dolohov - await your return ? devoted friend indeed , to travel this far with you on a snowy night , merely to wish you luck as you attempt to secure a teaching post . " there could be no doubt that Dumbledore 's detailed knowledge of those with whom he be travel be even less welcome to Voldemort ; however , he rally almost at once . " you be omniscient as ever , Dumbledore . " " oh no , merely friendly with the local barman , " say Dumbledore lightly . " now , Tom … " Dumbledore set down his empty glass and draw himself up in his seat , the tip of his finger together in a very characteristic gesture . " let us speak openly . why have you come here tonight , surround by henchman , to request a job we both know you do not want ? " Voldemort look coldly surprise . " a job I do not want ? on the contrary , Dumbledore , I want it very much . " " oh , you want to come back to Hogwarts , but you do not want to teach any more than you want to when you be eighteen . what be it you be after , Tom ? why not try an open request for once ? " Voldemort sneer . " if you do not want to give me a job - " " of course I do n't , " say Dumbledore . " and I do n't think for a moment you expect me to . nevertheless , you come here , you ask , you must have have a purpose . " Voldemort stand up . he look less like Tom Riddle than ever , his feature thick with rage . " this be your final word ? " " it be , " say Dumbledore , also stand . " then we have nothing more to say to each other . " " no , nothing , " say Dumbledore , and a great sadness fill his face . " the time be long go when I could frighten you with a burning wardrobe and force you to make repayment for your crime . but I wish I could , Tom … I wish I could … " for a second , Harry be on the verge of shout a pointless warning : he be sure that Voldemort 's hand have twitch toward his pocket and his wand ; but then the moment have pass , Voldemort have turn away , the door be close , and he be go . Harry feel Dumbledore 's hand close over his arm again and moment later , they be stand together on almost the same spot , but there be no snow building on the window ledge , and Dumbledore 's hand be blacken and dead-looking once more . " why ? " say Harry at once , look up into Dumbledore 's face . " why do he come back ? do you ever find out ? " " I have idea , " say Dumbledore , " but no more than that . " " what idea , sir ? " " I shall tell you , Harry , when you have retrieve that memory from Professor Slughorn , " say Dumbledore . " when you have that last piece of the jigsaw , everything will , I hope , be clear … to both of us . " Harry be still burn with curiosity and even though Dumbledore have walk to the door and be hold it open for him , he do not move at once . " be he after the defense against the Dark Art job again , sir ? he do n't say … " " oh , he definitely want the defense against the Dark Arts job , " say Dumbledore . " the aftermath of our little meeting prove that . you see , we have never be able to keep a defense against the Dark Art teacher for long than a year since I refuse the post to Lord Voldemort . " chapter twenty-one the unknowable Room Harry wrack his brain over the next week as to how he be to persuade Slughorn to hand over the true memory , but nothing in the nature of a brain wave occur and he be reduce to do what he do increasingly these day when at a loss : pore over his potion book , hope that the Prince would have scribble something useful in a margin , as he have do so many time before . " you wo n't find anything in there , " say Hermione firmly , late on Sunday evening . " do n't start , Hermione , " say Harry . " if it have n't be for the Prince , Ron would n't be sit here now . " " he would if you have just listen to Snape in our first year , " say Hermione dismissively . Harry ignore her . he have just find an incantation ( " Sectumsempra ! " ) scrawl in a margin above the intriguing word " for enemy , " and be itch to try it out , but think it well not to in front of Hermione . instead , he surreptitiously fold down the corner of the page . they be sit beside the fire in the common room ; the only other people awake be fellow sixth year . there have be a certain amount of excitement earlier when they have come back from dinner to find a new sign on the notice board that announce the date for their apparition test . those who would be seventeen on or before the first test date , the twenty-first of April , have the option of sign up for additional practice session , which would take place ( heavily supervise ) in Hogsmeade . Ron have panic on read this notice ; he have still not manage to Apparate and fear he would not be ready for the test . Hermione , who have now achieve apparition twice , be a little more confident , but Harry , who would not be seventeen for another four month , could not take the test whether ready or not . " at least you can Apparate , though ! " say Ron tensely . " you will have no trouble come July ! " " I have only do it once , " Harry remind him ; he have finally manage to disappear and rematerialize inside his hoop during their previous lesson . have waste a lot of time worry aloud about Apparition , Ron be now struggle to finish a viciously difficult essay for Snape that Harry and Hermione have already complete . Harry fully expect to receive low mark on his , because he have disagree with Snape on the good way to tackle dementors , but he do not care : Slughorns memory be the most important thing to him now . " I be tell you , the stupid Prince be n't go to be able to help you with this , Harry ! " say Hermione , more loudly . " there be only one way to force someone to do what you want , and that be the Imperius Curse , which be illegal - " " Yeah , I know that , thanks , " say Harry , not look up from the book . " that be why I be look for something different . Dumbledore say Veritaserum wo n't do it , but there might be something else , a potion or a spell … " " you be go about it the wrong way , " say Hermione . " only you can get the memory , Dumbledore say . that must mean you can persuade Slughorn where other people ca n't . it be not a question of slip him a potion , anyone could do that - " " how do you spell ' belligerent ' ? " say Ron , shake his quill very hard while stare at his parchment . " it ca n't be B - U - M - " " no , it be n't , " say Hermione , pull Ron 's essay toward her . " and ' augury ' do n't begin O - R - G either . what kind of quill be you use ? " " it be one of Fred and George 's Spell-Check one , but I think the charm must be wear off . " " yes , it must , " say Hermione , point at the title of his essay , " because we be ask how we will deal with dementors , not ' Dug-bogs ' , and I do n't remember you change your name to ' Roonil Wazlib ' either . " " ah no ! " say Ron , stare horror-struck at the parchment . " do n't say I will have to write the whole thing out again ! " " it be okay , we can fix it , " say Hermione , pull the essay toward her and take out her wand . " I love you , Hermione , " say Ron , sink back in his chair , rub his eye wearily . Hermione turn faintly pink , but merely say , " do n't let Lavender hear you say that . " " I wo n't , " say Ron into his hand . " or maybe I will , then she will ditch me . " " why do n't you ditch her if you want to finish it ? " ask Harry . " you have n't ever chuck anyone , have you ? " say Ron . " you and Cho just - " " Sort of fell apart , yeah , " say Harry . " wish that would happen with me and Lavender , " say Ron gloomily , watch Hermione silently tap each of his misspell word with the end of her wand , so that they correct themselves on the page . " but the more I hint I want to finish it , the tight she hold on . it be like go out with the giant squid . " " there , " say Hermione , some twenty minute later , hand back Ron 's essay . " thanks a million , " say Ron . " can I borrow your quill for the conclusion ? " Harry , who have find nothing useful in the Half-Blood Prince 's note so far , look around ; the three of them be now the only one leave in the common room , Seamus have just go up to bed curse Snape and his essay . the only sound be the crackling of the fire and Ron scratch out one last paragraph on dementors use Hermione 's quill . Harry have just close the Half-Blood Prince 's book , yawn , when - Crack . Hermione let out a little shriek ; Ron spill ink all over his freshly complete essay , and Harry say , " Kreacher ! " the house-elf bow low and address his own gnarled toe . " Master say he want regular report on what the Malfoy boy be do , so Kreacher have come to give - " Crack . Dobby appear alongside Kreacher , his tea-cozy hat askew . " Dobby have be help too , Harry Potter ! " he squeak , cast Kreacher a resentful look . " and Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when he be come to see Harry Potter so they can make their report together ! " " what be this ? " ask Hermione , still look shocked by these sudden appearance . " what be go on , Harry ? " Harry hesitate before answering , because he have not tell Hermione about set Kreacher and Dobby to tail Malfoy ; house-elves be always such a touchy subject with her . " well … they have be follow Malfoy for me , " he say . " night and day , " croak Kreacher . " Dobby have not sleep for a week , Harry Potter ! " say Dobby proudly , sway where he stand . Hermione look indignant . " you have n't sleep , Dobby ? but surely , Harry , you do n't tell him not to - " " no , of course I do n't , " say Harry quickly . " dobby , you can sleep , all right ? but have either of you find out anything ? " he hasten to ask , before Hermione could intervene again . " Master Malfoy move with a nobility that befit his pure blood , " croak Kreacher at once . " his feature recall the fine bone of my mistress and his manner be those of - " " Draco Malfoy be a bad boy ! " squeak Dobby angrily . " a bad boy who - who - " he shudder from the tassel of his tea cozy to the toe of his sock and then run at the fire , as though about to dive into it . Harry , to whom this be not entirely unexpected , catch him around the middle and hold him fast . for a few second Dobby struggle , then go limp . " thank you , Harry Potter , " he pant . " Dobby still find it difficult to speak ill of his old master . " Harry release him ; Dobby straighten his tea cozy and say defiantly to Kreacher , " but Kreacher should know that Draco Malfoy be not a good master to a house-elf ! " " yeah , we do n't need to hear about you be in love with Malfoy , " Harry tell Kreacher . " let be fast forward to where he have actually be go . " Kreacher bow again , look furious , and then say , " Master Malfoy eat in the Great Hall , he sleep in a dormitory in the dungeon , he attend his class in a variety of - " " Dobby , you tell me , " say Harry , cut across Kreacher . " have he be go anywhere he should n't have ? " " Harry Potter , sir , " squeak Dobby , his great orblike eye shine in the firelight , " the Malfoy boy be break no rule that Dobby can discover , but he be still keen to avoid detection . he have be make regular visit to the seventh floor with a variety of other student , who keep watch for him while he enter - " " the Room of Requirement ! " say Harry , smack himself hard on the forehead with Advanced Potion-Making . Hermione and Ron stare at him . " that be where he have be sneak off to ! that be where he be do … whatever he be do ! and I bet that be why he have be disappear off the map - come to think of it , I have never see the Room of Requirement on there ! " " maybe the Marauders never know the room be there , " say Ron . " I think it will be part of the magic of the room , " say Hermione . " if you need it to be unplottable , it will be . " " Dobby , have you manage to get in to have a look at what Malfoy be do ? " say Harry eagerly . " no , Harry Potter , that be impossible , " say Dobby . " no , it be not , " say Harry at once . " Malfoy get into our headquarters there last year , so I will be able to get in and spy on him , no problem . " " but I do n't think you will , Harry , " say Hermione slowly . " Malfoy already know exactly how we be use the room , do n't he , because that stupid Marietta have blab . he need the room to become the headquarters of the D.A. , so it do . but you do n't know what the room become when Malfoy go in there , so you do n't know what to ask it to transform into . " " there will be a way around that , " say Harry dismissively . " you have do brilliantly , Dobby . " " Kreachers do well too , " say Hermione kindly ; but far from look grateful , Kreacher avert his huge , bloodshot eye and croak at the ceiling , " the Mudblood be speak to Kreacher , Kreacher will pretend he can hear - " " get out of it , " Harry snap at him , and Kreacher make one last deep bow and Disapparated . " you will well go and get some sleep too , Dobby . " " thank you , Harry Potter , sir ! " squeak Dobby happily , and he too vanish . " how good be this ? " say Harry enthusiastically , turn to Ron and Hermione the moment the room be elf-free again . " we know where Malfoy be go ! we have get him cornered now ! " " yeah , it be great , " say Ron glumly , who be attempt to mop up the sodden mass of ink chat have recently be an almost complete essay . Hermione pull it toward her and begin siphon the ink off with her wand . " but what be all this about him go up there with a variety of student ' ? " say Hermione . " how many people be in on it ? you would n't think he will trust lot of them to know what he be do - " " Yeah , that be weird , " say Harry , frown . " I hear him tell Crabbe it be n't Crabbe 's business what he be do … so what be he tell all these … all these … " Harry 's voice tail away ; he be stare at the fire . " God , I have be stupid , " he say quietly . " it be obvious , be n't it ? there be a great vat of it down in the dungeon … he could have nick some any time during that lesson … " " nick what ? " say Ron . " Polyjuice Potion . he steal some of the Polyjuice Potion Slughorn show us in our first potion lesson … there be n't a whole variety of student stand guard for Malfoy … it be just Crabbe and Goyle as usual … Yeah , it all fit ! " say Harry , jump up and start to pace in front of the fire . " they be stupid enough to do what they be tell even if he wo n't tell them what he be up to , but he do n't want them to be see lurk around outside the Room of Requirement , so he be get them take Polyjuice to make them look like other people … Those two girl I see him with when he miss Quidditch - ha ! Crabbe and Goyle ! " " do you mean to say , " say Hermione in a hush voice , " that that little girl whose scale I repair - ? " " yeah , of course ! " say Harry loudly , stare at her . " of course ! Malfoy must have be inside the room at the time , so she - what be I talk about ? - he drop the scale to tell Malfoy not to come out , because there be someone there ! and there be that girl who drop the toadspawn too ! we have be walk past him all the time and not realize it ! " " he have get Crabbe and Goyle transform into girl ? " guffaw Ron . " Blimey … no wonder they do n't look too happy these day . I be surprised they do n't tell him to stuff it . " " well , they would n't , would they , if he have show them his Dark Mark ? " say Harry . " hmmm … the dark mark we do n't know exist , " say Hermione skeptically , roll up Ron 's dry essay before it could come to any more harm and hand it to him . " we will see " say Harry confidently . " yes , we will , " Hermione say , get to her foot and stretch . " but , Harry , before you get all excited , I still do n't think you will be able to get into the Room of Requirement without know what be there first . and I do n't think you should forget " - she heave her bag onto her shoulder and give him a very serious look - " that what you be suppose to be concentrate on be get that memory from Slughorn . good night . " Harry watch her go , feel slightly disgruntled . once the door to the girl ' dormitory have close behind her he round on Ron . " what d'you think ? " " wish I could Disapparate like a house-elf , " say Ron , stare at the spot where Dobby have vanish . " I will have that apparition test in the bag . " Harry do not sleep well that night . he lie awake for what feel like hour , wonder how Malfoy be use the Room of Requirement and what he , Harry , would see when he go in there the follow day , for whatever Hermione say , Harry be sure that if Malfoy have be able to see the headquarters of the D.A. , he would be able to see Malfoy 's , what could it be ? a meeting place ? a hideout ? a store-room ? a workshop ? Harry mind work feverishly and his dream , when he finally fall asleep , be break and disturb by image of Malfoy , who turn into Slughorn , who turn into Snape … Harry be in a state of great anticipation over breakfast the follow morning ; he have a free period before Defense against the Dark Arts and be determine to spend it try to get into the Room of Requirement . Hermione be rather ostentatiously show no interest in his whisper plan for force entry into the room , which irritate Harry , because he think she might be a lot of help if she want to . " look , " he say quietly , lean forward and put a hand on the Daily Prophet , which she have just remove from a post owl , to stop her from open it and vanish behind it . " I have n't forget about Slughorn , but I have n't get a clue how to get that memory off him , and until I get a brain wave why should n't I find out what Malfoy be do ? " " I have already tell you , you need to persuade Slughorn , " say Hermione . " it be not a question of trick him or bewitch him , or Dumbledore could have do it in a second . instead of mess around outside the Room of Requirement " - she jerk the Prophet out from under Harry hand and unfold it to look at the front page - " you should go and find Slughorn and start appeal to his good nature . " " anyone we know - ? " ask Ron , as Hermione scan the headline . " yes ! " say Hermione , cause both Harry and Ron to gag on their breakfast . " but it be all right , he be not dead - its Mundungus , he have be arrest and send to Azkaban ! something to do with impersonate an Inferius during an attempted burglary , and someone call Octavius Pepper have vanish . oh , and how horrible , a nine-year-old boy have be arrest for try to kill his grandparent , they think he be under the Imperius Curse . " they finish their breakfast in silence . Hermione set off immediately for Ancient Runes ; Ron for the common room , where he still have to finish his conclusion on Snape 's dementor essay , and Harry for the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching troll to do ballet . Harry slip on his Invisibility Cloak once he have find an empty passage , but he need not have bother . when he reach his destination he find it desert . Harry be not sure whether his chance of get inside the room be good with Malfoy inside it or out , but at least his first attempt be not go to be complicate by the presence of Crabbe or Goyle pretend to be an eleven-year-old girl . he close his eye as he approach the place where the Room of Requirement 's door be conceal . he know what he have to do ; he have become most accomplish at it last year . concentrate with all his might he think , I need to see what Malfoy be do in here … I need to see what Malfoy be do in here … I need to see what Malfoy be do in here … three time he walk past the door ; then , his heart pound with excitement , he open his eye and face it - but he be still look at a stretch of mundanely blank wall . he move forward and give it an experimental push . the stone remain solid and unyielding . " okay , " say Harry aloud . " okay … I think the wrong thing … " he ponder for a moment then set off again , eye close , concentrate as hard as he could . I need to see the place where Malfoy keep come secretly … I need to see the place where Malfoy keep come secretly … after three walk past , he open his eye expectantly . there be no door . " oh , come off it , " he tell the wall irritably . " that be a clear instruction . fine . " he think hard for several minute before stride off once more . I need you to become the place you become for Draco Malfoy … he do not immediately open his eye when he have finish his patrol ; he be listen hard , as though he might hear the door pop into existence . he hear nothing , however , except the distant twitter of bird outside . he open his eye . there be still no door . Harry swear . someone scream . he look around to see a gaggle of first year run back around the corner , apparently under the impression that they have just encounter a particularly foulmouthed ghost . Harry try every variation of I need to see what Draco Malfoy be do inside you that he could think of for a whole hour , at the end of which he be force to concede that Hermione might have have a point : the room simply do not want to open for him . Frus-trated and annoyed , he set off for Defense against the dark art , pull off his Invisibility Cloak and stuff it into his bag as he go . " late again , Potter , " say Snape coldly , as Harry hurry into the candlelit classroom . " ten point from Gryfrindor . " Harry scowl at Snape as he fling himself into the seat beside Ron . half the class be still on their foot , take out book and organize their thing ; he could not be much later than any of them . " before we start , I want your dementor essay , " say Snape , wave his wand carelessly , so that twenty-five scroll of parchment soar into the air and land in a neat pile on his desk . " and I hope for your sake they be good than the tripe I have to endure on resist the Imperius Curse . now , if you will all open your book to page - what be it , Mr. Finnigan ? " " Sir , " say Seamus , " I have be wonder , how do you tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost ? because there be something in the paper about an Inferius - " " no , there be n't , " say Snape in a bored voice . " but sir , I hear people talk - " " if you have actually read the article in question , Mr. Finnigan , you would have know that the so-called Inferius be nothing but a smelly sneak thief by the name of Mundungus Fletcher . " " I think Snape and Mundungus be on the same side , " mutter Harry to Ron and Hermione . " should n't he be upset Mundungus have be arrest - " " but Potter seem to have a lot to say on the subject , " say Snape , point suddenly at the back of the room , his black eye fix on Harry . " let us ask Potter how we would tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost . " the whole class look around at Harry , who hastily try to recall what Dumbledore have tell him the night that they have go to visit Slughorn . " er - well - ghost be transparent - " he say . " oh , very good , " interrupt Snape , his lip curling . " yes , it in easy to see that nearly six year of magical education have not be waste on you , Potter . ' ghost be transparent . ' " Pansy Parkinson let out a high-pitched giggle . several other people be smirk . Harry take a deep breath and continue calmly , though his inside be boil , " Yeah , ghost be transparent , but Inferi be dead body , be n't they ? so they will be solid - " " a five-year-old could have tell us as much , " sneer Snape . " the Inferius be a corpse that have be reanimate by a dark wizard 's spell . it be not alive , it be merely use like a puppet to do the wizard 's bidding . a ghost , as I trust that you be all aware by now , be the imprint of a departed soul leave upon the earth , and of course , as Potter so wisely tell us , transparent . " " well , what Harry say be the most useful if we be try to tell them apart ! " say Ron . " when we come face-to-face with one down a dark alley , we be go to be have a look to see if its solid , be n't we , we be not go to be ask , ' Excuse me , be you the imprint of a departed soul ? ' " there be a ripple of laughter , instantly quell by the look Snape give the class . " another ten point from Gryffindor , " say Snape . " I would expect nothing more sophisticated from you , Ronald Weasley , the boy so solid he can Apparate half an inch across a room . " " no ! " whisper Hermione , grab Harry arm as he open his mouth furiously . " there be no point , you will just end up in detention again , leave it ! " " now open your book to page two hundred and thirteen , " say Snape , smirk a little , " and read the first two paragraph on the Cruciatus Curse . " Ron be very subdue all through the class . when the bell sound at the end of the lesson , Lavender catch up with Ron and Harry ( Hermione mysteriously melt out of sight as she approach ) and abuse Snape hotly for his jibe about Ron 's apparition , but this seem to merely irritate Ron , and he shake her off by make a detour into the boy ' bathroom with Harry . " Snape 's right , though , be n't he ? " say Ron , after stare into a cracked mirror for a minute or two . " I dunno whether it be worth me take the test . I just ca n't get the hang of Apparition . " " you might as well do the extra practice session in Hogsmeade and see where they get you , " say Harry reasonably . " it will be more interesting than try to get into a stupid hoop anyway . then , if you be still not - you know - as good as you will like to be , you can postpone the test , do it with me over the summer - Myrtle , this be the boy ' bathroom ! " the ghost of a girl have rise out of the toilet in a cubicle behind them and be now float in midair , stare at them through thick , white , round glass . " oh , " she say glumly . " it be you two . " " who be you expecting ? " say Ron , look at her in the mirror . " nobody , " say Myrtle , pick moodily at a spot on her chin . " he say he will come back and see me , but then you say you will pop in and visit me too " - she give Harry a reproachful look - " and I have n't see you for month and month . I have learn not to expect too much from boy . " " I think you live in that girl ' bathroom ? " say Harry , who have be careful to give the place a wide berth for some year now . " I do , " she say , with a sulky little shrug , " but that do n't mean I ca n't visit other place . I come and see you in your bath once , remember ? " " vividly , " say Harry . " but I think he like me , " she say plaintively . " maybe if you two left , he will come back again . we have lot in common . I be sure he feel it . " and she look hopefully toward the door . " when you say you have lot in common , " say Ron , sound rather amuse now , " d'you mean he live in an S-bend too ? " " no , " say Myrtle defiantly , her voice echo loudly around the old tile bathroom . " I mean he be sensitive , people bully him too , and he feel lonely and have n't get anybody to talk to , and he be not afraid to show his feeling and cry ! " " there have be a boy in here cry ? " say Harry curiously . " a young boy ? " " never you mind ! " say Myrtle , her small , leaky eye fix on Ron , who be now definitely grin . " I promise I would n't tell anyone , and I will take his secret to the - " " - not the grave , surely ? " say Ron with a snort . " the sewer , maybe . " Myrtle give a howl of rage and dive back into the toilet , cause water to slop over the side and onto the floor . goad Myrtle seem to have put fresh heart into Ron . " you be right , " he say , swing his schoolbag back over his shoulder , " I will do the practice session in Hogsmeade before I decide about take the test . " and so the follow weekend , Ron join Hermione and the rest of the sixth year who would turn seventeen in time to take the test in a fortnight . Harry feel rather jealous watch them all get ready to go into the village ; he miss make trip there , and it be a particularly fine spring day , one of the first clear sky they have see in a long time . however , he have decide to use the time to attempt another assault on the Room of Requirement . " you will do good , " say Hermione , when he confide this plan to Ron and her in the entrance hall , " to go straight to Slughorn 's office and try and get that memory from him . " " I have be try ! " say Harry crossly , which be perfectly true . he have lag behind after every potion lesson that week in an attempt to corner Slughorn , but the potion master always leave the dungeon so fast that Harry have not be able to catch him . twice , Harry have go to his office and knock , but receive no reply , though on the second occasion he be sure he have hear the quickly stifle sound of an old gramophone . " he do n't want to talk to me , Hermione ! he can tell I have be try to get him on his own again , and he be not go to let it happen ! " " well , you have just get to keep at it , have n't you ? " the short queue of people wait to file past Filch , who be do his usual prod act with the Secrecy Sensor , move forward a few step and Harry do not answer in case he be overhear by the caretaker . he wish Ron and Hermione both luck , then turn and climb the marble staircase again , determine , whatever Hermione say , to devote an hour or two to the Room of Requirement . once out of sight of the entrance hall , Harry pull the Marauder 's Map and his Invisibility Cloak from his bag . have conceal himself , he tap the map , murmur , " I solemnly swear that I be up to no good , " and scan it carefully . as it be Sunday morning , nearly all the student be inside their various common room , the Gryffindors in one tower , the Ravenclaws in another , the Slytherins in the dungeon , and the Hufflepuffs in the basement near the kitchen . here and there a stray person meander around the library or up a corridor . there be a few people out in the ground , and there , alone in the seventh-floor corridor , be Gregory Goyle . there be no sign of the Room of Requirement , but Harry be not worry about that ; if Goyle be stand guard outside it , the room be open , whether the map be aware of it or not . he therefore sprint up the stair , slow down only when he reach the corner into the corridor , when he begin to creep , very slowly , toward the very same little girl , clutch her heavy brass scale , that Hermione have so kindly help a fortnight before . he wait until he be right behind her before bend very low and whisper , " hello … you be very pretty , be n't you ? " Goyle give a high-pitched scream of terror , throw the scale up into the air , and sprint away , vanish from sight long before the sound of the scale smashing have stop echo around the corri-dor . laughing , Harry turn to contemplate the blank wall behind which , he be sure , Draco Malfoy be now stand frozen , aware that someone unwelcome be out there , but not daring to make an appearance . it give Harry a most agreeable feeling of power as he try to remember what form of word he have not yet try . yet this hopeful mood do not last long . half an hour later , have try many more variation of his request to see what Malfoy be up to , the wall be just as doorless as ever . Harry feel frustrated beyond belief Malfoy might be just foot away from him , and there be still not the tiny shred of evidence as to what he be do in there . lose his patience completely , Harry run at the wall and kick it . " ouch ! " he think he might have break his toe ; as he clutch it and hop on one foot , the Invisibility Cloak slip off him . " Harry ? " he spin around , one-legged , and topple over . there , to his utter astonishment , be Tonks , walk toward him as though she frequently stroll up this corridor . " what be you do here ? " he say , scramble to his foot again ; why do she always have to find him lie on the floor ? " I come to see Dumbledore , " say Tonks . Harry think she look terrible : thin than usual , her mouse-colored hair lank . " his office be n't here , " say Harry , " it be round the other side of the castle , behind the gargoyle - " " I know , " say Tonks . " he be not there . apparently he be go away again . " " have he ? " say Harry , put his bruise foot gingerly back on the floor . " hey - you do n't know where he go , I suppose ? " " no , " say Tonks . " what do you want to see him about ? " " nothing in particular , " say Tonks , picking , apparently unconsciously , at the sleeve of her robe . " I just think he might know what be go on . I have hear rumor … people get hurt . " " yeah , I know , it have all be in the paper , " say Harry . " that little kid try to kill his - " " the Prophet be often behind the time , " say Tonks , who do n't seem to be listen to him . " you have n't have any letter from anyone in the order recently ? " " no one from the order write to me anymore , " say Harry , " not since Sirius - " he see that her eye have fill with tear . " I be sorry , " he mutter awkwardly . " I mean … I miss him , as well . " " what ? " say Tonks blankly , as though she have not hear him . " well … I will see you around , Harry … " and she turn abruptly and walk back down the corridor , leave Harry to stare after her . after a minute or so , he pull the Invisibility Cloak on again and resume his effort to get into the Room of Requirement , but his heart be not in it . finally , a hollow feeling in his stomach and the knowledge that Ron and Hermione would soon be back for lunch make him abandon the attempt and leave the corridor to Malfoy who , hopefully , would be too afraid to leave for some hour to come . he find Ron and Hermione in the Great Hall , already halfway through an early lunch . " I do it - well , kind of ! " Ron tell Harry enthusiastically when he catch sight of him . " I be suppose to be Apparating to outside Madam Puddifoots Tea Shop and I overshoot it a bit , end up near Scrivenshafts , but at least I move ! " " good one , " say Harry . " how will you do , Hermione ? " " oh , she be perfect , obviously , " say Ron , before Hermione could answer . " perfect deliberation , divination , and desperation or whatever the hell it be - we all go for a quick drink in the three Broomsticks after and you should have hear Twycross go on about her - I will be surprise if he do n't pop the question soon - " " and what about you ? " ask Hermione , ignore Ron . " have you be up at the Room of Requirement all this time ? " " Yep , " say Harry . " and guess who I run into up there ? tonk ! " " Tonks ? " repeat Ron and Hermione together , look surprise . " yeah , she say she will come to visit Dumbledore . " " if you ask me , " say Ron once Harry have finish describe his conversation with Tonks , " she be crack up a bit . lose her nerve after what happen at the Ministry . " " it be a bit odd , " say Hermione , who for some reason look very concerned . " she be suppose to be guard the school , why she suddenly abandon her post to come and see Dumbledore when he be not even here ? " " I have a thought , " say Harry tentatively . he feel strange about voice it ; this be much more Hermione 's territory than his . " you do n't think she can have be … you know … in love with Sirius ? " Hermione stare at him . " what on earth make you say that ? " " I dunno , " say Harry , shrug , " but she be nearly crying when I mention his name , and her Patronus be a big four-legged thing now . I wonder whether it have n't become … you know … him . " " it be a thought , " say Hermione slowly . " but I still do n't know why she will be burst into the castle to see Dumbledore , if that be really why she be here . " " go back to what I say , do n't it ? " say Ron , who be now shovel mash potato into his mouth . " she be go a bit funny . lose her nerve . woman , " he say wisely to Harry , " they be easily upset . " " and yet , " say Hermione , come out of her reverie , " I doubt you will find a woman who sulk for half an hour because Madam Rosmerta do n't laugh at their joke about the hag , the Healer , and the Mimbulus mimbletonia . " Ron scowl . chapter TWENTY-TWO after the Burial Patches of bright blue sky be begin to appear over the castle turret , but these sign of approach summer do not lift Harry 's mood . he have be thwart , both in his attempt to find out what Malfoy be do , and in his effort to start a conversation with Slughorn that might lead , somehow , to Slughorn hand-ing over the memory he have apparently suppress for decade . " for the last time , just forget about Malfoy , " Hermione tell Harry firmly . they be sit with Ron in a sunny corner of the courtyard after lunch . Hermione and Ron be both clutch a Ministry of Magic leaflet - Common Apparition Mistakes and how to Avoid Them - for they be take their test that very afternoon , but by and large the leaflet have not prove soothe to the nerve . Ron give a start and try to hide behind Hermione as a girl come around the corner . " it be n't Lavender , " say Hermione wearily . " oh , good , " say Ron , relax . " Harry Potter ? " say the girl . " I be ask to give you this . " " thank … " Harry 's heart sink as he take the small scroll of parchment . once the girl be out of earshot he say , " Dumbledore say we would n't be have any more lesson until I get the memory ! " " maybe he want to check on how you be do ? " suggest Hermione , as Harry unroll the parchment ; but rather than find Dumbledore 's long , narrow , slant write he see an untidy sprawl , very difficult to read due to the presence of large blotch on the parchment where the ink have run . Dear Harry , Ron and Hermione ! Aragog die last night . Harry and Ron , you meet him and you know how special he be . Hermione , I know you will have like him . it would mean a lot to me if you will nip down for the burial later this evening . I be plan on do it round dusk , that be his favorite time of day . I know you be not suppose to be out that late , but you can use the cloak . would n't ask , but I ca n't face it alone . Hagrid " look at this , " say Harry , hand the note to Hermione . " oh , for heaven 's sake , " she say , scan it quickly and pass it to Ron , who read it through look increasingly incredulous . " he be mental " he say furiously . " that thing tell its mate to eat Harry and me ! tell them to help themselves ! and now Hagrid expect us to go down there and cry over its horrible hairy body ! " " it be not just that , " say Hermione . " he be ask us to leave the castle at night and he know security be a million time tight and how much trouble we will be in if we be catch . " " we have be down to see him by night before , " say Harry . " yes , but for something like this ? " say Hermione . " we have risk a lot to help Hagrid out , but after all - Aragog 's dead . if it be a question of save him - " " - I will want to go even less , " say Ron firmly . " you do n't meet him , Hermione . believe me , being dead will have improve him a lot . " Harry take the note back and stare down at all the inky blotch all over it . tear have clearly fall thick and fast upon the parchment … " Harry , you ca n't be think of go , " say Hermione . " it be such a pointless thing to get detention for . " Harry sigh . " yeah , I know , " he say . " I s'pose Hagrid will have to bury Aragog without us . " " yes , he will , " say Hermione , look relieve . " look , potion will be almost empty this afternoon , with us all off do our test … try and soften Slughorn up a bit then ! " " Fifty-seventh time lucky , you think ? " say Harry bitterly . " lucky , " say Ron suddenly . " Harry , that be it - get lucky ! " " what d'you mean ? " " use your lucky potion ! " " Ron , that be - that be it ! " say Hermione , sound stun . " of course ! why do n't I think of it ? " Harry stare at them both . " Felix Felicis ? " he say . " I dunno … I be sort of save it … " " what for ? " demand Ron incredulously . " what on earth be more important than this memory , Harry ? " ask Hermione . Harry do not answer . the thought of that little golden bottle have hover on the edge of his imagination for some time ; vague and unformulated plan that involve Ginny split up with Dean , and Ron somehow be happy to see her with a new boyfriend , have be ferment in the depth of his brain , unacknowledged except during dream or the twilight time between sleep and wake … " Harry ? be you still with us ? " ask Hermione . " Wha - ? yeah , of course , " he say , pull himself together . " well … okay . if I ca n't get Slughorn to talk this afternoon , I will take some Felix and have another go this evening . " " that be decide , then , " say Hermione briskly , get to her foot and perform a graceful pirouette . " destination … determination … deliberation … " she murmur . " oh , stop that , " Ron beg her , " I feel sick enough as it be - quick , hide me ! " " it be n't Lavender ! " say Hermione impatiently , as another couple of girl appear in the courtyard and Ron dive behind her . " cool , " say Ron , peer over Hermiones shoulder to check . " Blimey , they do n't look happy , do they ? " " they be the Montgomery sister and of course they do n't look happy , do n't you hear what happen to their little brother ? " say Hermione . " I be lose track of what be happen to everyone 's relative , to be honest , " say Ron . " well , their brother be attack by a werewolf . the rumor be that their mother refuse to help the Death Eaters . anyway , the boy be only five and he die in St. Mungos , they could n't save him . " " he die ? " repeat Harry , shock . " but surely werewolf do n't kill , they just turn you into one of them ? " " they sometimes kill , " say Ron , who look unusually grave now . " I have hear of it happen when the werewolf get carry away . " " what be the werewolf 's name ? " say Harry quickly . " well , the rumor be that it be that Fenrir Greyback , " say Hermione . " I know it - the maniac who like attack kid , the one Lupin tell me about ! " say Harry angrily . Hermione look at him bleakly . " Harry , you have get to get that memory , " she say . " it be all about stop Voldemort , be n't it ? these dreadful thing that be happen be all down to him … " the bell ring overhead in the castle and both Hermione and Ron jump to their foot , look terrify . " you will do fine , " Harry tell them both , as they head toward the entrance hall to meet the rest of the people take their apparition test . " good luck . " " and you too ! " say Hermione with a significant look , as Harry head off to the dungeon . there be only three of them in potion that afternoon : Harry , Ernie , and Draco Malfoy . " all too young to Apparate just yet ? " say Slughorh genially , " not turn seventeen yet ? " they shake their head . " ah well , " say Slughorn cheerily , " as we be so few , we will do something for fun . I want you all to brew me up something amusing ! " " that sound good , sir , " say Ernie sycophantically , rub his hand together . Malfoy , on the other hand , do not crack a smile . " what do you mean , ' something amusing ' ? " he say irritably . " oh , surprise me , " say Slughorn airily . Malfoy open his copy of Advanced Potion-Making with a sulky expression . it could not have be plain that he think this lesson be a waste of time . undoubtedly , Harry think , watch him over the top of his own book , Malfoy be begrudge the time he could otherwise be spend in the Room of Requirement . be it his imagination , or do Malfoy , like Tonks , look thin ! certainly he look pale ; his skin still have that grayish tinge , probably because he so rarely see daylight these day . but there be no air of smugness , excitement , or superiority ; none of the swagger that he have have on the Hogwarts Express , when he have boast openly of the mission he have be give by Voldemort … there could be only one conclusion , in Harry 's opinion : the mission , whatever it be , be go badly . cheer by this thought , Harry skim through his copy of Advanced Potion-Making and find a heavily correct Half-Blood Prince 's version of " an Elixir to Induce Euphoria , " which seem not only to meet Slughorn 's instruction , but which might ( Harry 's heart leap as the thought strike him ) put Slughorn into such a good mood that he would be prepare to hand over that memory if Harry could persuade him to taste some … " well , now , this look absolutely wonderful , " say Slughorn an hour and a half later , clap his hand together as he stare down into the sunshine yellow content of Harry 's cauldron . " euphoria , I take it ? and what be that I smell ? Mmmm … you have add just a sprig of peppermint , have n't you ? unorthodox , but what a stroke of inspiration , Harry , of course , that would tend to counterbalance the occasional side effect of excessive singing and nosetweaking … I really do n't know where you get these brain wave , my boy … unless - " Harry push the Half-Blood Prince 's book deeper into his bag with his foot . " - it be just your mother 's gene come out in you ! " " oh … yeah , maybe , " say Harry , relieve . Ernie be look rather grumpy ; determine to outshine Harry for once , he have most rashly invent his own potion , which have curdle and form a kind of purple dumpling at the bottom of his cauldron . Malfoy be already pack up , sour-faced ; Slughorn have pronounce his Hiccuping Solution merely " passable . " the bell ring and both Ernie and Malfoy leave at once . " Sir , " Harry begin , but Slughorn immediately glance over his shoulder ; when he see that the room be empty but for himself and Harry , he hurry away as fast as he could . " professor - Professor , do n't you want to taste my po - ? " call Harry desperately . but Slughorn have go . disappoint , Harry empty the caul-dron , pack up his thing , leave the dungeon , and walk slowly back upstairs to the common room . Ron and Hermione return in the late afternoon . " Harry ! " cry Hermione as she climb through the portrait hole . " Harry , I pass ! " " well do ! " he say . " and Ron ? " " he - he just fail , " whisper Hermione , as Ron come slouch into the room look most morose . " it be really unlucky , a tiny thing , the examiner just spot that he have leave half an eyebrow behind … how do it go with Slughorn ? " " no joy , " say Harry , as Ron join them . " bad luck , mate , but you will pass next time - we can take it together . " " yeah , I s'pose , " say Ron grumpily . " but half an eyebrow - like that matter ! " " I know , " say Hermione soothingly , " it do seem really harsh … " they spend most of their dinner roundly abuse the apparition examiner , and Ron look fractionally more cheerful by the time they set off back to the common room , now discuss the continue problem of Slughorn and the memory . " so , Harry - you go to use the Felix Felicis or what ? " Ron demand . " yeah , I s'pose I have good , " say Harry . " I do n't reckon I will need all of it , not twenty-four hour ' worth , it ca n't take all night … I will just take a mouthful . two or three hour should do it . " " it be a great feeling when you take it , " say Ron reminiscently . " like you ca n't do anything wrong . " " what be you talk about ? " say Hermione , laugh . " you have never take any ! " " yeah , but I think I have , do n't I ? " say Ron , as though ex-plaining the obvious . " same difference really … " as they have only just see Slughorn enter the Great Hall and know that he like to take time over meal , they linger for a while in the common room , the plan be that Harry should go to Slughorn S office once the teacher have have time to get back there . when the sun have sink to the level of the treetop in the Forbidden Forest , they decide the moment have come , and after check-ing carefully that Neville , Dean , and Seamus be all in the common room , sneak up to the boy ' dormitory . Harry take out the rolled-up sock at the bottom of his trunk and extract the tiny , gleam bottle . " well , here go , " say Harry , and he raise the little bottle and look a carefully measure gulp . " what do it feel like ? " whisper Hermione . Harry do not answer for a moment . then , slowly but surely , an exhilarate sense of infinite opportunity steal through him ; he feel as though he could have do anything , anything at all … and get the memory from Slughorn seem suddenly not only pos-sible , but positively easy … he get to his foot , smile , brim with confidence . " excellent , " he say . " really excellent . right … I be go down to Hagrid 's . " " what ? " say Ron and Hermione together , look aghast . " no , Harry - you have get to go and see Slughorn , remember ? " say Hermione . " no , " say Harry confidently . " I be go to Hagrid 's , I have get a good feeling about go to Hagrid 's . " " you have get a good feeling about bury a giant spider ? " ask Ron , look stun . " yeah , " say Harry , pull his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag . " I feel like it be the place to be tonight , you know what I mean ? " " no , " say Ron and Hermione together , both look positively alarm now . " this be Felix Felicis , I suppose ? " say Hermione anxiously , hold up the bottle to the light . " you have n't get another little bottle full of - I do n't know - " " Essence of Insanity ? " suggest Ron , as Harry swing his cloak over his shoulder . Harry laugh , and Ron and Hermione look even more alarmed . " trust me , " he say . " I know what I be do … or at least " he stroll confidently to the door - " Felix do . " he pull the Invisibility Cloak over his head and set off down the stair , Ron and Hermione hurry along behind him . at the foot of the stair , Harry slide through the open door . " what be you do up there with her " shriek Lavender Brown , stare right through Harry at Ron and Hermione emerge together from the boy ' dormitory . Harry hear Ron splutter behind him as he dart across the room away from them . get through the portrait hole be simple ; as he approach it , Ginny and Dean come through it , and Harry be able to slip between them . as he do so , he brush accidentally against Ginny . " do n't push me , please , Dean , " she say , sound annoyed . " you be always do that , I can get through perfectly well on my own … " the portrait swing close behind Harry , but not before he have hear Dean make an angry retort … his feeling of elation increase , Harry stride off through the castle . he do not have to creep along , for he meet nobody on his way , but this do not surprise him in the slight . this evening , he be the lucky person at Hogwarts . why he know that go to Hagrid 's be the right thing to do , he have no idea . it be as though the potion be illuminate a few step of the path at a time . he could not see the final destination , he could not see where Slughorn come in , but he know that he be go the right way to get that memory . when he reach the entrance hall he see that Filch have forget to lock the front door . beaming , Harry throw it open and breathe in the smell of clean air and grass for a moment before walk down the step into the dusk . it be when he reach the bottom step that it occur to him how very pleasant it would be to pass the vegetable patch on his walk to Hagrid 's . it be not strictly on the way , but it seem clear to Harry that this be a whim on which he should act , so he direct his foot immediately toward the vegetable patch , where he be please , but not altogether surprise , to find Professor Slughorn in conversation with Professor Sprout . Harry lurk behind a low stone wall , feel at peace with the world and listen to their conversation . " I do thank you for take the time , Pomona , " Slughorn be say courteously , " most authority agree that they be at their most efficacious if pick at twilight . " " oh , I quite agree , " say Professor Sprout warmly . " that enough for you ? " " plenty , plenty , " say Slughorn , who , Harry see , be carry an armful of leafy plant . " this should allow for a few leaf for each of my third year , and some to spare if anybody overstews them … well , good evening to you , and many thanks again ! " Professor Sprout head off into the gathering darkness in the direction of her greenhouse , and Slughorn direct his step to the spot where Harry stand , invisible . seize with an immediate desire to reveal himself , Harry pullet I off the cloak with a flourish . " good evening , Professor . " " Merlin 's beard , Harry , you make me jump , " say Slughotn , stop dead in his track and look wary . " how do you get out of the castle ? " " I think Filch must have forget to lock the door , " say Harry cheerfully , and be delight to see Slughorn scowl . " I will be report that man , he be more concern about litter than proper security if you ask me … but why be you out then , Harry ? " " well , sir , it be Hagrid , " say Harry , who know that the right thing to do just now be to tell the truth . " he be pretty upset … but you wo n't tell anyone , Professor ? I do n't want trouble for him … " Slughorn 's curiosity be evidently arouse . " well , I ca n't promise that , " he say gruffly . " but I know that Dumbledore trust Hagrid to the hilt , so I be sure he ca n't be up to anything very dreadful … " " well , it be this giant spider , he have have it for year … it live in the forest … it could talk and everything - " " I hear rumor there be acromantulas in the forest , " say Slughorn softly , look over at the mass of black tree . " it be true , then ? " " yes , " say Harry . " but this one , Aragog , the first one Hagrid ever get , it die last night . he be devastated . he want company while he bury it and I say I will go . " " touching , touching , " say Slughorn absentmindedly , his large droopy eye fix upon the distant light of Hagrid 's cabin . " but acromantula venom be very valuable … if the beast only just die it might not yet have dry out … of course , I would n't want to do anything insensitive if Hagrid be upset … but if there be any way to procure some … I mean , it be almost impossible to get venom from an acromantula while it be alive … " Slughorn seem to be talk more to himself than Harry now . " … seem an awful waste not to collect it … might get a hundred Galleons a pint … to be frank , my salary be not large … " and now Harry see clearly what be to be do . " well , " he say , with a most convincing hesitancy , " well , if you want to come , Professor , Hagrid would probably be really pleased … give Aragog a good send-off , you know … " " Yes , of course , " say Slughorn , his eye now gleam with en-thusiasm . " I tell you what , Harry , I will meet you down there with a bottle or two … we will drink the poor beast be - well - not health - but we will send it off in style , anyway , once it be bury . and I will change my tie , this one be a little exuberant for the occasion … " he bustle back into the castle , and Harry speed off to Hagrid 's , delight with himself . " Yeh come , " croak Hagrid , when he open the door and see Harry emerge from the Invisibility Cloak in front of him . " yeah - Ron and Hermione could n't , though , " say Harry . " they be really sorry . " " Don - don matter … Hed have bin touch yeh be here , though , Harry … " Hagrid give a great sob . he have make himself a black armband out of what look like a rag dip in boot polish , and his eye be puffy , red , and swollen . Harry pat him consolingly on the elbow , which be the high point of Hagrid he could easily reach . " where be we bury him ? " he ask . " the forest ? " " Blimey , no , " say Hagrid , wipe his stream eye on the bot-tom of his shirt . " the other spider win ' let me anywhere near their web now Aragog be go . turn out it be only on his order they didn ' eat me ! can yeh believe that , Harry ? " the honest answer be " yes " ; Harry recall with painful ease the scene when he and Ron have come face-to-face with the aero-mantulas . they have be quite clear that Aragog be the only thing that stop them from eat Hagrid . " never bin an area o ' the forest I couldn ' go before ! " say Hagrid , shake his head . " it wasn ' easy , gettin ' Aragog 's body out o ' there , I can tell yeh - they usually eat their dead , see … but I want ter give ' im a nice burial … a proper send-off … " he break into sob again and Harry resume the pat of his elbow , say as he do so ( for the potion seem to indicate that it be the right thing to do ) , " Professor Slughorn meet me come down here , Hagrid . " " not in trouble , be yeh ? " say Hagrid , look up , alarm . " Yeh shouldn ' be outta the castle in the evenin ' , I know it , it be my fault - " " no , no , when he hear what I be do he say he will like to come and pay his last respect to Aragog too , " say Harry . " he be go to change into something more suitable , I think … and he say he will bring some bottle so we can drink to Aragog 's memory … " " do he ? " say Hagrid , look both astonish and touch . " tha 's - tha 's righ ' nice of him , that be , an ' not turnin ' yeh in either . I have never really have a lot ter do with Horace Slughorn before … Comin ' ter see old Aragog off , though , eh ? well … he will have like that , Aragog would … " Harry think privately that what Aragog would have like most about Slughorn be the ample amount of edible flesh he provide , but he merely move to the rear window of Hagrid 's hut , where he see the rather horrible sight of the enormous dead spider lie on its back outside , its leg curl and tangle . " be we go to bury him here , Hagrid , in your garden ? " " jus ' beyond the pumpkin patch , I think , " say Hagrid in a choke voice . " I have already dug the - yeh know - grave . jus ' think we will say a few nice thing over him - happy memory , yeh know - " his voice quiver and break . there be a knock on the door , and he turn to answer it , blow his nose on his great spotted handkerchief as he do so . Slughorn hurry over the threshold , several bottle in his arm , and wear a somber black cravat . " Hagrid , " he say , in a deep , grave voice . " so very sorry to hear of your loss . " " tha be very nice of Yeh , " say Hagrid . " thanks a lot . an ' thanks fer not givin Harry detention neither … " " Would n't have dream of it , " say Slughorn . " sad night , sad night … where be the poor creature ? " " out here , " say Hagrid in a shake voice . " shall we - shall we do it , then ? " the three of them step out into the back garden . the moon be glisten palely through the tree now , and its ray mingle with the light spill from Hagrid 's window to illuminate Aragogs body lie on the edge of a massive pit beside a ten-foot- high mound of freshly dug earth . " magnificent , " say Slughorn , approach the spider head , where eight milky eye stare blankly at the sky and two huge , curve pincers shine , motionless , in the moonlight . Harry thougln he hear the tinkle of bottle as Slughorn bent over the pincers , apparently examine the enormous hairy head . " its not ev'ryone appreciate how beau'iful they be ' say H grid to Slughorn 's back , tear leak from the corner of his crinkle eye . " I didn ' know Yeh be interested in creature like Aragog , Horace . " " interested ? my dear Hagrid , I revere them , " say Slughorn , step back from the body . Harry see the glint of a bottle disappear beneath his cloak , though Hagrid , mop his eye once more , noticed nothing . " now … shall we proceed to the burial ? " Hagrid nod and move forward . he heave the gigantic spider into his arm and , with an enormous grunt , roll it into the dark pit . it hit the bottom with a rather horrible , crunchy thud . Hagrid start to cry again . " of course , it be difficult for you , who know him well , " say Slughorn , who like Harry could reach no high than Hagrid 's elbow , but pat it all the same . " why do n't I say a few word ? " he must have get a lot of good quality venom from Aragog , Harry think , for Slughorn wear a satisfied smirk as he step up to the rim of the pit and say , in a slow , impressive voice , " Farewell , Aragog , king of arachnid , whose long and faithful friendship those who know you wo n't forget ! though your body will decay , your spirit linger on in the quiet , web-spun place of your forest home . may your many-eyed descendant ever flourish and your human friend find solace for the loss they have sustain . " " tha be … tha be … beau'iful ! " howl Hagrid , and he collapse onto the compost heap , cry hard than ever . " there , there , " say Slughorn , wave his wand so that the huge pile of earth rise up and then fall , with a muffle sort of crash , onto the dead spider , form a smooth mound . " let get inside and have a drink . get on his other side , Harry … that be it … up you come , Hagrid … well do … " they deposit Hagrid in a chair at the table . Fang , who have be skulk in his basket during the burial , now come pad softly across to them and put his heavy head into Harry 's lap as usual . Slughorn uncork one of the bottle of wine he have bring . " I have have it all test for poison , " he assure Harry , pour most of the first bottle into one of Hagrid 's bucket-sized mug and hand it to Hagrid . " have a house-elf taste every bottle after what happen to your poor friend Rupert . " Harry see , in his mind 's eye , the expression on Hermione 's face if she ever hear about this abuse of houseelves , and decide never to mention it to her . " one for Harry … " say Slughorn , divide a second bottle between two mug , " … and one for me . well " - he raise his mug high - " to Aragog . " " Aragog , " say Harry and Hagrid together . both Slughorn and Hagrid drink deeply . Harry , however , with the way ahead illuminate for him by Felix Felicis , know that he must not drink , so he merely pretend to take a gulp and then set the mug back on the table before him . " I have him from an egg , yeh know , " say Hagrid morosely . " ' tiny little thing he be when he hatch . ' Bout the size of a Pekingese " " Sweet , " say Slughorn . " use ter keep him in a cupboard up at the school until … well … " Hagrid 's face darken and Harry know why : Tom Riddle have contrive to have Hagrid throw out of school , blame for open the Chamber of Secrets . Slughorn , however , do not seem to be listen ; he be look up at the ceiling , from which a number of brass pot hang , and also a long , silky skein of bright white hair . " that be not unicorn hair , Hagrid ? " " oh , yeah , " say Hagrid indifferently . " get pull out of their tail , they catch it on branch an ' stuff in the forest , yeh know … " " but my dear chap , do you know how much that be worth ? " " I use it fer bindin ' on bandage an ' stuff if a creature get in jured , " say Hagrid , shrug . " it be dead useful … very strong . " Slughorn take another deep draught from his mug , his eye move carefully around the cabin now , look , Harry know , for more treasure that he might be able to convert into a plentiful suply of oak-matured mead , crystalize pineapple , and velvet smoking jacket . he refill Hagrid 's mug and his own , and question him about the creature that live in the forest these day and how Hagrid be able to look after them all . Hagrid , become expan-sive under the influence of the drink and Slughorn 's flatter interest , stop mop his eye and enter happily into a long explanation of bowtruckle husbandry . the Felix Felicis give Harry a little nudge at this point , and he notice that the supply of drink that Slughorn have bring be run out fast . Harry have not yet manage to bring off the Refilling Charm without say the incantation aloud , but the idea that he might not be able to do it tonight be laughable : indeed , Harry grin to himself as , unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slughorn ( now swap tale of the illegal trade in dragon egg ) he point his wand under the able at the empty bottle and they immediately begin to refill . after an hour or so , Hagrid and Slughorn begin make extravagant toast : to Hogwarts , to Dumbledore , to elf-made wine , and to - " Harry Potter ! " bellow Hagrid , slop some of his fourteenth bucket of wine down his chin as he drain it . " yes , indeed , " cry Slughorn a little thickly , " Parry Otter , the Chosen Boy who - well - something of that sort , " he mumble , and drain his mug too . not long after this , Hagrid become tearful again and press the whole unicorn tail upon Slughorn , who pocket it with cry of , " to friendship ! to generosity ! to ten Galleons a hair ! " and for a while after that , Hagrid and Slughorn be sit side by side , arm around each other , sing a slow sad song about a die wizard call Odo . " Aaargh , the good die young , " mutter Hagrid , slump low onto the table , a little cross-eyed , while Slughorn continue to war-ble the refrain . " me dad be no age ter go … nor be yer mum ' an ' dad , Harry … " great fat tear ooze out of the corner of Hagrid 's crinkle eye again ; he grasp Harry 's arm and shake it " Bes ' wiz and witchard o ' their age … I never know … terrible thing … terrible thing … " and Odo the hero , they bear him back home to the place that he have know as a lad , sing Slughorn plaintively . they lay him to rest with his hat inside out . and his wand snap in two , which be sad . " … terrible , " Hagrid grunt , and his great shaggy head roll sideways onto his arm and he fall asleep , snore deeply . " sorry , " say Slughorn with a hiccup . " can n't carry a tune to save my life . " " Hagrid be n't talk about your singing , " say Harry quietly . " he be talk about my mum and dad die . " " oh , " say Slughorn , repress a large belch . " oh dear . yes , that be - be terrible indeed . terrible … terrible … " he look quite at a loss for what to say , and resort to refill their mug . " I do n't - do n't suppose you remember it , Harry ? " he ask awkwardly . " no - well , I be only one when they die , " say Harry , his eye on the flame of the candle flicker in Hagrid 's heavy snore . " but I have find out pretty much what happen since . my dad die first . do you know that ? " " I - I do n't , " say Slughorn in a hush voice . " yeah … Voldemort murder him and then step over his body toward my mum , " say Harry . Slughorn give a great shudder , but he do not seem able to tear his horrify gaze away from Harry 's face . " he tell her to get out of the way , " say Harry remorselessly . " he tell me she need n't have die . he only want me . she could have run . " " oh dear , " breathe Slughorn . " she could have … she need n't … that be awful … " " it be , be n't it ? " say Harry , in a voice barely more than a whisper . " but she do n't move . Dad be already dead , but she do n't want me to go too . she try to plead with Voldemort … but he just laugh … " " that be enough ! " say Slughorn suddenly , raise a shake hand . " really , my dear boy , enough … I be an old man … I do n't need to hear … I do n't want to hear … " " I forget , " lie Harry , Felix Felicis lead him on . " you like her , do n't you ? " " like her ? " say Slughorn , his eye brim with tear once more . " I do n't imagine anyone who meet her would n't have like her … Very brave … Very funny … it be the most horrible thing … " " but you wo n't help her son , " say Harry . " she give me her life , but you wo n't give me a memory . " Hagrid 's rumble snore fill the cabin . Harry look steadily into Slughorn 's tear-filled eye . the potion master seem unable to look away . " do n't say that , " he whisper . " it be n't a question … if it be to help you , of course … but no purpose can be serve … " " it can , " say Harry clearly . " Dumbledore need information . I need information . " he know he be safe : Felix be tell him that Slughorn would remember nothing of this in the morning . look Slughorn straight in the eye , Harry lean forward a little . " I be the Chosen one . I have to kill him . I need that memory . " Slughorn turn pale than ever ; his shiny forehead gleam with sweat . " you be the Chosen one ? " " of course I be , " say Harry calmly . " but then … my dear boy … you be ask a great deal … you be ask me , in fact , to aid you in your attempt to destroy - " " you do n't want to get rid of the wizard who kill Lily Evans ? ' " " Harry , Harry , of course I do , but - " " you be scared he will find out you help me ? " Slughorn say nothing ; he look terrify . " be brave like my mother , Professor … " Slughorn raise a pudgy hand and press his shake finger to his mouth ; he look for a moment like an enormously overgrow baby . " I be not proud … " he whisper through his finger . " I be ashamed of what - of what that memory show … I think I may have do great damage that day … " " you will cancel out anything you do by give me the memory , " say Harry . " it would be a very brave and noble thing to do . " Hagrid twitch in his sleep and snore on . Slughorn and Harry stare at each other over the guttering candle . there be a long , long silence , but Felix Felicis tell Harry not to break it , to wait . then , very slowly , Slughorn put his hand in his pocket and pull out his wand . he put his other hand inside his cloak and take out a small , empty bottle . still look into Harry 's eye , Slughorn touch the tip of his wand to his temple and withdraw it , so that a long , silver thread of memory come away too , cling to the wand tip . longer and longer the memory stretch until it break and swing , silvery bright , from the wand . Slughorn lower it into the bottle where it coil , then spread , swirl like gas . he cork the bottle with a tremble hand and then pass it across the table to Harry . " thank you very much , Professor . " " you be a good boy , " say Professor Slughorn , tear trickle down his fat cheek into his walrus mustache . " and you have get her eye … just do n't think too badly of me once you have see it … " and he too put his head on his arm , give a deep sigh , and fall asleep . chapter TWENTY-THREE Horcruxes Harry could feel the Felix Felicis wear off as he creeped back into the castle . the front door have remain unlock for him , but on the third floor he meet Peeves and only narrowly avoid detection by dive sideways through one of his shortcut . by the time he get up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and pull off his Invisibility Cloak , he be not surprise to find her in a most unhelpful mood . " what sort of time do you call this ? " " I be really sorry - I have to go out for something important - " " well , the password change at midnight , so you will just have to sleep in the corridor , wo n't you ? " " you be joke ! " say Harry . " why do it have to change at midnight ? " " that be the way it be , " say the Fat Lady . " if you be angry , go and take it up with the headmaster , he be the one who be tighten security . " " fantastic , " say Harry bitterly , look around at the hard floor . " really brilliant . yeah , I would go and take it up with Dumbledore if he be here , because he be the one who want me to - " " he be here , " say a voice behind Harry . " Professor Dumbledore return to the school an hour ago . " nearly Headless Nick be glide toward Harry , his head wobble as usual upon his ruff . " I have it from the Bloody Baron , who see him arrive , " say Nick . " he appear , accord to the Baron , to be in good spirit , though a little tired , of course . " " where be he ? " say Harry , his heart leap , " " oh , groan and clank up on the Astronomy Tower , it be a , favorite pastime of his - " " not the Bloody Baron - Dumbledore ! " " oh - in his office , " say Nick . " I believe , from what the Baron say , that he have business to attend to before turn in - " " Yeah , he have , " say Harry , excitement blaze in his chest at the prospect of tell Dumbledore he have secure the memory . he wheel about and sprint off again , ignore the Fat Lady who be call after him . " come back ! all right , I lie ! I be annoyed you wake me up ! the password 's still ' tapeworm ' ! " but Harry be already hurtle back along the corridor and within minute , he be say " toffee eclairs " to Dumbledore 's gargoyle , which leap aside , permit Harry entrance onto the spiral staircase . " enter , " say Dumbledore when Harry knock . he sound exhaust . Harry push open the door . there be Dumbledore 's office , look the same as ever , but with black , star-strewn sky beyond the window . " good gracious , Harry , " say Dumbledore in surprise . " to what do I owe this very late pleasure ? " " Sir - I have get it . I have get the memory from Slughorn . " Harry pull out the tiny glass bottle and show it to Dumbledore . for a moment or two , the headmaster look stun . then his face split in a wide smile . " Harry , this be spectacular news ! very well do indeed ! I know you could do it ! " all thought of the lateness of the hour apparently forget , he hurry around his desk , take the bottle with Slughorn 's memory in his uninjured hand , and stride over to the cabinet where he kepi the Pensieve . " and now , " say Dumbledore , place the stone basin upon the desk and empty the content of the bottle into it . " now , at last , we shall see . Harry , quickly … " Harry bow obediently over the Pensieve and feel his foot leave the office floor … once again he fall through darkness and land in Horace Slughorn 's office many year before . there be the much young Slughorn , with his thick , shiny , straw-colored hair and his gingery-blond mustache , sit again in the comfortable wing armchair in his office , his foot rest upon a velvet pouffe , a small glass of wine in one hand , the other rummage in a box of crystallize pineapple . and there be the half dozen teenage boy sit around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them , Marvolo 's gold-and-black ring gleam on his finger . Dumbledore land beside Harry just as Riddle ask , " Sir be it true that Professor Merrythought be retire ? " " Tom , Tom , if I know I could n't tell you , " say Slughorn , wag his finger reprovingly at Riddle , though wink at the same time . " I must say , I will like to know where you get your information , boy , more knowledgeable than half the staff , you be . " Riddle smile ; the other boy laugh and cast him admire look . " what with your uncanny ability to know thing you should n't , and your careful flattery of the people who matter - thank you for the pineapple , by the way , you be quite right , it be my favorite - " several of the boy titter again . " - I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of Magic within twenty year . fifteen , if you keep send me pineapple , I have excellent contact at the Ministry . " Tom Riddle merely smile as the other laugh again . Harry notice that he be by no mean the eldest of the group of boy , but that they all seem to look to him as their leader . " I do n't know that politics would suit me , sir , " he say when the laughter have die away . " I do n't have the right kind of background , for one thing . " a couple of the boy around him smirk at each other . Harry be sure they be enjoy a private joke , undoubtedly about what they know , or suspect , regard their gang leader 's famous ancestor . " nonsense , " say Slughorn briskly , " could n't be plain you come from decent Wizarding stock , ability like yours . no , you will go far , Tom , I have never be wrong about a student yet . " the small golden clock standing upon Slughorn 's desk chime eleven o'clock behind him and he look around . " good gracious , be it that time already ? you will well get go boy , or we will all be in trouble . Lestrange , I want your essay by in morrow or it 's detention . same go for you , Avery . " one by one , the boy file out of the room . Slughorn heave himself out of his armchair and carry his empty glass over to his desk . a movement behind him make him look around ; Riddle be still stand there . " look sharp , Tom , you do n't want to be catch out of bed out of hour , and you a prefect … " " Sir , I want to ask you something . " " ask away , then , m'boy , ask away … " " Sir , I wonder what you know about … about Horcruxes ? ' Slughorn stare at him , his thick ringer absentmindedly claw the stem of his wine glass . " project for Defense against the Dark Arts , be it ? " but Harry could tell that Slughorn know perfectly well that this be not schoolwork . " not exactly , sir , " say Riddle . " I come across the term while reading and I do n't fully understand it . " " no … well … you will be hard-pushed to find a book at Hogwarts that will give you detail on Horcruxes , Tom , that be very dark stuff , very dark indeed , " say Slughorn . " but you obviously know all about them , sir ? I mean , a wizard like you - sorry , I mean , if you ca n't tell me , obviously - I just know if anyone could tell me , you could—so I just think I will - " it be very well do , think Harry , the hesitancy , the casual tone , the careful flattery , none of it overdo . he , Harry , have have too much experience of try to wheedle information out of reluctant people not to recognize a master at work . he could tell that Riddle want the information very , very much ; perhaps have be work toward this moment for week . " well , " say Slughorn , not look at Riddle , but fiddle with the ribbon on top of his box of crystallize pineapple , " well , it ca n't hurt to give you an overview , of course . just so that you understand the term . a Horcrux be the word use for an object in which a person have conceal part of their soul . " " I do n't quite understand how that work , though , sir , " say Riddle . his voice be carefully control , but Harry could sense his excitement . " well , you split your soul , you see , " say Slughorn , " and hide part of it in an object outside the body . then , even if one 's body be attack or destroy , one can die , for part of the soul remain earthbound and undamaged . but of course , existence in such a form … " Slughorn 's face crumple and Harry find himself remember word he have hear nearly two year before : " I be rip from my body , I be less than spirit , less than the mean ghost … but still , I be alive . " " … few would want it , Tom , very few . death would be preferable . " but Riddle 's hunger be now apparent ; his expression be greedy , he could no longer hide his longing . " how do you split your soul ? " " well , " say Slughorn uncomfortably , " you must understand that the soul be suppose to remain intact and whole . split it be an act of violation , it be against nature . " " but how do you do it ? " " by an act of evil - the supreme act of evil . by commiting murder . kill rip the soul apart . the wizard intent upon create a Horcrux would use the damage to his advantage : he would encase the torn portion - " " Encase ? but how - ? " " there be a spell , do not ask me , I do n't know ! " say Slughoin shake his head like an old elephant bother by mosquito . " do I look as though I have try it - do I look like a killer ? " " no , sir , of course not , " say Riddle quickly . " I be sorry … I do n't mean to offend … " " not at all , not at all , not offend , " say Slughorn gruffly , " it be natural to feel some curiosity about these thing … wizard of a certain caliber have always be draw to that aspect of magic … " " Yes , sir , " say Riddle . " what I do n't understand , though - just out of curiosity - I mean , would one Horcrux be much use ? can you only split your soul once ? would n't it be well , make you strong , to have your soul in more piece , I mean , for instance , be n't seven the most powerfully magical number , would n't seven - ? " " Merlin 's beard , Tom ! " yelp Slughorn . " Seven ! be n't it bad enough to think of kill one person ? and in any case … bad enough to divide the soul … but to rip it into seven piece … " Slughorn look deeply troubled now : he be gaze at Riddle as though he have never see him plainly before , and Harry could tell that he be regret enter into the conversation at all . " of course , " he mutter , " this be all hypothetical , what we be discuss , be n't it ? all academic … " " Yes , sir , of course , " say Riddle quickly . " but all the same , Tom … keep it quiet , what I have tell - that be to say , what we have discuss . people would n't like to think we have be chat about Horcruxes . it be a ban subject at Hogwarts , you know … Dumbledore 's particularly fierce about it … " " I wo n't say a word , sir , " say Riddle , and he leave , but not before Harry have glimpse his face , which be full of that same wild happiness it have wear when he have first find out that he be a wizard , the sort of happiness that do not enhance his handsome feature , but make them , somehow , less human … " thank you , Harry , " say Dumbledore quietly . " let us go … " when Harry land back on the office floor Dumbledore be ; already sit down behind his desk . Harry sit too and wait for Dumbledore to speak . " I have be hope for this piece of evidence for a very long time , " say Dumbledore at last . " it confirm the theory on which I have be work , it tell me that I be right , and also how very far there be still to go … " Harry suddenly notice that every single one of the old headmaster and headmistress in the portrait around the wall be awake and listen in on their conversation . a corpulent , red nose wizard have actually take out an ear trumpet . " well , Harry , " say Dumbledore , " I be sure you understand the significance of what we just hear . at the same age as you be now , give or take a few month , Tom Riddle be do all he could to find out how to make himself immortal . " " you think he succeed then , sir ? " ask Harry . " he make a Horcrux ? and that be why he do n't die when he attack me ? he have a Horcrux hide somewhere ? a bit of his soul be safe ? " " a bit … or more , " say Dumbledore . " you hear Voldemort , what he particularly want from Horace be an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who create more than one Horcrux , what would happen to the wizard so determine to evade death that he would be prepare to murder many time , rip his soul repeatedly , so as to store it in many , separately conceal Horcrux . no book would have give him that information . as far as I know - as far , I be sure , as Voldemort know - no wizard have ever do more than tear his soul in two . " Dumbledore pause for a moment , marshal his thought , and then say , " four year ago , I receive what I consider certain proof that Voldemort have split his soul . " " where ? " ask Harry . " how ? " " you hand it to me , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " the diary , Riddles diary , the one give instruction on how to reopen the Chamber of Secrets . " " I do n't understand , sir , " say Harry . " well , although I do not see the Riddle who come out of the diary , what you describe to me be a phenomenon I have never witness . a mere memory start to act and think for itself ? a mere memory , sap the life out of the girl into whose hand it have fall ? no , something much more sinister have live inside that book … a fragment of soul , I be almost sure of it . the diary have be a Horcrux . but this raise as many question as it answer . what intrigue and alarm me most be that that diary have be intend as a weapon as much as a safeguard . " " I still do n't understand , " say Harry . " well , it work as a Horcrux be suppose to work - in other word , the fragment of soul conceal inside it be keep safe and have undoubtedly play its part in prevent the death of its owner . but there could be no doubt that Riddle really want that diary read , want the piece of his soul to inhabit or possess somebody else , so that Slytherin 's monster would be unleash again . " " well , he do n't want his hard work to be waste , " say Harry . " he want people to know he be Slytherin 's heir , because he could n't take credit at the time . " " quite correct , " say Dumbledore , nod . " but do n't you see , Harry , that if he intend the diary to be pass to , or plant on , some future Hogwarts student , he be be remarkably blase about that precious fragment of his soul conceal within it . the point of a Horcrux be , as Professor Slughorn explain , to keep part of the self hidden and safe , not to fling it into somebody else 's path and run the risk that they might destroy it - as indeed happen : that particular fragment of soul be no more ; you see to that . " the careless way in which Voldemort regard this Horcrux seem most ominous to me . it suggest that he must have make - or have be plan to make - more Horcruxes , so that the loss of his first would not be so detrimental . I do not wish to believe it , but nothing else seem to make sense . then you tell me , two year later , that on the night that Voldemort return to his body , he make a most illuminate and alarm statement to his death eater . ' I who have go further than anybody along the path that lead to immortality . ' that be what you tell me he say . ' Further than anybody ! ' and I think I know what that mean , though the Death Eaters do not . he be refer to his Horcruxes , Horcruxes in the plural , Harry , which I do n't believe any other wizard have ever have . yet it fit : Lord Voldomort have seem to grow less human with the pass year , and the transformation he have undergo seem to me to be only explainable if his soul be mutitated beyond the realm of what we might call ' usual evil ' … " " so he have make himself impossible to kill by murder other people ? " say Harry . " why could n't he make a Sorcerer 's Stone , or steal one , if he be so interested in immortality ? " " well , we know that he try to do just that , five year ago , " say Dumbledore . " but there be several reason why , I think , a Sorcerer 's Stone would appeal less than Horcruxes to Lord Voldemort . " while the Elixir of Life do indeed extend life , it must be drink regularly , for all eternity , if the drinker be to maintain the immortality . therefore , Voldemort would be entirely dependant on the Elixir , and if it run out , or be contaminate , or if the Stone be steal , he would die just like any other man . Voldemort like to operate alone , remember . I believe that he would have find the thought of be dependent , even on the Elixir , intolerable . of course he be prepare to drink it if it would take him out of the horrible part-life to which he be condemn after attack you , but only to regain a body . thereafter , I be convince , he intend to continue to rely on his Horcruxes . he would need nothing more , if only he could regain a human form . he be already immortal , you see … or as close to immortal as any man can be . " but now , Harry , arm with this information , the crucial memory you have succeed in procure for us , we be close to the secret of finish Lord Voldemort than anyone have ever be before . you hear him , Harry : ' Would n't it be well , make you strong , to have your soul in more piece … be n't seven the most powerfully magical number … ' be n't seven the most powerfully magical number . yes , I think the idea of a seven-part soul would greatly appeal to Lord Voldemort . " " he make seven Horcruxes ? " say Harry , horror-struck , while several of the portrait on the wall make similar noise of shock mid outrage . " but they could be anywhere in the world - hidden - bury or invisible - " " I be glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the problem , " say Dumbledore calmly . " but firstly , no , Harry , not seven Horcruxes : six . the seventh part of his soul , however maim , reside inside his regenerate body . that be the part of him that live a spectral existence for so many year during his exile ; without that , he have no self at all . that seventh piece of soul will be the last that anybody wish to kill Voldemort must attack - the piece that live in his body . " " but the six Horcruxes , then , " say Harry , a little desperately , " how be we suppose to find them ? " " you be forget … you have already destroy one of them . and I have destroy another . " " you have ? " say Harry eagerly . " yes indeed , " say Dumbledore , and he raise his blacken , burned-looking hand . " the ring , Harry . Marvolo 's ring . and a terrible curse there be upon it too . have it not be - forgive me the lack of seemly modesty - for my own prodigious skill , and for Professor Snape 's timely action when I return to Hogwarts , desperately injure , I might not have live to tell the tale . however , a wither hand do not seem an unreasonable exchange for a seventh of Voldemort 's soul . the ring be no longer a Horcrux . " " but how do you find it ? " " well , as you now know , for many year I have make it my business to discover as much as I can about Voldemort 's past life . I have travel widely , visit those place he once know . I stumble across the ring hide in the ruin of the Gaunt 's house . it seem that once Voldemort have succeed in seal a piece of his soul inside it , he do not want to wear it anymore . he hide it , protect by many powerful enchantment , in the shack where his ancestor have once live ( Morfin have be cart off to Azkaban , of course ) , never guess that I might one day take the trouble to visit the ruin , or that I might be keep an eye open for trace of magical concealment . " however , we should not congratulate ourselves too heartily . you destroy the diary and I the ring , but if we be right in our theory of a seven-part soul , four Horcruxes remain . " " and they could be anything ? " say Harry . " they could be oh , in tin can or , I dunno , empty potion bottle … " " you be think of Portkeys , Harry , which must be ordinary object , easy to overlook . but would Lord Voldemort use tin can or old potion bottle to guard his own precious soul ? you be forget what I have show you . Lord Voldemort like to collect trophy , and he prefer object with a powerful magical history . his pride , his belief in his own superiority , his determination to carve for himself a startling place in magical history ; these thing , suggest to me that Voldemort would have choose his Horcruxes with some care , favor object worthy of the honor . " " the diary be n't that special . " " the diary , as you have say yourself , be proof that he be the Hire of Slytherin . I be sure that Voldemort consider it of stupendous importance . " " so , the other Horcruxes ? " say Harry . " do you think you know what they be , sir ? " " I can only guess , " say Dumbledore . " for the reason I have already give , I believe that Lord Voldemort would prefer object that , in themselves , have a certain grandeur . I have therefore trawl back through Voldemort 's past to see if I can find evidence that such artifact have disappear around him . " " the locket ! " say Harry loudly , " Hufflepuff 's cup ! " " yes , " say Dumbledore , smile , " I would be prepare to bet - perhaps not my other hand - but a couple of finger , that they become Horcruxes three and four . the remain two , assume again that he create a total of six , be more of a problem , but I will hazard a guess that , have secure object from Hufflepuff and Slytherin , he set out to track down object own by Gryffindor or Ravenclaw . four object from the four founder would , I be sure , have exert a powerful pull over Voldemort 's imagination . I can answer for whether he ever manage to find anything of Ravenclaw 's . I be confident , however , that the only know relic of Gryffindor remain safe . " Dumbledore point his blacken finger to the wall behind him , where a ruby-encrusted sword repose within a glass case . " do you think that be why he really want to come back to Hogwarts , sir ? " say Harry . " to try and find something from one of the other founder ? " " my thought precisely , " say Dumbledore . " but unfortunately , that do not advance us much further , for he be turn away , or so I believe , without the chance to search the school . I be force to conclude that he never fulfill his ambition of collect four founder ' object . he definitely have two - he may have find three - that be the good we can do for now . " " even if he get something of Ravenclaw 's or of Gryffindor 's , that leave a sixth Horcrux , " say Harry , count on his finger . " unless he have get both ? " " I do n't think so , " say Dumbledore . " I think I know what the sixth Horcrux be . I wonder what you will say when I confess that I have be curious for a while about the behavior of the snake , Nagini ? " " the snake ? " say Harry , startle . " you can use animal as Horcruxes ? " " well , it be inadvisable to do so , " say Dumbledore , " because to confide a part of your soul to something that can think and move for itself be obviously a very risky business . however , if my calculation be correct , Voldemort be still at least one Horcrux short of his goal of six when he enter your parent ' house with the intention of kill you . he seem to have reserve the process of make Horcruxes for particularly significant death . you would certainly have be that . he believe that in kill you , he be destroy the danger the prophecy have outline . he believe he be make himself invincible . I be sure that he be intend to make his final Horcrux with your death . as we know , he fail . after an interval of some year , however , he use Nagini to kill an old Muggle man , and it might then have occur to him to turn her into his last Horcrux . she underline the Slytherin connection , which enhance Lord Voldemorts mystique ; I think he be perhaps as fond of her as he can be of anything ; he certainly like to keep her close , and he seem to have an unusual amount of control over her , even for a Parselmouth . " " so , " say Harry , " the diary be go , the ring be go . the cup , the locket , and the snake be still intact , and you think there might be a Horcrux that be once Ravenclaw 's or Gryffindor 's ? " " an admirably succinct and accurate summary , yes , " say Dumbledore , bow his head . " so … be you still look for them , sir ? be that where you have be go when you have be leave the school ? " " correct , " say Dumbledore . " I have be look for a very long time . I think … perhaps … I may be close to find another one . there be hopeful sign . " " and if you do , " say Harry quickly , " can I come with you and help get rid of it ? " Dumbledore look at Harry very intently for a moment before say , " Yes , I think so . " " I can ? " say Harry , thoroughly take aback . " oh yes , " say Dumbledore , smile slightly . " I think you have earn that right . " Harry feel his heart lift . it be very good not to hear word of caution and protection for once . the headmaster and head-mistresses around the wall seem less impress by Dumbledore 's decision ; Harry see a few of them shake their head and Phineas Nigellus actually snort . " do Voldemort know when a Horcrux be destroy , sir ? can he feel it ? " Harry ask , ignore the portrait . " a very interesting question , Harry . I believe not . I believe that Voldemort be now so immerse in evil , and these crucial part of himself have be detach for so long , he do not feel as we do . perhaps , at the point of death , he might be aware of his loss … but he be not aware , for instance , that the diary have be destroy until he force the truth out of Lucius Malfoy . when Voldemort discover that the diary have be mutilate and rob of all its power , I be tell that his anger be terrible to behold . " " but I think he mean Lucius Malfoy to smuggle it into Hogwarts ? " " yes , he do , year ago , when he be sure he would be able to create more Horcruxes , but still Lucius be suppose to wait for Voldemorts say-so , and he never receive it , for Voldemort vanish shortly after give him the diary . no doubt he think that Lucius would not dare do anything with the Horcrux other than guard it carefully , but he be count too much upon Lucius 's fear of a master who have be go for year and whom Lucius believe dead . of course , Lucius do not know what the diary really be . I understand that Voldemort have tell him the diary would cause the Chamber of Secrets to reopen because it be cleverly enchant . have Lucius know he hold a portion of his master soul in his hand , he would undoubtedly have treat it with more reverence - but instead he go ahead and carry out the old plan for his own end . by plant the diary upon Arthur Weasleys daughter , he hope to discredit Arthur and get rid of a highly incriminate magical object in one stroke . ah , poor Lucius … what with Voldemorts fury about the fact that he throw away the Horcrux for his own gain , and the fiasco at the Ministry last year , I would not be surprise if he be not secretly glad to be safe in Azkaban at the moment . " Harry sit in thought for a moment , then ask , " so if all of his Horcruxes be destroy , Voldemort could be kill ? " " yes , I think so , " say Dumbledore . " without his Horcruxes , Voldemort will be a mortal man with a maim and diminish soul . never forget , though , that while his soul may be damage beyond repair , his brain and his magical power remain intact . it will take uncommon skill and power to kill a wizard like Voldemort even without his Horcruxes . " " but I have n't get uncommon skill and power , " say Harry , before he could stop himself . " yes , you have , " say Dumbledore firmly . " you have a power that Voldemort have never have . you can - " " I know ! " say Harry impatiently . " I can love ! " it be only with difficulty that he stop himself add , " Big deal ! " " yes , Harry , you can love , " say Dumbledore , who look as though he know perfectly well what Harry have just refrain from say . " which , give everything that have happen to you , be a great and remarkable thing . you be still too young to understand how unusual you be , Harry . " " so , when the prophecy say that I will have ' power the Dark Lord know not , ' it just mean - love ? " ask Harry , feel a little let down . " yes - just love , " say Dumbledore . " but Harry , never forget that what the prophecy say be only significant because Voldemort make it so . I tell you this at the end of last year . Voldemort single you out as the person who would be most dangerous to him - and in do so , he make you the person who would be most dangerous to him ! " " but it come to the same - " " no , it do n't ! " say Dumbledore , sound impatient now . point at Harry with his black , wither hand , he say , " you be set too much store by the prophecy ! " " but , " splutter Harry , " but you say the prophecy mean - " " if Voldemort have never hear of the prophecy , would it have be fulfill ? would it have mean anything ? of course not ! do you think every prophecy in the Hall of Prophecy have be fulfill ? " " but , " say Harry , bewilder , " but last year , you say one of us would have to kill the other - " " Harry , Harry , only because Voldemort make a grave error , and act on Professor Trelawney 's word ! if Voldemort have never murder your father , would he have impart in you a furious desire for revenge ? of course not ! if he have not force your mother to die for you , would he have give you a magical protection he could not penetrate ? of course not , Harry ! do n't you see ? Voldemort himself create his bad enemy , just as tyrant everywhere do ! have you any idea how much tyrant fear the people they oppress ? all of them realize that , one day , amongst their many victim , there be sure to be one who rise against them and strike back ! Voldemort be no different ! always he be on the lookout for the one who would challenge him . he hear the prophecy and he leap into action , with the result that he not only handpick the man most likely to finish him , he hand him uniquely deadly weapon ! " " but - " " it be essential that you understand this ! " say Dumbledore , stand up and stride about the room , his glitter robe swoosh in his wake ; Harry have never see him so agitate . " by attempt to kill you , Voldemort himself single out the remarkable person who sit here in front of me , and give him the tool for the job ! it be Voldemort 's fault that you be able to see into his thought , his ambition , that you even understand the snakelike language in which he give order , and yet , Harry , despite your privileged insight into Voldemort 's world ( which , incidentally , be a gift any Death Eater would kill to have ) , you have never be seduce by the Dark Art , never , even for a second , show the slight desire to become one of Voldemort 's follower ! " " of course I have n't ! " say Harry indignantly . " he kill my mum and dad ! " " you be protect , in short , by your ability to love ! " say Dumbledore loudly . " the only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort 's ! in spite of all the temptation you have endure , all the suffering , you remain pure of heart , just as pure as you be at the age of eleven , when you stare into a mirror that reflect your heart 's desire , and it show you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort , and not immortality or rich . Harry , have you any idea how few wizard could have see what you see in that mirror ? Voldemort should have know then what he be deal with , but he do not ! " but he know it now . you have flit into Lord Voldemort 's mind without damage to yourself , but he can possess you without endure mortal agony , as he discover in the Ministry . I do not think he understand why , Harry , but then , he be in such a hurry to mutilate his own soul , he never pause to understand the incomparable power of a soul that be untarnished and whole . " " but , sir , " say Harry , make valiant effort not to sound argumentative , " it all come to the same thing , do n't it ? I have get to try and kill him , or - " " get to ? " say Dumbledore . " of course you have get to ! but not because of the prophecy ! because you , yourself , will never rest until you have try ! we both know it ! imagine , please , just for a moment , that you have never hear that prophecy ! how would you feel about Voldemort now ? think ! " Harry watch Dumbledore stride up and down in front of him , and think . he think of his mother , his father , and Sirius . he think of Cedric Diggory . he think of all the terrible deed he know Lord Voldemort have do . a flame seem to leap inside his chest , sear his throat . " I will want him finish , " say Harry quietly . " and I will want to do it . " " of course you would ! " cry Dumbledore . " you see , the prophecy do not mean you have to do anything ! but the prophecy cause Lord Voldemort to mark you as his equal … in other word , you be free to choose your way , quite free to turn your back on the prophecy ! but Voldemort continue to set store by the prophecy . he will continue to hunt you … which make it certain , really , that - " " that one of us be go to end up kill the other , " say Harry . " yes . " but he understand at last what Dumbledore have be try to tell him . it be , he think , the difference between be drag into the arena to face a battle to the death and walk into the arena with your head hold high . some people , perhaps , would say that there be little to choose between the two way , but Dumbledore know - and so do I , think Harry , with a rush of fierce pride , and so do my parent - that there be all the difference in the world . chapter Twenty-four Sectumsempra Exhausted but delight with his night 's work , Harry tell Ron and Hermione everything that have happen during next morning 's Charms lesson ( have first cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them ) . they be both satisfyingly impress by the way he have wheedle the memory out of Slughorn and positively awe when he tell them about Voldemort 's Horcruxes and Dumbledore 's promise to take Harry along , should he find another one . " wow , " say Ron , when Harry have finally finish tell them everything ; Ron be wave his wand very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without pay the slight bit of attention to what he be do . " wow . you be actually go to go with Dumbledore … and try and destroy … wow . " " Ron , you be make it snow , " say Hermione patiently , grab his wrist and redirect his wand away from the ceiling from which , sure enough , large white flake have start to fall . Lavender Brown , Harry notice , glare at Hermione from a neighboring table through very red eye , and Hermione immediately let go of Ron arm . " oh yeah , " say Ron , look down at his shoulder in vague surprise . " sorry … look like we have all get horrible dandruff now … " he brush some of the fake snow off Hermiones shoulder . lavender burst into tear . Ron look immensely guilty and turn his back on her . " we split up , " he tell Harry out of the corner of his mouth , " last night . when she see me come out of the dormitory with Hermione . obviously she could n't see you , so she think it have just be the two of us . " " ah , " say Harry . " well - you do n't mind it be over , do you ? " " no , " Ron admit . " it be pretty bad while she be yell , but at least I do n't have to finish it . " " coward , " say Hermione , though she look amused . " well , it be a bad night for romance all around . Ginny and Dean split up too , Harry . " Harry think there be a rather know look in her eye as she tell him that , but she could not possibly know that his inside be suddenly dance the conga . keep his face as immobile and his voice as indifferent as he could , he ask , " how come ? " " oh , something really silly … she say he be always try to help her through the portrait hole , like she could n't climb in herself … but they have be a bit rocky for age . " Harry glance over at Dean on the other side of the classroom . he certainly look unhappy . " of course , this put you in a bit of a dilemma , do n't it ? " say Hermione . " what d'you mean ? " say Harry quickly . " the Quidditch team , " say Hermione . " if Ginny and Dean be n't speak … " " oh - oh yeah , " say Harry . " Flitwick , " say Ron in a warning tone . the tiny little Charms master be bob his way toward them , and Hermione be the only one who have manage to turn vinegar into wine ; her glass flask be full of deep crimson liquid , whereas the content of Harry 's and Ron 's be still murky brown . " now , now , boy , " squeak Professor Flitwick reproachfully . " a little less talk , a little more action … let me see you try … " together they raise their wand , concentrate with all their might , and point them at their flask . Harry 's vinegar turn to ice ; Ron flask explode . " yes … for homework , " say Professor Flitwick , reemerg from under the table and pull shard of glass out of the top of his hat , " practice . " they have one of their rare joint free period after Charms and walk back to the common room together . Ron seem to be positively lighthearted about the end of his relationship with Lavender , and Hermione seem cheery too , though when ask what she be grin about she simply say , " it be a nice day . " neither of them seem to have notice that a fierce battle be rage inside Harry 's brain : she 's Ron sister . but she have ditch Dean ! she be still Ron sister . I be his good mate ! that will make it bad . if I talk to him first - he will hit you . what if I do n't care ? he be your good mate ! Harry barely notice that they be climb through the portrait hole into the sunny common room , and only vaguely register the small group of seventh year cluster together there , until Hermione cry , " Katie ! you be back ! be you okay ? " Harry stare : it be indeed Katie Bell , look completely healthy and surround by her jubilant friend . " I be really well ! " she say happily . " they let me out of St. Mungos on Monday , I have a couple of day at home with Mum and Dad and then come back here this morning . Leanne be just tell me about McLaggen and the last match , Harry … " " Yeah , " say Harry , " well , now you be back and Ron 's fit , we will have a decent chance of thrash Ravenclaw , which mean we could still be in the running for the Cup . listen , Katie … " he have to put the question to her at once ; his curiosity even drive Ginny temporarily from his brain . he drop his voice as Katie 's friend start gather up their thing ; apparently they be late for transfiguration . " … that necklace … can you remember who give it to you now ? " " no , " say Katie , shake her head ruefully . " everyone have be ask me , but I have n't get a clue . the last thing I remember be walk into the lady ' in the three Broomsticks . " " you definitely go into the bathroom , then ? " say Hermione . " well , I know I push open the door , " say Katie , " so I suppose whoever Imperiused me be stand just behind it . after that , my memory be a blank until about two week ago in St. Mungo 's . listen , I will well go , I would n't put it past McGonagall to give me line even if it be my first day back … " she catch up her bag and book and hurry after her friend , leave Harry , Ron , and Hermione to sit down at a window table and ponder what she have tell them . " so it must have be a girl or a woman who give Katie the necklace , " say Hermione , " to be in the lady ' bathroom . " " or someone who look like a girl or a woman , " say Harry . " do n't forget , there be a cauldron full of Polyjuice Potion at Hogwarts . we know some of it get stolen … " in his mind 's eye , he watch a parade of Crabbes and Goyles prance past , all transform into girl . " I think I be go to take another swig of Felix , " say Harry , " and have a go at the Room of Requirement again . " " that would be a complete waste of potion , " say Hermione flatly , put down the copy of Spellmans Syllabary she have just take out of her bag . " luck can only get you so far , Harry . the situation with Slughorn be different ; you always have the ability to persuade him , you just need to tweak the circumstance a bit . luck be n't enough to get you through a powerful enchantment , though . do n't go waste the rest of that potion ! you will need all the luck you can get if Dumbledore take you along with him … " she drop her voice to a whisper . " could n't we make some more ? " Ron ask Harry , ignore Hermione . " it will be great to have a stock of it … have a look in the book … " Harry pull his copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of his bap , and look up Felix Felicis . " Blimey , it be seriously complicated , " he say , run an eye down the list of ingredient . " and it take six month … you have get to let it stew … " " typical , " say Ron . Harry be about to put his book away again when he notice the corner of a page fold down ; turn to it , he see the Sectumsempra spell , caption " for enemy , " that he have mark a few week previously . he have still not find out what it do , mainly because he do not want to test it around Hermione , but he be consider try it out on McLaggen next time he come up behind him unawares . the only person who be not particularly please to see Katie Bell back at school be Dean Thomas , because he would no longer be require to fill her place as Chaser . he take the blow stoically enough when Harry tell him , merely grunt and shrug , but Harry have the distinct feeling as he walk away that Dean and Seamus be mutter mutinously behind his back . the follow fortnight see the good Quidditch practice Harry have know as Captain . his team be so please to be rid of McLaggen , so glad to have Katie back at last , that they be fly extremely well . Ginny do not seem at all upset about the breakup with Dean ; on the contrary , she be the life and soul of the team . her imitation of Ron anxiously bob up and down in front of the goal post as the Quaffle speed toward him , or of Harry bellow order at McLaggen before be knock out cold , keep them all highly amuse . Harry , laugh with the other , be glad to have an innocent reason to look at Ginny ; he have receive several more Bludger injury during practice because he have not be keep his eye on the Snitch . the battle still rage inside his head : Ginny or Ron ? sometimes he think that the postLavender Ron might not mind too much if he ask Ginny out , but then he remember Ron 's expression when he have see her kissing Dean , and be sure that Ron would consider it base treachery if Harry so much as hold her hand … yet Harry could not help himself talk to Ginny , laugh with her , walk back from practice with her ; however much his conscience ache , he find himself wonder how good to get her on her own . it would have be ideal if Slughorn have give another of his little party , for Ron would not be around - but unfortunately , Slughorn seem to have give them up . once or twice Harry consider ask for Hermione 's help , but he do not think he could stand see the smug look on her face ; he think he catch it sometimes when Hermione spot him stare at Ginny or laugh at her joke . and to complicate matter , he have the nagging worry that if he do n't do it , somebody else be sure to ask Ginny out soon : he and Ron be at least agree on the fact that she be too popular for her own good . all in all , the temptation to take another gulp of Felix Felicis be become strong by the day , for surely this be a case for , as Hermione put it , " tweak the circumstance " ? the balmy day slide gently through May , and Ron seem to be there at Harry 's shoulder every time he see Ginny . Harry find himself longing for a stroke of luck that would somehow cause Ron to realize that nothing would make him happy than his good friend and his sister fall for each other and to leave them alone together for long than a few second . there seem no chance of either while the final Quidditch game of the season be loom ; Ron want to talk tactic with Harry all the time and have little think for anything else . Ron be not unique in this respect ; interest in the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw game be run extremely high throughout the school , for the match would decide the championship , which be still wide open . if Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three hundred point ( a tall order , and yet Harry have never know his team to fly good ) then they would win the championship . if they win by less than three hundred point , they would come second to Ravenclaw ; if they lose by a hundred point they would be third behind Hufflepuff and if they lose by more than a hundred , they would be in fourth place and nobody , Harry think , would ever , ever let him forget that it have be he who have captain Gryffindor to their first bottom-of-the-table defeat in two century . the run-up to this crucial match have all the usual feature : member of rival house attempt to intimidate oppose team in the corridor ; unpleasant chant about individual player be rehearse loudly as they pass ; the team member themselves either swagger around enjoy all the attention or else dash into bathroom between class to throw up . somehow , the game have become inextricably link in Harry 's mind with success or failure in his plan for Ginny . he could not help feel that if they win by more than three hundred point , the scene of euphoria and a nice loud after-match party might be just as good as a hearty swig of Felix Felicis . in the midst of all his preoccupation , Harry have not forget his other ambition : find out what Malfoy be up to in the Room of Requirement . he be still check the Marauder 's Map , and as he be unable to locate Malfoy on it , deduce that Malfoy be still spend plenty of time within the room . although Harry be lose hope that he would ever succeed in get inside the Room of Requirement , he attempt it whenever he be in the vicinity , but no matter how he reword his request , the wall remain firmly doorless . a few day before the match against Ravenclaw , Harry find himself walk down to dinner alone from the common room , Ron have rush off into a nearby bathroom to throw up yet again , and Hermione have dash off to see Professor Vector about a mistake she think she might have make in her last Arithmancy essay . more out of habit than anything , Harry make his usual detour along the seventh-floor corridor , check the Marauder 's Map as he go . for a moment he could not find Malfoy anywhere and assume he must indeed be inside the Room of Requirement again , but then he see Malfoy 's tiny , label dot standing in a boy ' bathroom on the floor below , accompany , not by Crabbe or Goyle , but by Moaning Myrtle . Harry only stop stare at this unlikely coupling when he walk right into a suit of armor . the loud crash bring him out of his reverie ; hurry from the scene lest Filch turn up , he dash down the marble staircase and along the passageway below . outside the bathroom , he press his ear against the door . he could not hear anything . he very quietly push the door open . Draco Malfoy be stand with his back to the door , his hand clutch either side of the sink , his white-blond head bow . " do n't , " croon Moaning Myrtle 's voice from one of the cubicle . " do n't … tell me what 's wrong … I can help you … " " no one can help me , " say Malfoy . his whole body be shake . " I ca n't do it … I ca n't … it wo n't work … and unless I do it soon … he say he will kill me … " and Harry realize , with a shock so huge it seem to root him to the spot , that Malfoy be cry - actually crying - tear stream down his pale face into the grimy basin . Malfoy gasp and gulp and then , with a great shudder , look up into flu-cracked mirror and see Harry stare at him over his shoulder . Malfoy wheel around , draw his wand . instinctively , Harry pull out his own . Malfoy 's hex miss Harry by inch , shatter the lamp on the wall beside him ; Harry throw himself sideways , think Levicorpus ! and flick his wand , but Malfoy block the jinx and raise his wand for another - " no ! no ! stop it ! " squeal Moaning Myrtle , her voice echo loudly around the tile room . " stop ! stop ! " there be a loud bang and the bin behind Harry explode ; Harry attempt a Leg-Locker Curse that backfire off the wall behind Malfoy 's ear and smash the cistern beneath Moaning Myrtle , who scream loudly ; water pour everywhere and Harry slip as Malfoy , his face contorted , cry , " Cruci - " " SECTUMSEMPRA ! " bellow Harry from the floor , wave his wand wildly . blood spurt from Malfoy 's face and chest as though he have be slash with an invisible sword . he stagger backward and collapse onto the waterlogged floor with a great splash , his wand fall from his limp right hand . " no - " gasp Harry . slip and stagger , Harry get to his foot and plunge toward Malfoy , whose face be now shine scarlet , his white hand scrabble at his blood-soaked chest . " no - I do n't - " Harry do not know what he be say ; he fall to his knee beside Malfoy , who be shake uncontrollably in a pool of his own blood . moan Myrtle let out a deafen scream : " murder ! murder in the bathroom ! murder ! " the door bang open behind Harry and he look up , terrify : Snape have burst into the room , his face livid . push Harry roughly aside , he kneel over Malfoy , draw his wand , and trace it over the deep wound Harry 's curse have make , mutter an incantation that sound almost like song . the flow of blood seem to ease ; Snape wipe the residue from Malfoy 's face and repeat his spell . now the wound seem to be knit . Harry be still watch , horrify by what he have do , barely aware that he too be soak in blood and water . moan Myrtle be still sob and wail overhead . when Snape have perform his countercurse for the third time , he half-lifted Malfoy into a standing position . " you need the hospital wing . there may be a certain amount of scar , but if you take dittany immediately we might avoid even that … come … " he support Malfoy across the bathroom , turn at the door to say in a voice of cold fury , " and you , Potter … you wait here for me . " it do not occur to Harry for a second to disobey . he stand up slowly , shake , and look down at the wet floor . there be bloodstain float like crimson flower across its surface . he could not even find it in himself to tell Moaning Myrtle to be quiet , as she continue to wail and sob with increasingly evident enjoyment . Snape return ten minute later . he step into the bathroom and close the door behind him . " go , " he say to Myrtle , and she swoop back into her toilet at once , leave a ring silence behind her . " I do n't mean it to happen , " say Harry at once . his voice echo in the cold , watery space . " I do n't know what that spell do . " but Snape ignore this . " apparently I underestimate you , Potter , " he say quietly . " who would have think you know such Dark Magic ? who teach you that spell ? " " I - read about it somewhere . " " where ? " " it be - a library book , " Harry invent wildly . " I ca n't remember what it be call - " " Liar , " say Snape . Harry 's throat go dry . he know what Snape be go to do and he have never be able to prevent it … the bathroom seem to shimmer before his eye ; he struggle to block out all thought , but try as he might , the Half-Blood Prince 's copy of Advanced Potion-Making swim hazily to the forefront of his mind . and then he be stare at Snape again , in the midst of this wreck , soak bathroom . he stare into Snape 's black eye , hope against hope that Snape have not see what he fear , but - " Bring me your schoolbag , " say Snape softly , " and all of your schoolbook . all of them . bring them to me here . now ! " there be no point argue . Harry turn at once and splash out of the bathroom . once in the corridor , he break into a run toward Gryffindor Tower . most people be walk the other way ; they gape at him , drench in water and blood , but he answer none of the question fire at him as he run past . he feel stun ; it be as though a beloved pet have turn suddenly savage ; what have the Prince be think to copy such a spell into his book ? and what would happen when Snape see it ? would he tell Slughorn - Harry 's stomach churn - how Harry have be achieve such good result in potion all year ? would he confiscate or destroy the book that have teach Harry so much … the book that have become a kind of guide and friend ? Harry could not let it happen … he could not … " where have you - ? why be you soak - ? be that blood . " Ron be stand at the top of the stair , look bewilder at , the sight of Harry . " I need your book , " Harry pant . " your potion book . quick … give it to me … " " but what about the half-blood - " " I will explain later ! " Ron pull his copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of his bag and hand it over ; Harry sprint off past him and back to the common room . here , he seize his schoolbag , ignore the amazed look of several people who have already finish their dinner , throw himself back out of the portrait hole , and hurtle off along the seventh-floor corridor . he skid to a halt beside the tapestry of dance troll , close his eye , and begin to walk . I need a place to hide my book … I need a place to hide my book … I need a place to hide my book … three time he walk up and down in front of the stretch of blank wall . when he open his eye , there it be at last : the door to the Room of Requirement . Harry wrench it open , fling him self inside , and slam it shut . he gasp . despite his haste , his panic , his fear of what await him back in the bathroom , he could not help but be overawe by what he be look at . he be stand in a room the size of a large cathedral , whose high window be send shaft of light down upon what look like a city with towering wall , build of what Harry know must be object hide by generation of Hogwarts inhabitant . there be alleyway and road border by tetering pile of break and damage furniture , stow away , perhaps , to hide the evidence of mishandle magic , or else hide by castle-proud house-elves . there be thousand and thousand of book , no doubt ban or graffitied or steal . there be wing catapult and fanged Frisbee , some still with enough life in them to hover halfheartedly over the mountain of other forbidden item ; there be chip bottle of congeal potion , hat , jewel , cloak ; there be what look like dragon eggshell , corked bottle whose content still shimmer evilly , several rust sword , and a heavy , bloodstained axe . Harry hurry forward into one of the many alleyway between all this hidden treasure . he turn right past an enormous stuffed troll , run on a short way , take a left at the break Vanishing Cabinet in which Montague have get lose the previous year , finally pause beside a large cupboard that seem to have have acid throw at its blister surface . he open one of the cupboard 's creak door : it have already be use as a hide place for something in a cage that have long since die ; its skeleton have five leg . he stuff the Half-Blood Princes book behind the cage and slam the door . he pause for a moment , his heart thump horribly , gaze around at all the clutter … Would he be able to find this spot again amidst all this junk ? seize the chip bust of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate , he stand it on top of the cupboard where the book be now hide , perch a dusty old wig and a tarnished tiara on the statue head to make it more distinctive , then sprint back through the alleyway of hidden junk as fast as he could go , back to the door , back out onto the corridor , where he slam the door behind him , and it turn at once back into stone . Harry run flat-out toward the bathroom on the floor below , cram Ron 's copy of Advanced Potion-Making into his bag as he do so . a minute later , he be back in front of Snape , who hold out his hand wordlessly for Harry 's schoolbag . Harry hand it over , pant , a searing pain in his chest , and wait . one by one , Snape extract Harry 's book and examine them . finally , the only book leave be the potion book , which he look at very carefully before speak . " this be your copy of Advanced Potion-Making , be it , Potter ? " " yes , " say Harry , still breathe hard . " you be quite sure of that , be you , Potter ? " " yes , " say Harry , with a touch more defiance . " this be the copy of Advanced Potion-Making that you purchase from Flourish and Blotts ? " " yes , " say Harry firmly . " then why , " ask Snape , " do it have the name ' Roonil Wazlib ' write inside the front cover ? " Harry heart miss a beat . " that be my nickname , " he say . " your nickname , " repeat Snape . " yeah … that be what my friend call me , " say Harry . " I understand what a nickname be , " say Snape . the cold , black eye be bore once more into Harry 's ; he try not to look into them . close your mind … close your mind … but he have never learn how to do it properly … " do you know what I think , Potter ? " say Snape , very quietly . " I think that you be a liar and a cheat and that you deserve detention with me every Saturday until the end of term . what do you think , Potter ? " " I - I do n't agree , sir , " say Harry , still refuse to look into Snape 's eye . " well , we shall see how you feel after your detention , " say Snape . " ten o'clock Saturday morning , Potter . my office . " " but sir … " say Harry , look up desperately . " Quidditch … the last match of the … " " ten o'clock , " whisper Snape , with a smile that show his yellow tooth . " Poor Gryffindor … fourth place this year , I fear … " and he leave the bathroom without another word , leave Harry to stare into the cracked mirror , feel sick , he be sure , than Ron have ever feel in his life . " I wo n't say ' I tell you so , ' " say Hermione , an hour later in the common room . " leave it , Hermione , " say Ron angrily . Harry have never make it to dinner ; he have no appetite at all . he have just finish tell Ron , Hermione , and Ginny what have happen , not that there seem to have be much need . the news have travel very fast : apparently Moaning Myrtle have take it upon herself to pop up in every bathroom in the castle to tell the story ; Malfoy have already be visit in the hospital wing by Pansy Parkinson , who have lose no time in vilify Harry far and wide , and Snape have tell the staff precisely what have happen . Harry have already be call out of the common room to endure fifteen highly unpleasant minute in the company of Professor McGonagall , who have tell him he be lucky not to have be expel and that she support wholeheartedly Snape 's punishment of detention every Saturday until the end of term . " I tell you there be something wrong with that Prince person , " Hermione say , evidently unable to stop herself . " and I be right , be n't I. " " no , I do n't think you be , " say Harry stubbornly . he be have a bad enough time without Hermione lecture him ; the look on the Gryffindor team 's face when he have tell them he would not be able to play on Saturday have be the bad punishment of all . he could feel Ginny 's eye on him now but do not meet them ; he do not want to see disappointment or anger there . he have just tell her that she would be play Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be rejoin the team as Chaser in her place . perhaps , if they win , Ginny and Dean would make up during the post-match euphoria … the thought go through Harry like an icy knife … " Harry , " say Hermione , " how can you still stick up for that book when that spell - " " will you stop harp on about the book ! " snap Harry . " the Prince only copy it out ! it be not like he be advise anyone to use it ! for all we know , he be make a note of something that have be use against him ! " " I do n't believe this , " say Hermione . " you be actually defend - " " I be not defend what I do ! " say Harry quickly . " I wish I have n't do it , and not just because I have get about a dozen detention . you know I would n't have use a spell like that , not even on Malfoy , but you ca n't blame the Prince , he have n't write ' try this out , it be really good ' - he be just make note for himself , be n't he , not for anyone else … " " be you tell me , " say Hermione , " that you be go to go back - ? " " and get the book ? yeah , I be , " say Harry forcefully . " listen , without the Prince I will never have win the Felix Felicis . I will never have know how to save Ron from poisoning , I will never have - " " - get a reputation for potion brilliance you do n't deserve , " say Hermione nastily . " give it a rest , Hermione ! " say Ginny , and Harry be so amaze , so grateful , he look up . " by the sound of it , Malfoy be try to use an unforgivable curse , you should be glad Harry have something good up his sleeve ! " " well , of course I be glad Harry be n't curse ! " say Hermione , clearly sting . " but you ca n't call that Sectumsempra spell good , Ginny , look where it have land him ! and I will have think , see what this have do to your chance in the match - " " oh , do n't start act as though you understand Quidditch , " snap Ginny , " you will only embarrass yourself . " Harry and Ron stare : Hermione and Ginny , who have always get on together very well , be now sit with their arm fold , glare in opposite direction . Ron look nervously at Harry , then snatch up a book at random and hide behind it . Harry , however , little though he know he deserve it , feel unbelievably cheerful all of a sudden , even though none of them speak again for the rest of the evening . his lightheartedness be short-lived . there be Slytherin taunt to be endure next day , not to mention much anger from fellow Gryffindors , who be most unhappy that their Captain have get himself ban from the final match of the season . by Saturday morning , whatever he might have tell Hermione , Harry would have gladly exchange all the Felix Felicis in the world to be walk down to the Quidditch pitch with Ron , Ginny , and the other . it be almost unbearable to turn away from the mass of student stream out into the sunshine , all of them wear rosette and hat and brandish banner and scarves , to descend the stone step into the dungeon and walk until the distant sound of the crowd be quite obliterate , know that he would not be able to hear a word of commentary or a cheer or groan . " ah , Potter , " say Snape , when Harry have knock on his door and enter the unpleasantly familiar office that Snape , despite teach floor above now , have not vacate ; it be as dimly light as ever and the same slimy dead object be suspend in color potion all around the wall . ominously , there be many cob-webbed box pile on a table where Harry be clearly suppose to sit ; they have an aura of tedious , hard , and pointless work about them . " Mr. Filch have be look for someone to clear out these old file , " say Snape softly . " they be the record of other Hogwarts wrongdoer and their punishment . where the ink have grow faint , or the card have suffer damage from mouse , we would like you to copy out the crime and punishment afresh and , make sure that they be in alphabetical order , replace them in the box . you will not use magic . " " right , Professor , " say Harry , with as much contempt as he could put into the last three syllable . " I think you could start , " say Snape , a malicious smile on his lip , " with box one thousand and twelve to one thousand and fifty-six . you will find some familiar name in there , which should add interest to the task . here , you see … " he pull out a card from one of the topmost box with a flourish and read , " ' James Potter and Sirius Black . apprehend use an illegal hex upon Bertram Aubrey . Aubreys head twice normal size . double detention . ' " Snape sneer . " it must be such a comforting thing that , though they be go , a record of their great achievement remain . " Harry feel the familiar boiling sensation in the pit of his stomach . bite his tongue to prevent himself retaliate , he sit down in front of the box and pull one toward him . it be , as Harry have anticipate , useless , boring work , punctuate ( as Snape have clearly plan ) with the regular jolt in the stomach that mean he have just read his father or Sirius 's name , usually couple together in various petty misdeed , occasionally accompany by those of Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew . and while he copy out all their various offense and punishment , he wonder what be go on outside , where the match would have just start … Ginny playing Seeker against Cho … Harry glance again and again at the large clock tick on the wall . it seem to be move half as fast as a regular clock ; perhaps Snape have bewitch it to go extra slowly ? he could not have be here for only half an hour … an hour … an hour and a half … Harry 's stomach start rumble when the clock show half past twelve . Snape , who have not speak at all since set Harry his task , finally look up at ten past one . " I think that will do , " he say coldly . " mark the place you have reach . you will continue at ten o'clock next Saturday . " " yes , sir . " Harry stuff a bent card into the box at random and hurry out of the door before Snape could change his mind , race back up the stone step , strain his ear to hear a sound from the pitch , but all be quiet … it be over , then … he hesitate outside the crowded Great Hall , then run up the marble staircase ; whether Gryffindor have win or lose , the team usually celebrate or commiserate in their own common room . " quid agis ? " he say tentatively to the Fat Lady , wonder what he would find inside . her expression be unreadable as she reply , " you will see . " and she swing forward . a roar of celebration erupt from the hole behind her . Harry gape as people begin to scream at the sight of him ; several hand pull him into the room . " we win ! " yell Ron , bound into sight and brandish the silver Cup at Harry . " we win ! four hundred and fifty to a hundred and forty ! we win ! " Harry look around ; there be Ginny run toward him ; she have a hard , blaze look in her face as she throw her arm around him . and without thinking , without plan it , without worry about the fact that fifty people be watch , Harry kiss her . after several long moment - or it might have be half an hour - or possibly several sunlit day - they break apart . the room have go very quiet . then several people wolf-whistle and there be an outbreak of nervous giggle . Harry look over the top of Ginny 's head to see Dean Thomas hold a shattered glass in his hand , and Romilda Vane look as though she might throw something . Hermione be beaming , but Harry 's eye seek Ron . at last he find him , still clutch the Cup and wear an expression appropriate to have be club over the head . for a fraction of a second they look at each other , then Ron give a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understand to mean , well - if you must . the creature in his chest roaring in triumph , he grin down at Ginny and gesture wordlessly out of the portrait hole . a long walk in the ground seem indicate , during which - if they have time - they might discuss the match . chapter TWENTY-FIVE the Seer Overheard the fact that Harry Potter be go out with Ginny Weasley seem to interest a great number of people , most of them girl , yet Harry find himself newly and happily impervious to gossip over the next few week . after all , it make a very nice change to be talk about because of something that be make him happy than he could remember be for a very long time , rather than because he have be involve in horrific scene of dark magic . " you will think people have good thing to gossip about , " say Ginny , as she sit on the commonroom floor , lean against Harry 's leg and read the Daily Prophet . " three Dementor attack in a week , and all Romilda Vane do be ask me if it be true you have get a Hippogriff tattoo across your chest . " Ron and Hermione both roar with laughter . Harry ignore them . " what do you tell her ? " " I tell her it be a Hungarian horntail , " say Ginny , turn a page of the newspaper idly . " much more macho . " " thanks , " say Harry , grin . " and what do you tell her Ron 's get ? " " a Pygmy Puff , but I do n't say where . " Ron scowl as Hermione roll around laugh . " watch it , " he say , point wamingly at Harry and Ginny . " just because I have give my permission do n't mean I ca n't withdraw it - " " your permission " , scoff Ginny . " since when do you give me permission to do anything ? anyway , you say yourself you will rather it be Harry than Michael or Dean . " " yeah , I would , " say Ron grudgingly . " and just as long as you do n't start snog each other in public - " " you filthy hypocrite ! what about you and Lavender , thrash around like a pair of eel all over the place ? " demand Ginny . but Ron 's tolerance be not to be test much as they move into June , for Harry and Ginny 's time together be become increasingly restrict . Ginny 's O.W.L.s be approach and she be therefore force to revise for hour into the night . on one such evening , when Ginny have retire to the library and Harry be sit beside the window in the common room , supposedly finish his Herbology homework but in reality relive a particularly happy hour he have spend down by the lake with Ginny at lunch-time , Hermione drop into the seat between him and Ron with an unpleasantly purposeful look on her face . " I want to talk to you , Harry . " " what about ? " say Harry suspiciously . only the previous day , Hermione have tell him off for distract Ginny when she ought to be work hard for her examination . " the so-called Half-Blood Prince . " " oh , not again , " he groan . " will you please drop it ? " he have not dare to return to the Room of Requirement to retrieve his book , and his performance in potion be suffer accordingly ( though Slughorn , who approve of Ginny , have jocularly attribute this to Harry be lovesick ) . but Harry be sure that Snape have not yet give up hope of lay hand on the Prince 's book , and be determine to leave it where it be while Snape remain on the lookout . " I be not drop it , " say Hermione firmly , " until you have hear me out . now , I have be try to find out a bit about who might make a hobby of invent dark spell - " " he do n't make a hobby of it - " " he , he - who say it be a he ? " " we have be through this , " say Harry crossly . " Prince , Hermione , Prince ! " " right ! " say Hermione , red patch blaze in her cheek as she pull a very old piece of newsprint out of her pocket and slam it down on the table in front of Harry . " look at that ! look at the picture ! " Harry pick up the crumble piece of paper and stare at the move photograph , yellow with age ; Ron lean over for a look , too . the picture show a skinny girl of around fifteen . she be not pretty ; she look simultaneously cross and sullen , with heavy brow and a long , pallid face . underneath the photograph be the caption : Eileen Prince , Captain of the Hogwarts Gobstones Team . " so ? " say Harry , scan the short news item to which the picture belong ; it be a rather dull story about inter-school competition . " her name be Eileen Prince . Prince , Harry . " they look at each other and Harry realize what Hermione be try to say . he burst out laugh . " no way . " " what ? " " you think she be the Half-Blood … ? oh , come on . " " well , why not ? Harry , there be n't any real prince in the wizarding world ! it be either a nickname , a made-up title somebody have give themselves , or it could be their actual name , could n't it ? no , listen ! if , say , her father be a wizard whose surname be " Prince " , and her mother be a Muggle , then that would make her a ' half-blood Prince ' ! " " yeah , very ingenious , Hermione … " " but it would ! maybe she be proud of be half a Prince ! " " listen , Hermione , I can tell it be not a girl . I can just tell . " " the truth be that you do n't think a girl would have be clever enough , " say Hermione angrily . " how can I have hang round with you for five year and not think girl be clever ? " say Harry , sting by this . " it be the way he write . I just know the Prince be a bloke , I can tell . this girl have n't get anything to do with it . where do you get this , anyway ? " " the library , " say Hermione , predictably . " there be a whole collection of old prophet up there . well , I be go to find out more about Eileen Prince if I can . " " enjoy yourself , " say Harry irritably . " I will , " say Hermione . " and the first place I will look , " she shoot at him , as she reach the portrait hole , " be record of old potion award ! " Harry scowl after her for a moment , then continue his contemplation of the darken sky . " she be just never get over you outperform her in potion , " say Ron , return to his copy of one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi . " you do n't think I be mad , want that book back , do you ? " " course not , " say Ron robustly . " he be a genius , the Prince . anyway … without his bezoar tip … " he draw his finger significantly across his own throat , " I would n't be here to discuss it , would I ? I mean , I be not say that spell you use on Malfoy be great - " " nor be I , " say Harry quickly . " but he heal all right , do n't he ? back on his foot in no time . " " yeah , " say Harry ; this be perfectly true , although his conscience squirm slightly all the same . " thanks to Snape … " " you still get detention with Snape this Saturday ? " Ron continue . " yeah , and the Saturday after that , and the Saturday after that,'"sighed Harry . " and he be hint now that if I do n't get all the box do by the end of term , we will carry on next year . " he be find these detention particularly irksome because they cut into the already limited time he could have be spend with Ginny . indeed , he have frequently wonder lately whether Snape do not know this , for he be keep Harry later and later every time , while make pointed aside about Harry have to miss the good weather and the varied opportunity it offer . Harry be shake from these bitter reflection by the appearance at his side of Jimmy Peakes , who be hold out a scroll of parchment . " thanks , Jimmy … hey , it be from Dumbledore ! " say Harry excitedly , unroll the parchment and scan it . " he want me to go to his office as quick as I can ! " they stare at each other . " Blimey , " whisper Ron . " you do n't reckon … he have n't find … ? " " well go and see , have n't I ? " say Harry , jump to his foot . he hurry out of the common room and along the seventh floor as fast as he could , pass nobody but Peeves , who swoop past in the opposite direction , throw bit of chalk at Harry in a routine sort of way and cackle loudly as he dodge Harry 's defensive jinx . once Peeves have vanish , there be silence in the corridor ; with only fifteen minute leave until curfew , most people have already return to their common room . and then Harry hear a scream and a crash . he stop in his track , listen . " how - dare - you - aaaaargh ! " the noise be come from a corridor nearby ; Harry sprint towards it , his wand at the ready , hurtle around another corner and see Professor Trelawney sprawl upon the floor , her head cover in one of her many shawl , several sherry bottle lie beside her , one break . " professor - " Harry hurried forward and help Professor Trelawney to her foot . some of her glitter bead have become entangled with her glass . she hiccough loudly , pat her hair and pull herself up on Harry 's help arm . " what happen , Professor ? " " you may well ask ! " she say shrilly . " I be stroll along , brood upon certain dark portent happen to have glimpse … " but Harry be not pay much attention . he have just notice where they be stand : there on the right be the tapestry of dance troll and , on the left , that smoothly impenetrable stretch of stone wall that conceal - " Professor , be you try to get into the Room of Requirement ? " " … omen I have be vouchsafe - what ? " she look suddenly shifty . " the Room of Requirement , " repeat Harry . " be you try to get in there ? " " I - well - I do n't know student know about - " " not all of them do , " say Harry . " but what happen ? you scream … it sound as though you be hurt … " " I - well , " say Professor Trelawney , draw her shawl around her defensively and stare down at him with her vastly magnify eye . " I wish to - ah - deposit certain - um - personal item in the Room … " and she mutter something about ' nasty accusation ' . " right , " say Harry , glance down at the sherry bottle . " but you could n't get in and hide them ? " he find this very odd ; the Room have open for him , after all , when he have want to hide the Half-Blood Prince 's book . " oh , I get in all right , " say Professor Trelawney , glaring at the wall . " but there be somebody already in there . " " somebody in - ? who ? " demand Harry . " who be in there ? " " who ? I have no idea , " say Professor Trelawney , look slightly take aback at the urgency in Harry 's voice . " I walk into the Room and I hear a voice , which have never happen before in all my year of hiding - of use the Room , I mean . " " a voice ? say what ? " " I do n't know that it be say anything , " say Professor Trelawney . " it be … whooping . " " whooping ? " " gleefully , " she say , nod . Harry stare at her . " be it male or female ? " " I would hazard a guess at male , " say Professor Trelawney . " and it sound happy ? " " very happy , " say Professor Trelawney sniffily . " as though it be celebrate ? " " most definitely . " " and then - ? " " and then I call out , ' who be there ? ' " " you could n't have find out who it be without ask ? " Harry ask her , slightly frustrate . " the Inner Eye , " say Professor Trelawney with dignity , straighten her shawl and many strand of glitter bead , " be fix upon matter well outside the mundane realm of whooping voice . " " right , " say Harry hastily ; he have hear about Professor Trelawney 's Inner Eye all too often before . " and do the voice say who be there ? " " no , it do not , " she say . " everything go pitch black and the next thing I know , I be be hurl headfirst out of the Room ! " " and you do n't see that come ? " say Harry , unable to help himself . " no , I do not , as I say , it be pitch - " she stop and glare at him suspiciously . " I think you will well tell Professor Dumbledore , " say Harry . " he ought to know Malfoy 's celebrate - I mean , that someone throw you out of the Room . " to his surprise , Professor Trelawney draw herself up at this suggestion , look haughty . " the Headmaster have intimate that he would prefer few visit from me , " she say coldly . " I be not one to press my company upon those who do not value it . if Dumbledore choose to ignore the warning the card show - " her bony hand close suddenly around Harry 's wrist . " again and again , no matter how I lie them out - " and she pull a card dramatically from underneath her shawl . " - the lightning-struck tower , " she whisper . " calamity . disaster . come near all the time … " " right , " say Harry again . " well … I still think you should tell Dumbledore about this voice and everything go dark and be throw out of the Room … " " you think so ? " Professor Trelawney seem to consider the matter for a moment , but Harry could tell that she like the idea of retell her little adventure . " I be go to see him right now , " say Harry . " I have get a meeting with him . we could go together . " " oh , well , in that case , " say Professor Trelawney with a smile . she bend down , scoop up her sherry bottle and dump them unceremoniously in a large blue and white vase standing in a nearby niche . " I miss have you in my class , Harry , " she say soulfully , as they set off together . " you be never much of a Seer … but you be a wonderful object … " Harry do not reply ; he have loathe be the object of Professor Trelawney 's continual prediction of doom . " I be afraid , " she go on , " that the nag - I be sorry , the centaur - know nothing of cartomancy . I ask him - one seer to another - have he not , too , sense the distant vibrations of come catastrophe ? but he seem to find me almost comical . yes , comical ! " her voice rise rather hysterically and Harry catch a powerful whiff of sherry even though the bottle have be leave behind . " perhaps the horse have hear people say that I have not inherit my great-great-grandmother 's gift . those rumour have be bandy about by the jealous for year . you know what I say to such people , Harry ? would Dumbledore have let me teach at this great school , put so much trust in me all these year , have I not prove myself to him ? " Harry mumble something indistinct . " I well remember my first interview with Dumbledore , " go on Professor Trelawney , in throaty tone . " he be deeply impress , of course , deeply impress … I be stay at the Hog 's Head , which I do not advise , incidentally - bed bug , dear boy - but fund be low . Dumbledore do me the courtesy of call upon me in my room at the inn . he question me … I must confess that , at first , I think he seem ill-disposed towards Divination … and I remember I be start to feel a little odd , I have not eat much that day … but then … " and now Harry be pay attention properly for the first time , for he know what have happen then : Professor Trelawney have make the prophecy that have alter the course of his whole life , the prophecy about him and Voldemort . " … but then we be rudely interrupt by Severus Snape ! ' " what ? " " yes , there be a commotion outside the door and it fly open , and there be that rather uncouth barman standing with Snape , who be waffle about have come the wrong way up the stair , although I be afraid that I myself rather think he have be apprehend eavesdropping on my interview with Dumbledore - you see , he himself be seek a job at the time , and no doubt hope to pick up tip ! well , after that , you know , Dumbledore seem much more disposed to give me a job , and I could not help thinking , Harry , that it be because he appreciate the stark contrast between my own unassuming manner and quiet talent , compare to the push , thrust young man who be prepare to listen at keyhole - Harry , dear ? " she look back over her shoulder , have only just realize that Harry be no longer with her ; he have stop walk and they be now ten foot from each other . " Harry ? " she repeat uncertainly . perhaps his face be white , to make her look so concern and frighten . Harry be stand stock-still as wave of shock crash over him , wave after wave , obliterate everything except the information that have be keep from him for so long … it be Snape who have overhear the prophecy . it be Snape who have carry the news of the prophecy to Voldemort . Snape and Peter Pettigrew together have send Voldemort hunting after Lily and James and their son … nothing else matter to Harry just now . " Harry ? " say Professor Trelawney again . " Harry - I think we be go to see the headmaster together ? " " you stay here , " say Harry through numb lip . " but , dear … I be go to tell him how I be assault in the Room of - " " you stay here ! " Harry repeat angrily . she look alarmed as he run past her , round the corner into Dumbledore 's corridor , where the lone gargoyle stand sentry . Harry shout the password at the gargoyle and run up the move spiral staircase three step at a time . he do not knock upon Dumbledore 's door , he hammer ; and the calm voice answer ' Enter ' after Harry have already fling himself into the room . Fawkes the phoenix look round , his bright black eye gleam with reflect gold from the sunset beyond the window . Dumbledore be stand at the window look out at the ground , a long , black travel cloak in his arm . " well , Harry , I promise that you could come with me . " for a moment or two , Harry do not understand ; the conversation with Trelawney have drive everything else out of his head and his brain seem to be move very slowly . " come … with you … ? " " only if you wish it , of course . " " if I … " and then Harry remember why he have be eager to come to Dumbledore 's office in the first place . " you have find one ? you have find a Horcrux ? " " I believe so . " rage and resentment fight shock and excitement : for several moment , Harry could not speak . " it be natural to be afraid , " say Dumbledore . " I be not scare ! " say Harry at once , and it be perfectly true ; fear be one emotion he be not feel at all . " which Horcrux be it ? where be it ? " " I be not sure which it be - though I think we can rule out the snake - but I believe it to be hide in a cave on the coast many mile from here , a cave I have be try to locate for a very long time : the cave in which Tom Riddle once terrorise two child from his orphanage on their annual trip ; you remember ? " " yes , " say Harry . " how be it protect ? " " I do not know ; I have suspicion that may be entirely wrong . " Dumbledore hesitate , then say , " Harry , I promise you that you could come with me , and I stand by that promise , but it would be very wrong of me not to warn you that this will be exceedingly dangerous . " " I be come , " say Harry , almost before Dumbledore have finish speak . boil with anger at Snape , his desire to do something desperate and risky have increase tenfold in the last few minute . this seem to show on Harry 's face , for Dumbledore move away from the window , and look more closely at Harry , a slight crease between his silver eyebrow . " what have happen to you ? " " nothing , " lie Harry promptly . " what have upset you ? " " I be not upset . " " Harry , you be never a good Occlumens - " the word be the spark that ignite Harry 's fury . " Snape ! " he say , very loudly , and Fawkes give a soft squawk behind them . " Snape 's what be happen ! he tell Voldemort about the prophecy , it be him , he listen outside the door , Trelawney tell me ! " Dumbledore 's expression do not change , but Harry think his face whiten under the bloody tinge cast by the set sun . for a long moment , Dumbledore say nothing . " when do you find out about this ? " he ask at last . " just now ! " say many , who be refrain from yell with enormous difficulty . and then , suddenly , he could not stop himself . " and you LET HIM Teach here and He TOLD VOLDEMORT To Go AFTER My Mum and Dad ! " breathe hard as though he be fight , Harry turn away from Dumbledore , who still have not move a muscle , and pace up and down the study , rub his knuckle in his hand and exercise every last bit of restraint to prevent himself knock thing over . he want to rage and storm at Dumbledore , but he also want to go with him to try and destroy the Horcrux ; he want to tell him that he be a foolish old man for trust Snape , but he be terrify that Dumbledore would not take him along unless he master his anger … " Harry , " say Dumbledore quietly . " please listen to me . " it be as difficult to stop his relentless pace as to refrain from shout . Harry pause , bite his lip , and look into Dumbledore 's line face . " Professor Snape make a terrible - " " do n't tell me it be a mistake , sir , he be listen at the door ! " " please let me finish . " Dumbledore wait until Harry have nod curtly , then go on . " Professor Snape make a terrible mistake . he be still in Lord Voldemort 's employ on the night he hear the first half of Professor Trelawney 's prophecy . naturally , he hasten to tell his master what he have hear , for it concern his master most deeply . but he do not know - he have no possible way of know - which boy Voldemort would hunt from then onwards , or that the parent he would destroy in his murderous quest be people that Professor Snape know , that they be your mother and father - " Harry let out a yell of mirthless laughter . " he hate my dad like he hate Sirius ! have n't you notice , Professor , how the people Snape hate tend to end up dead ? " " you have no idea of the remorse Professor Snape feel when he realize how Lord Voldemort have interpret the prophecy , Harry . I believe it to be the great regret of his life and the reason that he return - " " but he be a very good Occlumens , be n't he , sir ? " say Harry , whose voice be shake with the effort of keep it steady . " and be n't Voldemort convince that Snape 's on his side , even now ? professor … how can you be sure Snape 's on our side ? " Dumbledore do not speak for a moment ; he look as though he be try to make up his mind about something . at last he say , " I be sure . I trust Severus Snape completely . " Harry breathe deeply for a few moment in an effort to steady himself . it do not work . " well , I do n't ! " he say , as loudly as before . " he be up to something with Draco Malfoy right now , right under your nose , and you still - " " we have discuss this , Harry , " say Dumbledore , and now he sound stern again . " I have tell you my view . " " you be leave the school tonight and I will bet you have n't even consider that Snape and Malfoy might decide to - " " to what ? " ask Dumbledore , his eyebrow raise . " what be it that you suspect them of do , precisely ? " " I … they be up to something ! " say Harry and his hand curl into fist as he say it . " Professor Trelawney be just in the Room of Requirement , try to hide her sherry bottle , and she hear Malfoy whooping , celebrate ! he be try to mend something dangerous in there and if you ask me he have fix it at last and you be about to just walk out of school without - " " enough , " say Dumbledore . he say it quite calmly , and yet Harry fall silent at once ; he know that he have finally cross some invisible line . " do you think that I have once leave the school unprotected during my absence this year ? I have not . tonight , when I leave , there will again be additional protection in place . please do not suggest that I do not take the safety of my student seriously , Harry . " " I do n't - " mumble Harry , a little abash , but Dumbledore cut across him . " I do not wish to discuss the matter any further . " Harry bite back his retort , scare that he have go too far , that he have ruin his chance of accompany Dumbledore , but Dumbledore go on , " do you wish to come with me tonight ? " " yes , " say Harry at once . " very well , then : listen . " Dumbledore draw himself up to his full height . " I take you with me on one condition : that you obey any command I might give you at once , and without question . " " of course . " " be sure to understand me , Harry . I mean that you must follow even such order as ' run ' , ' hide ' or ' go back ' . do I have your word ? " " I - yes , of course . " " if I tell you to hide , you will do so ? " " yes . " " if I tell you to flee , you will obey ? " " yes . " " if I tell you to leave me , and save yourself , you will do as I tell you ? " " I - " " Harry ? " they look at each other for a moment . " yes , sir . " " very good . then I wish you to go and fetch your Cloak and meet me in the Entrance Hall in five minute ' time . " Dumbledore turn back to look out of the fiery window ; the sun be now a ruby-red glare along the horizon . Harry walk quickly from the office and down the spiral staircase . his mind be oddly clear all of a sudden . he know what to do . Ron and Hermione be sit together in the common room when he come back . " what do Dumbledore want ? " Hermione say at once . " Harry , be you okay ? " she add anxiously . " I be fine , " say Harry shortly , race past them . he dash up the stair and into his dormitory , where he fling open his trunk and pull out the Marauder 's Map and a pair of balled-up sock . then he step back down the stair and into the common room , skid to a halt where Ron and Hermione sit , look stun . " I have n't get much time , " Harry pant , " Dumbledore think I be get my Invisibility Cloak . listen … " Quickly he tell them where he be go , and why . he do not pause either for Hermione 's gasp of horror or for Ron 's hasty question ; they could work out the fine detail for themselves later . " … so you see what this mean ? " Harry finish at a gallop . " Dumbledore wo n't be here tonight , so Malfoy be go to have another clear shot at whatever he be up to . no , listen to me ! " he hiss angrily , as both Ron and Hermione show every sign of interrupt . " I know it be Malfoy celebrate in the Room of Requirement . here - " he shove the Marauder 's Map into Hermione 's hand . " you have get to watch him and you have get to watch Snape , too . use anyone else who you can rustle up from the da . Hermione , those contact Galleons will still work , right ? Dumbledore say he have put extra protection in the school , but if Snape be involve , he will know what Dumbledore 's protection be , and how to avoid it - but he wo n't be expect you lot to be on the watch , will he ? " " Harry - " begin Hermione , her eye huge with fear . " I have n't get time to argue , " say Harry curtly . " take this as well - " he thrust the sock into Ron 's hand . " thanks , " say Ron . " er - why do I need sock ? " " you need what be wrap in them , it be the Felix Felicis . share it between yourselves and Ginny too . say goodbye to her from me . I will well go , Dumbledore be wait - " " no ! " say Hermione , as Ron unwrap the tiny little bottle of golden potion , look awestruck . " we do n't want it , you take it , who know what you be go to be face ? " " I'Il be fine , I will be with Dumbledore , " say Harry . " I want to know you lot be okay … do n't look like that , Hermione , I will see you later … " and he be off , hurry back through the portrait hole towards the Entrance Hall . Dumbledore be wait beside the oaken front door . he turn as Harry come skid out on to the topmost stone step , pant hard , a searing stitch in his side . " I would like you to wear your Cloak , please , " say Dumbledore , and he wait until Harry have throw it on before say , " Very good . shall we go ? " Dumbledore set off at once down the stone step , his own travel cloak barely stir in the still summer air . Harry hurry alongside him under the Invisibility Cloak , still pant and sweat rather a lot . " but what will people think when they see you leave , Professor ? " Harry ask , his mind on Malfoy and Snape . " that I be off into Hogsmeade for a drink , " say Dumbledore lightly . " I sometimes offer Rosmerta my custom , or else visit the Hog 's Head … or I appear to . it be as good a way as any of disguise one 's true destination . " they make their way down the drive in the gathering twilight . the air be full of the smell of warm grass , lake water and wood smoke from Hagrid 's cabin . it be difficult to believe that they be head for anything dangerous or frightening . " professor , " say Harry quietly , as the gate at the bottom of the drive come into view , " will we be Apparating ? " " yes , " say Dumbledore . " you can Apparate now , I believe ? " " yes , " say Harry , " but I have n't get a licence . " he feel it well to be honest ; what if he spoil everything by turn up a hundred mile from where he be suppose to go ? " no matter , " say Dumbledore , " I can assist you again . " they turn out of the gate into the twilit , desert lane to Hogsmeade . darkness descend fast as they walk and by the time they reach the High Street night be fall in earnest . light twinkle from window over shop and as they near the three broomstick they hear raucous shouting . " - and stay out ! " shout Madam Rosmerta , forcibly eject a grubby-looking wizard . " oh , hello , Albus … you be out late " " good evening , Rosmerta , good evening … forgive me , I be off to the Hog 's Head … no offence , but I feel like a quiet atmosphere tonight … " a minute later they turn the corner into the side street where the Hog 's Head 's sign creak a little , though there be no breeze . in contrast to the three Broomsticks , the pub appear to be completely empty . " it will not be necessary for us to enter , " mutter Dumbledore , glance around . " as long as nobody see us go … now place your hand upon my arm , Harry . there be no need to grip too hard , I be merely guide you . on the count of three - one … two … three … " Harry turn . at once , there be that horrible sensation that he be be squeeze through a thick rubber tube ; he could not draw breath , every part of him be be com-pressed almost past endurance and then , just when he think he must suffocate , the invisible band seem to burst open , and he be stand in cool darkness , breathe in lungfuls of fresh , salty air . chapter TWENTY-SIX The Cave Harry could smell salt and hear rush wave ; a light , chilly breeze ruffle his hair as he look out at moon-lit sea and star-strewn sky . he be stand upon a high outcrop of dark rock , water foam and churn below him . he glance over his shoulder . a towering cliff stand behind them , a sheer drop , black and faceless . a few large chunk of rock , such as the one upon which Harry and Dumbledore be stand , look as though they have break away from the cliff face at some point in the past . it be a bleak , harsh view , the sea and the rock unrelieved by any tree or sweep of grass or sand . " what do you think ? " ask Dumbledore . he might have be ask Harry 's opinion on whether it be a good site for a picnic . " they bring the kid from the orphanage here ? " ask Harry , who could not imagine a less cozy spot for a day trip . " not here , precisely , " say Dumbledore . " there be a village of sort about halfway along the cliff behind us . I believe the orphan be take there for a little sea air and a view of the wave . no , I think it be only ever Tom Riddle and his youthful victim who visit this spot . no Muggle could reach this rock unless they be uncommonly good mountaineer , and boat can approach the cliff , the water around them be too dangerous . I imagine that Riddle climb down ; magic would have serve good than rope . and he bring two small child with him , probably for the pleasure of terrorize them . I think the journey alone would have do it , do n't you ? " Harry look up at the cliff again and feel goose bump . " but his final destination - and ours - lie a little farther on . come . " Dumbledore beckon Harry to the very edge of the rock where a series of jagged niche make foothold lead down to boulder that lay half-submerged in water and close to the cliff . it be a treacherous descent and Dumbledore , hamper slightly by his wither hand , move slowly . the low rock be slippery with seawater . Harry could feel fleck of cold salt spray hit his face . " Lumos , " say Dumbledore , as he reach the boulder close to the cliff face . a thousand fleck of golden light sparkle upon the dark surface of the water a few foot below where he crouch ; the black wall of rock beside him be illuminate too . " you see ? " say Dumbledore quietly , hold his wand a little high . Harry see a fissure in the cliff into which dark water be swirling . " you will not object to get a little wet ? " " no , " say Harry . " then take off your Invisibility Cloak - there be no need for it now - and let us take the plunge , " and with the sudden agility of a much young man , Dumbledore slide from the boulder , land in the sea , and begin to swim , with a perfect breaststroke , toward the dark slit in the rock face , his light wand hold in his tooth . Harry pull off his cloak , stuff it into his pocket , and follow . the water be icy ; Harry 's waterlogged clothes billowed around him and weigh him down . take deep breath that fill his nostril with the tang of salt and seaweed , he strike out for the shimmer , shrink light now move deep into the cliff . the fissure soon open into a dark tunnel that Harry could tell would be fill with water at high tide . the slimy wall be barely three foot apart and glimmer like wet tar in the pass light of Dumbledore 's wand . a little way in , the passageway curve to the left , and Harry see that it extend far into the cliff . he continue to swim in Dumbledore 's wake , the tip of his benumb finger brush the rough , wet rock . then he see Dumbledore rise out of the water ahead , his silver hair and dark robe gleam . when Harry reach the spot he find step that lead into a large cave . he clamber up them , water stream from his soak clothes , and emerge , shiver uncontrollably , into the still and freeze air . Dumbledore be stand in the middle of the cave , his wand hold high as he turn slowly on the spot , examine the wall and ceiling . " yes , this be the place , " say Dumbledore . " how can you tell ? " Harry speak in a whisper . " it have know magic , " say Dumbledore simply . Harry could not tell whether the shiver he be experience be due to his spine-deep coldness or to the same awareness of enchantment . he watch as Dumbledore continue to revolve on the spot , evidently concentrate on thing Harry could not see . " this be merely the antechamber , the entrance hall , " say Dumbledore after a moment or two . " we need to penetrate the inner place … now it be Lord Voldemort 's obstacle that stand in our way , rather than those nature make … " Dumbledore approach the wall of the cave and caress it with his blacken fingertip , murmur word in a strange tongue that Harry do not understand . twice Dumbledore walk right around the cave , touch as much of the rough rock as he could , occasionally pause , run his finger backward and forward over a particular spot , until finally he stop , his hand press flat against the wall . " here , " he say . " we go on through here . the entrance be conceal . " Harry do not ask how Dumbledore know . he have never see a wizard work thing out like this , simply by look and touch ; but Harry have long since learn that bang and smoke be more often the mark of ineptitude than expertise . Dumbledore step back from the cave wall and point his wand at the rock . for a moment , an arched outline appear there , blaze white as though there be a powerful light behind the crack . " you have d-done it ! " say Harry through chatter tooth , but before the word have leave his lip the outline have go , leave the rock as bare and solid as ever . Dumbledore look around . " Harry , I be so sorry , I forget , " he say ; he now point his wand at Harry and at once , Harry 's clothes be as warm and dry as if they have be hang in front of a blaze fire . " thank you , " say Harry gratefully , but Dumbledore have already turn his attention back to the solid cave wall . he do not try any more magic , but simply stand there stare at it intently , as though something extremely interesting be write on it . Harry stay quite still ; he do not want to break Dumbledores concentration . then , after two solid minute , Dumbledore say quietly , " oh , surely not . so crude . " " what be it , Professor ? " " I rather think , " say Dumbledore , put his uninjured hand inside his robe and draw out a short silver knife of the kind Harry use to chop potion ingredient , " that we be require to make payment to pass . " " payment ? " say Harry . " you have get to give the door something ? " " yes , " say Dumbledore . " blood , if I be not much mistake . " " blood ? " " I say it be crude , " say Dumbledore , who sound disdainful , even disappoint , as though Voldemort have fall short of high standard Dumbledore expect . " the idea , as I be sure you will have gather , be that your enemy must weaken him - or herself to enter . once again , Lord Voldemort fail to grasp that there be much more terrible thing than physical injury . " " yeah , but still , if you can avoid it … " say Harry , who have experience enough pain not to be keen for more . " sometimes , however , it be unavoidable , " say Dumbledore , shake back the sleeve of his robe and expose the forearm of his injured hand . " professor ! " protest Harry , hurry forward as Dumbledore raise his knife . " I will do it , I be - " he do not know what he be go to say - young , fit ? but Dumbledore merely smile . there be a flash of silver , and a spurt of scarlet ; the rock face be pepper with dark , glisten drop . " you be very kind , Harry , " say Dumbledore , now pass the tip of his wand over the deep cut he have make in his own arm , so that it heal instantly , just as Snape have heal Malfoy 's wound , " but your blood be worth more than mine . ah , that seem to have do the trick , do n't it ? " the blaze silver outline of an arch have appear in the wall once more , and this time it do not fade away : the blood-spattered rock within it simply vanish , leave an opening into what seem total darkness . " after me , I think , " say Dumbledore , and he walk through the archway with Harry on his heel , light his own wand hastily as he go . an eerie sight meet their eye : they be stand on the edge of a great black lake , so vast that Harry could not make out the distant bank , in a cavern so high that the ceiling too be out of sight . a misty greenish light shine far away in what look like the middle of the lake ; it be reflect in the completely still water below . the greenish glow and the light from the two wand be the only thing that break the otherwise velvety blackness , though their ray do not penetrate as far as Harry would have expect . the darkness be somehow dense than normal darkness . " let us walk , " say Dumbledore quietly . " be very careful not to step into the water . stay close to me . " he set off around the edge of the lake , and Harry follow close behind him . their footstep make echo , slap sound on the narrow rim of rock that surround the water . on and on they walk , but the view do not vary : on one side of them , the rough cavern wall , on the other , the boundless expanse of smooth , glassy blackness , in the very middle of which be that mysterious greenish glow . Harry find the place and the silence oppressive , unnerving . " professor ? " he say finally . " do you think the Horcrux be here ? " " oh yes , " say Dumbledore . " yes , I be sure it be . the question be , how do we get to it ? " " we could n't … we could n't just try a Summoning Charm ? " Harry say , sure that it be a stupid suggestion . but he be much keen than he be prepare to admit on get out of this place as soon as possible . " certainly we could , " say Dumbledore , stop so suddenly that Harry almost walk into him . " why do n't you do it ? " " me ? oh … okay … " Harry have not expect this , but clear his throat and say loudly , wand aloft , " Accio Horcrux ! " with a noise like an explosion , something very large and pale erupt out of the dark water some twenty foot away ; before Harry could see what it be , it have vanish again with a crash splash that make great , deep ripple on the mirror surface . Harry leap backward in shock and hit the wall ; his heart be still thundering as he turn to Dumbledore . " what be that ? " " something , I think , that be ready to respond should we attempt to seize the Horcrux . " Harry look back at the water . the surface of the lake be once more shine black glass : the ripple have vanish unnaturally fast ; Harry 's heart , however , be still pound . " do you think that would happen , sir ? " " I think something would happen if we make an obvious attempt to get our hand on the Horcrux . that be a very good idea , Harry ; much the simple way of find out what we be face . " " but we do n't know what the thing be , " say Harry , look at the sinisterly smooth water . " what the thing be , you mean , " say Dumbledore . " I doubt very much that there be only one of them . shall we walk on ? " " professor ? " " yes , Harry ? " " do you think we be go to have to go into the lake ? " " into it ? only if we be very unfortunate . " " you do n't think the Horcrux be at the bottom ? " " oh no … I think the Horcrux be in the middle . " and Dumbledore point toward the misty green light in the center of the lake . " so we be go to have to cross the lake to get to it ? " " yes , I think so . " Harry do not say anything . his thought be all of water monster , of giant serpent , of demon , kelpie , and sprite … " Aha , " say Dumbledore , and he stop again ; this time , Harry really do walk into him ; for a moment he topple on the edge of the dark water , and Dumbledore 's uninjured hand close tightly around his upper arm , pull him back . " so sorry , Harry , I should have give warning . stand back against the wall , please ; I think I have find the place . " Harry have no idea what Dumbledore mean ; this patch of dark bank be exactly like every other bit as far as he could tell , but Dumbledore seem to have detect something special about it . this time he be run his hand , not over the rocky wall , but t hrough the thin air , as though expect to find and grip something invisible . " Oho , " say Dumbledore happily , second later . his hand have close in midair upon something Harry could not see . Dumbledore move closer to the water ; Harry watch nervously as the tip of Dumbledore 's buckled shoe find the utmost edge of the rock rim . keep his hand clench in midair , Dumbledore raise his wand with the other and tap his fist with the point . immediately a thick coppery green chain appear out of thin air , extend from the depth of the water into Dumbledore 's clench hand . Dumbledore tap the chain , which begin to slide through his fist like a snake , coil itself on the ground with a clink sound that echo noisily off the rocky wall , pull something from the depth of the black water . Harry gasp as the ghostly prow of a tiny boat break the surface , glow as green as the chain , and float , with barely a ripple , toward the place on the bank where Harry and Dumbledore stand . " how do you know that be there ? " Harry ask in astonishment . " Magic always leave trace , " say Dumbledore , as the boat hit the bank with a gentle bump , " sometimes very distinctive trace . I teach Tom Riddle . I know his style . " " be … be this boat safe ? " " oh yes , I think so . Voldemort need to create a mean to cross the lake without attract the wrath of those creature he have place within it in case he ever want to visit or remove his Horcrux . " " so the thing in the water wo n't do anything to us if we cross in Voldemort 's boat ? " " I think we must resign ourselves to the fact that they will , at some point , realize we be not Lord Voldemort . thus far , however , we have do well . they have allow us to raise the boat . " " but why have they let us ? " ask Harry , who could not shake off the vision of tentacle rise out of the dark water the moment they be out of sight of the bank . " Voldemort would have be reasonably confident that none but a very great wizard would have be able to find the boat , " say Dumbledore . " I think he would have be prepare to risk what be , to his mind , the most unlikely possibility that somebody else would find it , know that he have set other obstacle ahead that only he would be able to penetrate . we shall see whether he be right . " Harry look down into the boat . it really be very small . " it do n't look like it be build for two people . will it hold both of us ? will we be too heavy together ? " Dumbledore chuckle . " Voldemort will not have care about the weight , but about the amount of magical power that cross his lake . I rather think an enchantment will have be place upon this boat so that only one wizard at a time will be able to sail in it . " " but then - ? " " I do not think you will count , Harry : you be underage and unqualified . Voldemort would never have expect a sixteen-year-old to reach this place : I think it unlikely that your power will register compare to mine . " these word do nothing to raise Harry morale ; perhaps Dumbledore know it , for he add , " Voldemort 's mistake , Harry , Voldemort 's mistake … Age be foolish and forgetful when it underestimate youth … now , you first this time , and be careful not to touch the water . " Dumbledore stand aside and Harry climb carefully into the boat . Dumbledore step in too , coil the chain onto the floor . they be cram in together ; Harry could not comfortably sit , but crouch , his knee jut over the edge of the boat , which begin to move at once . there be no sound other than the silken rustle of the boat 's prow cleave the water ; it move without their help , as though an invisible rope be pull it onward toward the light in the center . soon they could no longer see the wall of the cavern ; they might have be at sea except that there be no wave . Harry look down and see the reflect gold of his wandlight sparkle and glitter on the black water as they pass . the boat be carve deep ripple upon the glassy surface , groove in the dark mirror … and then Harry see it , marble white , float inch below the surface . " professor ! " he say , and his startle voice echo loudly over the silent water . " Harry ? " " I think I see a hand in the water - a human hand ! " " yes , I be sure you do , " say Dumbledore calmly . Harry stare down into the water , look for the vanish hand , and a sick feeling rise in his throat . " so that thing that jump out of the water - ? " but Harry have his answer before Dumbledore could reply ; the wandlight have slide over a fresh patch of water and show him , this time , a dead man lie faceup inch beneath the surface , his open eye mist as though with cobweb , his hair and his robe swirl around him like smoke . " there be body in here ! " say Harry , and his voice sound much high than usual and most unlike his own . " yes , " say Dumbledore placidly , " but we do not need to worry about them at the moment . " " at the moment ? " Harry repeat , tear his gaze from the water to look at Dumbledore . " not while they be merely drift peacefully below us , " say Dumbledore . " there be nothing to be fear from a body , Harry , any more than there be anything to be fear from the darkness . Lord Voldemort , who of course secretly fear both , disagree . but once again he reveal his own lack of wisdom . it be the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness , nothing more . " Harry say nothing ; he do not want to argue , but he find the idea that there be body float around them and beneath them horrible and , what be more , he do not believe that they be not dangerous . " but one of them jump , " he say , try to make his voice as level and calm as Dumbledore 's . " when I try to Summon the Horcrux , a body leap out of the lake . " " yes , " say Dumbledore . " I be sure that once we take the Horcrux , we shall find them less peaceable . however , like many creature that dwell in cold and darkness , they fear light and warmth , which we shall therefore call to our aid should the need arise . Fire , Harry , " Dumbledore add with a smile , in response to Harry 's bewilder expression . " oh … right … " say Harry quickly . he turn his head to look at the greenish glow toward which the boat be still inexorably sail . he could not pretend now that he be not scare . the great black lake , teem with the dead … it seem hour and hour ago that he have meet Professor Trelawney , that he have give Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis … he suddenly wish he have say a well good-bye to them … and he have n't see Ginny at all … " nearly there , " say Dumbledore cheerfully . sure enough , the greenish light seem to be grow large at last , and within minute , the boat have come to a halt , bump gently into something that Harry could not see at first , but when he raise his illuminate wand he see that they have reach a small island of smooth rock in the center of the lake . " careful not to touch the water , " say Dumbledore again as Harry climb out of the boat . the island be no large than Dumbledore 's office , an expanse of flat dark stone on which stand nothing but the source of that greenish light , which look much bright when view close to . Harry squint at it ; at first , he think it be a lamp of some kind , but then he see that the light be come from a stone basin rather like the Pensieve , which be set on top of a pedestal . Dumbledore approach the basin and Harry follow . side by side , they look down into it . the basin be full of an emerald liq-uid emit that phosphorescent glow . " what be it ? " ask Harry quietly . " I be not sure , " say Dumbledore . " something more worrisome than blood and body , however . " Dumbledore push back the sleeve of his robe over his blacken hand , and stretch out the tip of his burned finger toward the surface of the potion . " Sir , no , do n't touch - ! " " I can touch , " say Dumbledore , smile faintly . " see ? I can approach any near than this . you try . " Staring , Harry put his hand into the basin and attempt to touch the potion . he meet an invisible barrier that prevent him come within an inch of it . no matter how hard he push , his finger encounter nothing but what seem to be solid and flexible air . " out of the way , please , Harry , " say Dumbledore . he raise his wand and make complicated movement over the surface of the potion , murmur soundlessly . nothing happen , except perhaps that the potion glow a little bright . Harry remain silent while Dumbledore work , but after a while Dumbledore withdraw his wand , and Harry feel it be safe to talk again . " you think the Horcrux be in there , sir ? " " oh yes . " Dumbledore peer more closely into the basin . Harry see his face reflect , upside down , in the smooth surface of the green potion . " but how to reach it ? this potion can be penetrate by hand , Vanished , part , scoop up , or siphon away , nor can it be Transfigured , Charmed , or otherwise make to change its nature . " almost absentmindedly , Dumbledore raise his wand again , twirl it once in midair , and then catch the crystal goblet that he have conjure out of nowhere . " I can only conclude that this potion be suppose to be drink . " " what ? " say Harry . " no ! " " yes , I think so : only by drink it can I empty the basin and see what lie in its depth . " " but what if - what if it kill you ? " " oh , I doubt that it would work like that , " say Dumbledore easily . " Lord Voldemort would not want to kill the person who reach this island . " Harry could n't believe it . be this more of Dumbledore 's insane determination to see good in everyone ? " Sir , " say Harry , try to keep his voice reasonable , " sir , this be Voldemort we be - " " I be sorry , Harry ; I should have say , he would not want to immediately kill the person who reach this island , " Dumbledore correct himself . " he would want to keep them alive long enough to find out how they manage to penetrate so far through his defense and , most importantly of all , why they be so intent upon empty the basin . do not forget that Lord Voldemort believe that he alone know about his Horcruxes . " Harry make to speak again , but this time Dumbledore raise his hand for silence , frown slightly at the emerald liquid , evidently think hard . " undoubtedly , " he say , finally , " this potion must act in a way that will prevent me take the Horcrux . it might paralyze me , cause me to forget what I be here for , create so much pain I be distract , or render me incapable in some other way . this be the case , Harry , it will be your job to make sure I keep drinking , even if you have to tip the potion into my protest mouth . you understand ? " their eye meet over the basin , each pale face light with that strange , green light . Harry do not speak . be this why he have be invite along - so that he could forcefeed Dumbledore a potion that might cause him unendurable pain ? " you remember , " say Dumbledore , " the condition on which I bring you with me ? " Harry hesitate , look into the blue eye that have turn green in the reflect light of the basin . " but what if - ? " " you swear , do you not , to follow any command I give you ? " " yes , but - " " I warn you , do I not , that there might be danger ? " " yes , " say Harry , " but - " " well , then , " say Dumbledore , shake back his sleeve once more and raise the empty goblet , " you have my order . " " why ca n't I drink the potion instead ? " ask Harry desperately . " because I be much old , much clever , and much less valuable , " say Dumbledore . " once and for all , Harry , do I have your word that you will do all in your power to make me keep drinking ? " " could n't - ? " " do I have it ? " " but - " " your word , Harry . " " I - all right , but - " before Harry could make any further protest , Dumbledore lower the crystal goblet into the potion . for a split second , Harry hope that he would not be able to touch the potion with the goblet , but the crystal sink into the surface as nothing else have ; when the glass be full to the brim , Dumbledore lift it to his mouth . " your good health , Harry . " and he drain the goblet . Harry watch , terrify , his hand grip the rim of the basin so hard that his fingertip be numb . " professor ? " he say anxiously , as Dumbledore lower the empty glass . " how do you feel ? " Dumbledore shake his head , his eye close . Harry wonder whether he be in pain . Dumbledore plunge the glass blindly back into the basin , refill it , and drink once more . in silence , Dumbledore drink three gobletsful of the potion . then , halfway through the fourth goblet , he stagger and fall forward against the basin . his eye be still close , his breathing heavy . " Professor Dumbledore ? " say Harry , his voice strain . " can you hear me ? " Dumbledore do not answer . his face be twitch as though he be deeply asleep , but dream a horrible dream . his grip on the goblet be slacken ; the potion be about to spill from it . Harry reach forward and grasp the crystal cup , hold it steady . " professor , can you hear me ? " he repeat loudly , his voice echo around the cavern . Dumbledore pant and then speak in a voice Harry do not recognize , for he have never hear Dumbledore frighten like this . " I do n't want … do n't make me … " Harry stare into the whiten face he know so well , at the crooked nose and half-moon spectacle , and do not know what to do . " … do n't like … want to stop … " moan Dumbledore . " you … you ca n't stop , Professor , " say Harry . " you have get to keep drink , remember ? you tell me you have to keep drinking . here … " hate himself , repulse by what he be do , Harry force the goblet back toward Dumbledore 's mouth and tip it , so that Dumbledore drink the remainder of the potion inside . " no … " he groan , as Harry lower the goblet back into the basin and refill it for him . " I do n't want to … I do n't want to … let me go … " " it be all right , Professor , " say Harry , his hand shake . " its all right , I be here - " " make it stop , make it stop , " moan Dumbledore . " yes … yes , this will make it stop , " lie Harry . he tip the content of the goblet into Dumbledore 's open mouth . Dumbledore scream ; the noise echo all around the vast chamber , across the dead black water . " no , no , no , no , I ca n't , I ca n't , do n't make me , I do n't want to … " " it be all right , Professor , it be all right ! " say Harry loudly , his hand shake so badly he could hardly scoop up the sixth gobletful of potion ; the basin be now half empty . " nothing be happen to you , you be safe , it be n't real , I swear it be n't real - take this , now , take this … " and obediently , Dumbledore drink , as though it be an antidote Harry offer him , but upon drain the goblet , he sink to his knee , shake uncontrollably . " it be all my fault , all my fault , " he sob . " please make it stop , I know I do wrong , oh please make it stop and I will never , never again … " " this will make it stop , Professor , " Harry say , his voice crack as he tip the seventh glass of potion into Dumbledore 's mouth . Dumbledore begin to cower as though invisible torturer surround him ; his flail hand almost knock the refill goblet from Harry 's tremble hand as he moan , " do n't hurt them , do n't hurt them , please , please , it be my fault , hurt me instead … " " here , drink this , drink this , you will be all right , " say Harry desperately , and once again Dumbledore obey him , open his mouth even as he keep his eye tight shut and shake from head to foot . and now he fall forward , scream again , hammer his fist upon the ground , while Harry fill the ninth goblet . " please , please , please , no … not that , not that , I will do anything … " " just drink , Professor , just drink … " Dumbledore drink like a child die of thirst , but when he have finish , he yell again as though his inside be on fire . " no more , please , no more … " Harry scoop up a tenth gobletful of potion and feel the crystal scrape the bottom of the basin . " we be nearly there , Professor . drink this , drink it … " he support Dumbledore 's shoulder and again , Dumbledore drain the glass ; then Harry be on his foot once more , refill the goblet as Dumbledore begin to scream in more anguish than ever , " I want to die ! I want to die ! make it stop , make it stop , I want to die ! " " drink this , Professor . drink this … " Dumbledore drink , and no sooner have he finish than he yell , " Kill Me ! " " this - this one will ! " gasp Harry . " just drink this … it will be over … all over ! " Dumbledore gulp at the goblet , drain every last drop , and then , with a great , rattle gasp , roll over onto his face . " no ! " shout Harry , who have stand to refill the goblet again ; instead he drop the cup into the basin , fling himself down beside Dumbledore , and heave him over onto his back ; Dumbledore 's glass be askew , his mouth agape , his eye close . " No. " say Harry , shake Dumbledore , " no , you be not dead , you say it be n't poison , wake up , wake up - Rennervate ! " he cry , his wand point at Dumbledores chest ; there be a flash of red light but nothing happen . " Rennervate - sir - please - " Dumbledore 's eyelid flicker ; Harry 's heart lept . " Sir , be you - ? " " water , " croak Dumbledore . " water , " pant Harry . " yes - " he leap to his foot and seize the goblet he have drop in the basin ; he barely register the golden locket lie curl beneath it . " Aguamenti ! " he shout , jab the goblet with his wand . the goblet fill with clear water ; Harry drop to his knee beside Dumbledore , raise his head , and bring the glass to his lip - but it be empty . Dumbledore groan and begin to pant . " but I have some - wait - Aguamenti ! " say Harry again , point his wand at the goblet . once more , for a second , clear water gleam within it , but as he approach Dumbledores mouth , the water vanish again . " Sir , I be try , I be try ! " say Harry desperately , but he do not think that Dumbledore could hear him ; he have roll onto his side and be draw great , rattle breath that sound agonize . " Aguamenti - Aguamenti - AGUAMENTI ! " the goblet fill and empty once more . and now Dumbledores breathing be fading . his brain whirl in panic , Harry know , instinctively , the only way leave to get water , because Voldemort have plan it so … he fling himself over to the edge of the rock and plunge the goblet into the lake , bring it up full to the brim of icy water that do not vanish . " Sir - here ! " Harry yell , and lunge forward , he tip the water clumsily over Dumbledore 's face . it be the good he could do , for the icy feeling on his arm not hold the cup be not the linger chill of the water . a slimy white hand have grip his wrist , and the creature to whom it belong be pull him , slowly , backward across the rock . the surface of the lake be no longer mirror-smooth ; it be churn , and everywhere Harry look , white head and hand be emerge from the dark water , man and woman and child with sunken , sightless eye be move toward the rock : an army of the dead rising from the black water . " Petrificus Totalus ! " yell Harry , struggle to cling to the smooth , soak surface of the island as he point his wand at the Inferius that have his arm . it release him , fall backward into the water with a splash ; he scramble to his foot , but many more Inferi be already climb onto the rock , their bony hand claw at its slippery surface , their blank , frosted eye upon him , trail waterlogged rag , sunken face leer . " Petrificus Totalus ! " Harry bellow again , back away as he swipe his wand through the air ; six or seven of them crumple , but more be come toward him . " impedimenta ! Incarcerous ! " a few of them stumble , one or two of them bind in rope , but those climb onto the rock behind them merely step over or on the fall body . still slash at the air with his wand , Harry yell , " Sectumsempra ! SECTUMSEMPRA ! " but though gash appear in their sodden rag and their icy skin , they have no blood to spill : they walk on , unfeeling , their shrunken hand outstretch toward him , and as he back away still farther , he feel arm enclose him from behind , thin , fleshlcv . arm cold as death , and his foot leave the ground as they lift him and begin to carry him , slowly and surely , back to the water , anil he know there would be no release , that he would be drown , and become one more dead guardian of a fragment of Voldemorts shattered soul … but then , through the darkness , fire erupt : crimson and gold , a ring of fire that surround the rock so that the Inferi holding Harry so tightly stumble and falter ; they do not dare pass through the flame to get to the water . they drop Harry ; he hit the ground , slip on the rock , and fall , graze his arm , then scramble back up , raise his wand and stare around . Dumbledore be on his foot again , pale as any of the surround Inferi , but tall than any too , the fire dancing in his eye ; his wand be raise like a torch and from its tip emanate the flame , like a vast lasso , encircle them all with warmth . the Inferi bump into each other , attempt , blindly , to escape the fire in which they be enclose … Dumbledore scoop the locket from the bottom of the stone basin and stow it inside his robe . wordlessly , he gesture to Harry to come to his side . distract by the flame , the Inferi seem unaware that their quarry be leave as Dumbledore lead Harry back to the boat , the ring of fire move with them , around them , the bewilder Inferi accompany them to the water edge , where they slip gratefully back into their dark water . Harry , who be shake all over , think for a moment that Dumbledore might not be able to climb into the boat ; he stagger a little as he attempt it ; all his effort seem to be go into maintain the ring of protective flame around them . Harry seize him and help him back to his seat . once they be both safely jam inside again , the boat begin to move back across the black water , away from the rock , still encircle by that ring of fire , and it seem that the Inferi swarm below them do not dare resurface . " Sir , " pant Harry , " sir , I forget - about fire - they be come at me and I panick - " " Quite understandable , " murmur Dumbledore . Harry be alarm to hear how faint his voice be . they reach the bank with a little bump and Harry leap out , then turn quickly to help Dumbledore . the moment that Dumbledore reach the bank he let his wand hand fall ; the ring of fire vanish , but the Inferi do not emerge again from the water . the little boat sink into the water once more ; clank and tinkle , its chain slither back into the lake too . Dumbledore give a great sigh and lean against the cavern wall . " I be weak … " he say . " do n't worry , sir , " say Harry at once , anxious about Dumbledore 's extreme pallor and by his air of exhaustion . " do n't worry , I will get us back … Lean on me , sir … " and pull Dumbledore 's uninjured arm around his shoulder , Harry guide his headmaster back around the lake , bear most of his weight . " the protection be … after all … well-design , " say Dumbledore faintly . " one alone could not have do it … you do well , very well , Harry … " " do n't talk now , " say Harry , fear how slur Dumbledore 's voice have become , how much his foot drag . " save your energy , sir … we will soon be out of here … " " the archway will have seal again … my knife … " ' " there be no need , I get cut on the rock , " say Harry firmly . " just tell me where … " " here … " Harry wipe his graze forearm upon the stone : have re-ceived its tribute of blood , the archway reopen instantly . they cross the outer cave , and Harry help Dumbledore back into the icy seawater that fill the crevice in the cliff . " it be go to be all right , sir , " Harry say over and over again , more worry by Dumbledore 's silence than he have be by his weakened voice . " we be nearly there … I can Apparate us both back … do n't worry … " " I be not worry , Harry , " say Dumbledore , his voice a little strong despite the freezing water . " I be with you . " chapter TWENTY-SEVEN The Lightning-Struck Tower once back under the starry sky , Harry heave Dumbledore on to the top of the near boulder and then to his foot . sodden and shiver , Dumbledore 's weight still upon him , Harry concentrate hard than he have ever do upon his destination : Hogsmeade . close his eye , grip Dumbledore 's arm as tightly as he could , he step forwards into that feeling of horrible compression . he know it have work before he open his eye : the smell of salt , the sea breeze have go . he and Dumbledore be shiver and drip in the middle of the dark High Street in Hogsmeade . for one horrible moment Harry 's imagination show him more Inferi creep towards him around the side of shop , but he blink and see that noth-ing be stir ; all be still , the darkness complete but for a few streetlamp and light upper window . " we do it , Professor ! " Harry whisper with difficulty ; he suddenly realize that he have a searing stitch in his chest . " we do it ! we get the Horcrux ! " Dumbledore stagger against him . for a moment , Harry think that his inexpert apparition have throw Dumbledore off-balance ; then he see his face , pale and damp than ever in the distant light of a streetlamp . " Sir , be you all right ? " " I have be good , " say Dumbledore weakly , though the corner of his mouth twitch . " that potion … be no health drink … " and to Harry 's horror , Dumbledore sink on to the ground . " Sir - it be okay , sir , you be go to be all right , do n't worry - " he look around desperately for help , but there be nobody to be see and all he could think be that he must somehow get Dumbledore quickly to the hospital wing . " we need to get you up to the school , sir … Madam Pomfrey … " " no , " say Dumbledore . " it be … Professor Snape whom I need … but I do not think … I can walk very far just yet … " " Right - sir , listen - I be go to knock on a door , find a place you can stay - then I can run and get madam - " " Severus , " say Dumbledore clearly . " I need Severus … " " all right then , Snape - but I be go to have to leave you for a moment so I can - " before Harry could make a move , however , he hear run footstep . his heart leap : somebody have see , somebody know they need help - and look around he see Madam Rosmerta scurry down the dark street towards them on high-heeled , fluffy slipper , wear a silk dressing-gown embroider with dragon . " I see you Apparate as I be pull my bedroom curtain ! thank goodness , thank goodness , I could n't think what to - but what be wrong with Albus ? " she come to a halt , pant , and stare down , wide-eyed , at Dumbledore . " he be hurt , " say Harry . " madam Rosmerta , can he come into the three Broomsticks while I go up to the school and get help for him ? " " you ca n't go up there alone ! do n't you realize - have n't you see - ? " " if you help me support him , " say Harry , not listen to her , " I think we can get him inside - " " what have happen ? " ask Dumbledore . " Rosmerta , what be wrong ? " " the - the Dark Mark , Albus . " and she point into the sky , in the direction of Hogwarts . dread flood Harry at the sound of the word … he turn and look . there it be , hang in the sky above the school : the blaze green skull with a serpent tongue , the mark death eater leave behind whenever they have enter a building … wherever they have murder … " when do it appear ? " ask Dumbledore , and his hand clench painfully upon Harry 's shoulder as he struggle to his foot . " must have be minute ago , it be n't there when I put the cat out , but when I get upstairs - " " we need to return to the castle at once , " say Dumbledore . " Rosmerta , " and though he stagger a little , he seem wholly in command of the situation , " we need transport - broom - " " I have get a couple behind the bar , " she say , look very frightened . " shall I run and fetch - ? " " no , Harry can do it . " Harry raise his wand at once . " Accio Rosmerta 's broom . " a second later they hear a loud bang as the front door of the pub burst open ; two broom have shoot out into the street and be race each other to Harry 's side , where they stop dead , quiver slightly , at waist height . " Rosmerta , please send a message to the Ministry , " say Dumbledore , as he mount the broom nearest him . " it might be that nobody within Hogwarts have yet realize anything be wrong … Harry , put on your Invisibility Cloak . " Harry pull his cloak out of his pocket and throw it over himself before mount his broom ; Madam Rosmerta be already totter back towards her pub as Harry and Dumbledore kick off from the ground and rise up into the air . as they speed towards the castle , Harry glance sideways at Dumbledore , ready to grab him should he fall , but the sight of the Dark Mark seem to have act upon Dumbledore like a stimulant : he be bend low over his broom , his eye fix upon the Mark , his long silver hair and beard fly behind him in the night air . and Harry , too , look ahead at the skull , and fear swell inside him like a venomous bubble , compress his lung , drive all other discomfort from his mind … how long have they be away ? have Ron , Hermione and Ginny 's luck run out by now ? be it one of them who have cause the mark to be set over the school , or be it Neville , or Luna , or some other member of the da ? and if it be … he be the one who have tell them to patrol the corridor , he have ask them to leave the safety of their bed … would he be responsible , again , for the death of a friend ? as they fly over the dark , twist lane down which they have walk earlier , Harry hear , over the whistling of the night air in his ear , Dumbledore mutter in some strange language again . he think he understand why as he feel his broom shudder for a moment when they fly over the boundary wall into the ground : Dumbledore be undo the enchantment he himself have set around the castle , so that they could enter at speed . the Dark Mark be glitter directly above the Astronomy Tower , the high of the castle . do that mean the death have occur there ? Dumbledore have already cross the crenellate rampart and be dismount ; Harry land next to him second later and look around . the rampart be desert . the door to the spiral staircase that lead back into the castle be close . there be no sign of a struggle , of a fight to the death , of a body . " what do it mean ? " Harry ask Dumbledore , look up at the green skull with its serpent 's tongue glint evilly above them . " be it the real Mark ? have someone definitely be - Professor ? " in the dim green glow from the Mark Harry see Dumbledore clutch at his chest with his blacken hand . " go and wake Severus , " say Dumbledore faintly but clearly . " tell him what have happen and bring him to me . do nothing else , speak to nobody else and do not remove your Cloak . I shall wait here . " " but - " " you swear to obey me , Harry - go ! " Harry hurry over to the door lead to the spiral staircase , but his hand have only just close upon the iron ring of the door when he hear run footstep on the other side . he look round at Dumbledore , who gesture to him to retreat . Harry back away , draw his wand as he do so . the door burst open and somebody erupt through it and shout : " Expelliarmus ! " Harry 's body become instantly rigid and immobile , and he feel himself fall back against the Tower wall , prop like an unsteady statue , unable to move or speak . he could not understand how it have happen - Expelliarmus be not a Freezing Charm - then , by the light of the Mark , he see Dumbledore 's wand fly in an arc over the edge of the rampart and understand … Dumbledore have wordlessly immobilise Harry , and the second he have take to perform the spell have cost him the chance of defend himself . stand against the rampart , very white in the face , Dumbledore still show no sign of panic or distress . he merely look across at his disarmer and say , " good evening , Draco . " Malfoy step forwards , glance around quickly to check that he and Dumbledore be alone . his eye fall upon the second broom . " who else be here ? " " a question I might ask you . or be you act alone ? " Harry see Malfoy 's pale eye shift back to Dumbledore in the greenish glare of the Mark . " no , " he say . " I have get back-up . there be death eater here in your school tonight . " " well , well , " say Dumbledore , as though Malfoy be show him an ambitious homework project . " very good indeed . you find a way to let them in , do you ? " " yeah , " say Malfoy , who be pant . " right under your nose and you never realize ! " " ingenious , " say Dumbledore . " yet … forgive me … where be they now ? you seem unsupported . " " they meet some of your guard . they be have a fight down below . they wo n't be long … I come on ahead . I - I have get a job to do . " " well , then , you must get on and do it , my dear boy , " say Dumbledore softly . there be silence . Harry stand imprison within his own invisible , paralyzed body , stare at the two of them , his ear strain to hear sound of the Death Eaters ' distant fight , and in front of him , Draco Malfoy do nothing but stare at Albus Dumbledore who , incredibly , smile . " Draco , Draco , you be not a killer . " " how do you know ? " say Malfoy at once . he seem to realize how childish the word have sound ; Harry see him flush in the Mark 's greenish light . " you do n't know what I be capable of , " say Malfoy more forcefully , " you do n't know what I have do ! " " oh , yes , I do , " say Dumbledore mildly . " you almost kill Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley . you have be try , with increase desperation , to kill me all year . forgive me , Draco , but they have be feeble attempt … so feeble , to be honest , that I wonder whether your heart have be really in it … " " it have be in it ! " say Malfoy vehemently . " I have be work on it all year , and tonight - " somewhere in the depth of the castle below Harry hear a muffle yell . Malfoy stiffen and glance over his shoulder . " somebody be put up a good fight , " say Dumbledore conversationally . " but you be say … yes , you have manage to introduce death eater into my school which , I admit , I think impossible … how do you do it ? " but Malfoy say nothing : he be still listen to whatever be happen below and seem almost as paralyse as Harry be . " perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone , " suggest Dumbledore . " what if your backup have be thwart by my guard ? as you have perhaps realize , there be member of the order of the Phoenix here tonight , too . and after all , you do n't really need help … I have no wand at the moment … I can defend myself . " Malfoy merely stare at him . " I see , " say Dumbledore kindly , when Malfoy neither move nor speak . " you be afraid to act until they join you . " " I be not afraid ! " snarl Malfoy , though he still make no move to hurt Dumbledore . " it be you who should be scare ! " " but why ? I do n't think you will kill me , Draco . kill be not nearly as easy as the innocent believe … so tell me , while we wait for your friend … how do you smuggle them in here ? it seem to have take you a long time to work out how to do it . " Malfoy look as though he be fight down the urge to shout , or to vomit . he gulp and take several deep breath , glare at Dumbledore , his wand point directly at the latter 's heart . then , as though he could not help himself , he say , " I have to mend that break Vanishing Cabinet that no one be use for year . the one Montague get lose in last year . " " Aaaah . " Dumbledore 's sigh be half a groan . he close his eye for a moment . " that be clever … there be a pair , I take it ? " " the other be in Borgin and Burkes , " say Malfoy , " and they make a kind of passage between them . Montague tell me that when he be stick in the Hogwarts one , he be trap in limbo but sometimes he could hear what be go on at school , and sometimes what be go on in the shop , as if the Cabinet be travel between them , but he could n't make anyone hear him … in the end he manage to Apparate out , even though he have never pass his test . he nearly die do it . everyone think it be a really good story , but I be the only one who realize what it mean - even Borgin do n't know - I be the one who realize there could be a way into Hogwarts through the Cabinets if I fix the break one . " " very good , " murmur Dumbledore . " so the Death Eaters be able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into the school to help you … a clever plan , a very clever plan … and , as you say , right under my nose … " " Yeah , " say Malfoy who , bizarrely , seem to draw courage and comfort from Dumbledore 's praise . " yeah , it be ! " " but there be time , " Dumbledore go on , " be n't there , when you be not sure you would succeed in mend the Cabinet ? and you resort to crude and badly judge measure such as send me a cursed necklace that be bind to reach the wrong hand … poison mead there be only the slight chance I might drink … " " Yeah , well , you still do n't realize who be behind that stuff , do you ? " sneer Malfoy , as Dumbledore slide a little down the rampart , the strength in his leg apparently fade , and Harry struggle fruitlessly , mutely , against the enchantment bind him . " as a matter of fact , I do , " say Dumbledore . " I be sure it be you . " " why do n't you stop me , then ? " Malfoy demand . " I try , Draco . Professor Snape have be keep watch over you on my order - " " he have n't be do your order , he promise my mother - - " " of course that be what he would tell you , Draco , but - " " he be a double-agent , you stupid old man , he be n't work for you , you just think he be ! " " we must agree to differ on that , Draco . it so happen that I trust Professor Snape - " " well , you be lose your grip , then ! " sneer Malfoy . " he have be offer me plenty of help - want all the glory for himself - want a bit of the action - ' what be you do ? do you do the necklace , that be stupid , it could have blow everything - ' but I have n't tell him what I have be do in the Room of Requirement , he be go to wake up tomorrow and it will all be over and he wo n't be the Dark Lord 's favorite any more , he will be nothing compare to me , nothing ! " " very gratifying , " say Dumbledore mildly . " we all like appreciation for our own hard work , of course … but you must have have an accomplice , all the same … someone in Hogsmeade , someone who be able to slip Katie the - the - aaaah " Dumbledore close his eye again and nod , as though he be about to fall asleep . " … of course … Rosmerta . how long have she be under the Imperius Curse ? " " get there at last , have you ? " Malfoy taunt . there be another yell from below , rather loud than the last . Malfoy look nervously over his shoulder again , then back at Dumbledore , who go on , " so poor Rosmerta be force to lurk in her own bathroom and pass that necklace to any Hogwarts student who enter the room unaccompanied ? and the poison mead … well , naturally , Rosmerta be able to poison it for you before she send the bottle to Slughorn , believe that it be to be my Christmas present … yes , very neat … very neat … poor Mr. Filch would not , of course , think to check a bottle of Rosmerta 's … tell me , how have you be communicate with Rosmerta ? I think we have all method of communication in and out of the school monitor . " " enchant coin , " say Malfoy , as though he be compel to keep talk , though his wand hand be shake badly . " I have one and she have the other and I could send her message - " " be n't that the secret method of communication the group that call themselves Dumbledore 's Army use last year ? " ask Dumbledore . his voice be light and conversational , but Harry see him slip an inch lower down the wall as he say it . " yeah , I get the idea from them , " say Malfoy , with a twisted smile . " I get the idea of poison the mead from the Mudblood Granger , as well , I hear her talking in the library about Filch not recognise potion … " " Please do not use that offensive word in front of me , " say Dumbledore . Malfoy give a harsh laugh . " you care about me say ' Mudblood ' when I be about to kill you ? " " yes , I do , " say Dumbledore , and Harry see his foot slide a little on the floor as he struggle to remain upright . " but as for be about to kill me , Draco , you have have several long minute now . we be quite alone . I be more defenseless than you can have dream of find me , and still you have not act … " Malfoy 's mouth contort involuntarily , as though he have taste something very bitter . " now , about tonight , " Dumbledore go on , " I be a little puzzle about how it happen … you know that I have leave the school ? but of course , " he answer his own question , " Rosmerta see me leave , she tip you off use your ingenious coin , I be sure … " " that be right , " say Malfoy . " but she say you be just go for a drink , you will be back … " " well , I certainly do have a drink … and I come back … after a fashion , " mumble Dumbledore . " so you decide to spring a trap for me ? " " we decide to put the dark mark over the Tower and get you to hurry up here , to see who have be kill , " say Malfoy . " and it work ! " " well … yes and no … " say Dumbledore . " but be I to take it , then , that nobody have be murder ? " " someone be dead , " say Malfoy and his voice seem to go up an octave as he say it . " one of your people … I do n't know who , it be dark … I step over the body … I be suppose to be wait up here when you get back , only your Phoenix lot get in the way … " " Yes , they do that , " say Dumbledore . there be a bang and shout from below , loud than ever ; it sound as though people be fight on the actual spiral staircase that lead to where Dumbledore , Malfoy and Harry stand , and Harry 's heart thunder unheard in his invisible chest … someone be dead … Malfoy have step over the body … but who be it ? " there be little time , one way or another , " say Dumbledore . " so let us discuss your option , Draco . " " my option ! " say Malfoy loudly . " I be stand here with a wand - I be about to kill you - " " my dear boy , let us have no more pretence about that . if you be go to kill me , you would have do it when you first dsarmed me , you would not have stop for this pleasant chat about way and mean . " " I have n't get any option ! " say Malfoy , and he be suddenly as white as Dumbledore . " I have get to do it ! he will kill me ! he will kill my whole family ! " " I appreciate the difficulty of your position , " say Dumbledore . " why else do you think I have not confront you before now ? because I know that you would have be murder if Lord Voldemort realize that I suspect you . " Malfoy wince at the sound of the name . " I do not dare speak to you of the mission with which I know you have be entrust , in case he use Legilimency against you , " continue Dumbledore . " but now at last we can speak plainly to each other … no harm have be do , you have hurt nobody , though you be very lucky that your unintentional victim survive … I can help you , Draco . " " no , you ca n't , " say Malfoy , his wand hand shake very badly indeed . " nobody can . he tell me to do it or he will kill me . I have get no choice . " " come over to the right side , Draco , and we can hide you more completely than you can possibly imagine . what be more , I can send member of the order to your mother tonight to hide her likewise . your father be safe at the moment in Azkaban … when the time come we can protect him too … come over to the right side , Draco … you be not a killer … " Malfoy stare at Dumbledore . " but I get this far , do n't I ? " he say slowly . " they think I will die in the attempt , but I be here … and you be in my power … I be the one with the wand … you be at my mercy … " " no , Draco , " say Dumbledore quietly . " it be my mercy , and not yours , that matter now . " Malfoy do not speak . his mouth be open , his wand hand still tremble . Harry think he see it drop by a fraction - but suddenly footstep be thunder up the stair and a second later Malfoy be buffet out of the way as four people in black robe burst through the door on to the rampart . still paralyse , his eye stare unblinkingly , Harry gaze in terror upon four stranger : it seem the Death Eaters have win the fight below . a lumpy-looking man with an odd lopsided leer give a wheezy giggle . " Dumbledore corner ! " he say , and he turn to a stocky little woman who look as though she could be his sister and who be grin eagerly . " Dumbledore Wandless , Dumbledore alone ! well do , Draco , well do ! " " good evening , Amycus , " say Dumbledore calmly , as though welcome the man to a tea party . " and you have bring Alecto too … charming … " the woman give an angry little titter . " think your little joke will help you on your death bed , then ? " she jeer . " joke ? no , no , these be manner , " reply Dumbledore . " do it , " say the stranger stand nearest to Harry , a big , rangy man with matted grey hair and whisker , whose black Death Eater 's robe look uncomfortably tight . he have a voice like none that Harry have ever hear : a rasping bark of a voice . Harry could smell a powerful mixture of dirt , sweat and , unmistakeably , of blood come from him . his filthy hand have long yellowish nail . " be that you , Fenrir ? " ask Dumbledore . " that be right , " rasp the other . " please to see me , Dumbledore ? " " no , I can say that I be … " Fenrir Greyback grin , show pointed tooth . blood trickle down his chin and he lick his lip slowly , obscenely . " but you know how much I like kid , Dumbledore . " " be I to take it that you be attack even without the full moon now ? this be most unusual … you have develop a taste for human flesh that can be satisfy once a month ? " " that be right , " say Greyback . " shock you , that , do it , Dumbledore ? frighten you ? " " well , I can pretend it do not disgust me a little , " say Dumbledore . " and , yes , I be a little shock that Draco here invite you , of all people , into the school where his friend live … " " I do n't , " breathe Malfoy . he be not look at Greyback ; he do not seem to want to even glance at him . " I do n't know he be go to come - " " I would n't want to miss a trip to Hogwarts , Dumbledore , " rasp Greyback . " not when there be throat to be rip out … delicious , delicious … " and he raise a yellow fingernail and pick at his front tooth , leer at Dumbledore . " I could do you for afters , Dumbledore … " " no , " say the fourth death eater sharply . he have a heavy , brutal-looking face . " we have get order . Draco be get to do it . now , Draco , and quickly . " Malfoy be show less resolution than ever . he look terrify as he stare into Dumbledore 's face , which be even pale , and rather low than usual , as he have slide so far down the rampart wall . " he be not long for this world anyway , if you ask me ! " say the lopsided man , to the accompaniment of his sister 's wheeze giggle . " look at him - what be happen to you , then , Dumby ? " " oh , weak resistance , slow reflex , Amycus , " say Dumbledore . " old age , in short … one day , perhaps , it will happen to you … if you be lucky … " " what be that mean , then , what be that mean ? " yell the Death Eater , suddenly violent . " always the same , be n't yeh , Dumby , talk and do nothing , nothing , I do n't even know why the Dark Lord be bother to kill yeh ! come on , Draco , do it ! " but at that moment , there be renewed sound of scuffle from below and a voice shout , " they have block the stair - Reducto ! REDUCTO ! " Harry 's heart leap : so these four have not eliminate all opposition , but merely break through the fight to the top of the Tower , and , by the sound of it , create a barrier behind them - " now , Draco , quickly ! " say the brutal-faced man angrily . but Malfoy 's hand be shake so badly that he could barely aim . " I will do it , " snarl Greyback , move towards Dumbledore with his hand outstretch , his tooth bare . " I say no ! " shout the brutal-faced man ; there be a flash of light and the werewolf be blast out of the way ; he hit the rampart and stagger , look furious . Harry 's heart be hammer so hard it seem impossible that nobody could hear him stand there , imprison by Dumbledore 's spell - if he could only move , he could aim a curse from under the Cloak - " Draco , do it , or stand aside so one of us - " screech the woman , but at that precise moment the door to the rampart burst open once more and there stand Snape , his wand clutch in his hand as his black eye sweep the scene , from Dumbledore slump against the wall , to the four death eater , include the enraged werewolf , and Malfoy . " we have get a problem , Snape , " say the lumpy Amycus , whose eye and wand be fix alike upon Dumbledore , " the boy do n't seem able - " but somebody else have speak Snape 's name , quite softly . " Severus … " the sound frighten Harry beyond anything he have experience all evening . for the first time , Dumbledore be plead . Snape say nothing , but walk forwards and push Malfoy roughly out of the way . the three Death Eaters fall back without a word . even the werewolf seem cow . Snape gaze for a moment at Dumbledore , and there be revulsion and hatred etch in the harsh line of his face . " Severus … please … " Snape raise his wand and point it directly at Dumbledore . " Avada Kedavra ! " a jet of green light shot from the end of Snape 's wand and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest . Harry 's scream of horror never leave him ; silent and unmove , he be force to watch as Dumbledore be blast into the air : for a split second he seem to hang suspend beneath the shine skull , and then he fall slowly backwards , like a great rag doll , over the battlement and out of sight . chapter TWENTY-EIGHT Flight of the Prince Harry feel as though he too be hurtle through space ; it have not happen … it could not have happen … " out of here , quickly , " say Snape . he seize Malfoy by the scruff of the neck and force him through the door ahead of the rest ; Greyback and the squat brother and sister follow , the latter both pant excitedly . as they vanish through the door , Harry realize he could move again . what be now hold him paralyzed against the wall be not magic , but horror and shock . he throw the Invisibility Cloak aside as the brutal-faced Death Eater , last to leave the tower top , be disappear through the door . " Petrificus Totalus ! " the Death Eater buckle as though hit in the back with something solid and fall to the ground , rigid as a waxwork , but he have barely hit the floor when Harry be clamber over him and run down the darken staircase . terror tear at Harry 's heart … he have to get to Dumbledore and he have to catch Snape … Somehow the two thing be link … he could reverse what have happen if he have them both together … Dumbledore could not have die … he leap the last ten step of the spiral staircase and stop where he land , his wand raise . the dimly light corridor be full of dust ; half the ceiling seem to have fall in ; and a battle be rage before him , but even as he attempt to make out who be fight whom , he hear the hate voice shout , " it be over , time to go ! " and see Snape disappear around the corner at the far end of the corridor ; he and Malfoy seem to have force their way through the fight unscathed . as Harry plunge after them , one of the fighter detach themselves from the fray and fly at him : it be the werewolf , Fenrir . he be on top of Harry before Harry could raise his wand : Harry fall backward , with filthy matted hair in his face , the stench of sweat and blood fill his nose and mouth , hot greedy breath at his throat - " Petrificus Totalus ! " Harry feel Fenrir collapse against him ; with a stupendous effort he push the werewolf off and onto the floor as a jet of green light come fly toward him ; he duck and run , headfirst , into the fight . his foot meet something squashy and slippery on the floor and he stumble : there be two body lie there , lie facedown in a pool of blood , but there be no time to investigate . Harry now see red hair fly like flame in front of him : Ginny be lock in combat with the lumpy Death Eater , Amycus , who be throw hex after hex at her while she dodge them : Amycus be giggle , enjoy the sport : " Crucio - Crucio - you ca n't dance forever , pretty- " " Impedimenta ! " yell Harry . his jinx hit Amycus in the chest : he give a piglike squeal of pain , be lift off his foot and slam into the opposite wall , slide down it , and fall out of sight behind Ron , Professor McGonagall , and Lupin , each of whom be battle a separate Death Eater . beyond them , Harry see Tonks fight an enormous blond wizard who be send curse fly in all direction , so that they ricochet off the wall around them , crack stone , shatter the near window - " Harry , where do you come from ? " Ginny cry , but there be no time to answer her . he put his head down and sprint forward , narrowly avoid a blast that erupt over his head , shower them all in bit of wall . Snape must not escape , he must catch up with Snape - " take that ! " shout Professor McGonagall , and Harry glimpse the female Death Eater , Alecto , sprint away down the corridor with her arm over her head , her brother right behind her . he launch himself after them but his foot catch on something , and next moment he be lie across someone 's leg . look around , he see Neville 's pale , round face flat against the floor . " Neville , be you - ? " " M'all right , " mutter Neville , who be clutch his stomach , " Harry … Snape ' n ' Malfoy … run past … " " I know , I be on it ! " say Harry , aim a hex from the floor at the enormous blond death eater who be cause most of the chaos . the man give a howl of pain as the spell hit him in the face : he wheel around , staggered , and then pound away after the brother and sister . Harry scramble up from the floor and begin to sprint along the corridor , ignore the bang issue from behind him , the yell of the other to come back , and the mute call of the figure on the ground whose fate he do not yet know … he skid around the corner , his trainer slippery with blood ; Snape have an immense head start . be it possible that he have already enter the cabinet in the Room of Requirement , or have the order make step to secure it , to prevent the Death Eaters retreat that way ? he could hear nothing but his own pound foot , his own hammering heart as he sprint along the next empty corridor , but then spot a bloody footprint that show at least one of the flee death eater be head toward the front door - perhaps the Room of Requirement be indeed block - he skid around another corner and a curse fly past him ; he dive behind a suit of armor that explode . he see the brother and sister run down the marble staircase ahead and aim jinx at them , but merely hit several bewigged witch in a portrait on the landing , who run screech into neighboring painting . as he leap the wreckage of armor , Harry hear more shout and scream ; other people within the castle seem to have awake … he pelt toward a shortcut , hope to overtake the brother and sister and close in on Snape and Malfoy , who must surely have reach the ground by now . remember to leap the vanish step halfway down the conceal staircase , he burst through a tapestry at the bottom and out into a corridor where a number of bewilder and pajama-clad Hufflepuffs stand . " Harry ! we hear a noise , and someone say something aboui the dark mark - " begin Ernie Macmillan . " out of the way ! " yell Harry , knock two boy aside as he sprint toward the landing and down the remainder of the marble staircase . the oak front door have be blast open , there be smear of blood on the flagstone , and several terrify student stand huddle against the wall , one or two still cower with their arm over their face . the giant Gryffindor hourglass have be hit by a curse , and the ruby within be still fall , with a loud rattle , onto the flagstone below . Harry fly across the entrance hall and out into the dark ground : he could just make out three figure race across the lawn , head for the gate beyond which they could Disapparate - by the look of them , the huge blond death eater and , some way ahead of him , Snape and Malfoy … the cold night air rip at Harry 's lung as he tear after them ; he see a flash of light in the distance that momentarily silhouette his quarry . he do not know what it be but continue to run , not yet near enough to get a good aim with a curse - another flash , shout , retaliatory jet of light , and Harry understand : Hagrid have emerge from his cabin and be try to stop the Death Eaters escape , and though every breath seem to shred his lung and the stitch in his chest be like fire , Harry speed up as an unbidden voice in his head say : not Hagrid … not Hagrid too … something catch Harry hard in the small of the back and he fall forward , his face smack the ground , blood pour out of both nostril : he know , even as he roll over , his wand ready , that the brother and sister he have overtake use his shortcut be close in behind him … " Impedimenta ! " he yell as he roll over again , crouch close to the dark ground , and miraculously his jinx hit one of them , who stumble and fall , trip up the other ; Harry leap to his foot and sprint on after Snape . and now he see the vast outline of Hagrid , illuminate by the light of the crescent moon reveal suddenly behind cloud ; the blond Death Eater be aim curse after curse at the gamekeeper ; but Hagrids immense strength and the toughen skin he have inherit from his giantess mother seem to be protect him . Snape and Malfoy , however , be still run ; they would soon be beyond the gate , able to Disapparate - Harry tear past Hagrid and his opponent , take aim at Snape 's back , and yell , " Stupefy ! " he miss ; the jet of red light soar past Snape 's head ; Snape shout , " Run , Draco ! " and turn . twenty yard apart , he and Harry look at each other before raise their wand simultaneously . " Cruc - " but Snape parry the curse , knock Harry backward off his foot before he could complete it ; Harry roll over and scramble back up again as the huge death eater behind him yell , " Incendio ! " Harry hear an explosive bang and a dance orange light spill over all of them : Hagrid 's house be on fire . " Fang 's in there , yer evil - ! " Hagrid bellow . " Cruc - " yell Harry for the second time , aim for the figure ahead illuminate in the dancing firelight , but Snape block the spell again . Harry could see him sneering . " no unforgivable curse from you , Potter ! " he shout over the rush of the flame , Hagrid 's yell , and the wild yelp of the trapped Fang . " you have n't get the nerve or the ability - " " Incarc - " Harry roar , but Snape deflect the spell with an almost lazy flick of his arm . " fight back ! " Harry scream at him . " fight back , you cowardly - " " Coward , do you call me , Potter ? " shout Snape . " your father would never attack me unless it be four on one , what would you call him , I wonder ? " " stupe - " " block again and again and again until you learn to keep your mouth shut and your mind close , Potter ! " sneer Snape , deflect the curse once more . " now come ! " he shout at the huge Death Eater behind Harry . " it be time to be go , before the Ministry turn up - " " Impedi - " but before he could finish this jinx , excruciate pain hit Harry ; he keel over in the grass . someone be scream , he would surely die of this agony , Snape be go to torture him to death or madness - " no ! " roar Snape 's voice and the pain stop as suddenly as it have start ; Harry lie curl on the dark grass , clutch his wand and pant ; somewhere overhead Snape be shout , " have you forget our order ? Potter belong to the Dark Lord - we be to leave him ! go ! go ! " and Harry feel the ground shudder under his face as the brother and sister and the enormous Death Eater obey , run toward the gate . Harry utter an inarticulate yell of rage : in that instant , he care not whether he live or die . push himself to his foot again , he stagger blindly toward Snape , the man he now hate as much as he hate Voldemort himself - " Sectum - ! " Snape flick his wand and the curse be repel yet again ; but Harry be mere foot away now and he could see Snape 's face clearly at last : he be no longer sneer or jeer ; the blaze flame show a face full of rage . muster all his power of concentration , Harry think , Levi - " no , Potter ! " scream Snape . there be a loud Bang and Harry be soar backward , hit the ground hard again , and this time his wand fly out of his hand . he could hear Hagrid yell and Fang howl as Snape close in and look down on him where he lie , wandless and defenseless as Dumbledore have be . Snape 's pale face , illuminate by the flaming cabin , be suffuse with hatred just as it have be before he have curse Dumbledore . " you dare use my own spell against me , Potter ? it be I who invent them - I , the HalfBlood Prince ! and you will turn my invention on me , like your filthy father , would you ? I do n't think so … no ! " Harry have dive for his wand ; Snape shoot a hex at it and it fly foot away into the darkness and out of sight . " kill me then , " pant Harry , who feel no fear at all , but only rage and contempt . " kill me like you kill him , you coward - " " do N'T - " scream Snape , and his face be suddenly demented , inhuman , as though he be in as much pain as the yelp , howl dog stick in the burning house behind them - " CALL Me Coward ! " and he slash at the air : Harry feel a white-hot , whiplike something hit him across the face and be slam backward into the ground . spot of light burst in front of his eye and for a moment all the breath seem to have go from his body , then he hear a rush of wing above him and something enormous obscure the star . Buckbeak have flow at Snape , who stagger backward as the razor-sharp claw slash at him . as Harry raise himself into a sit position , his head still swim from its last contact with the ground , he see Snape run as hard as he could , the enormous beast flap behind him and screech as Harry have never hear him screech - Harry struggle to his foot , look around groggily for his wand , hope to give chase again , but even as his finger fumble in the grass , discard twig , he know it would be too late , and sure enough , by the time he have locate his wand , he turn only to see the hippogriff circle the gate . Snape have manage to Disapparate just beyond the school 's boundary . " Hagrid , " mutter Harry , still daze , look around . " HAGRID ? " he stumble toward the burning house as an enormous figure emerge from out of the flame carry Fang on his back . with a cry of thankfulness , Harry sink to his knee ; he be shake in every limb , his body ache all over , and his breath come in painful stab . " Yeh all righ ' , Harry ? Yeh all righ ' ? speak ter me , Harry … " Hagrids huge , hairy face be swim above Harry , block out the star . Harry could smell burnt wood and dog hair ; he put out a hand and feel Fang 's reassuringly warm and alive body quiver beside him . " I be all right , " pant Harry . " be you ? " " ' Course I be … take more'n that ter finish me . " Hagrid put his hand under Harry 's arm and raise him up with such force that Harry 's foot momentarily leave the ground before Hagrid set him upright again . he could see blood trickle down Hagrid 's cheek from a deep cut under one eye , which be swell rapidly . " we should put out your house , " say Harry , " the charm 's ' Aguamenti ' … " " Knew it be summat like that , " mumble Hagrid , and he raise a smolder pink , flowery umbrella and say , " Aguamenti ! " a jet of water fly out of the umbrella tip . Harry raise his wand arm , which feel like lead , and murmur " Aguamenti " too : together , he and Hagrid pour water on the house until the last flame be extinguish . " S'not too bad , " say Hagrid hopefully a few minute later , look at the smoking wreck . " Nothin Dumbledore won ' be able to put righ ' … " Harry feel a searing pain in his stomach at the sound of the name . in the silence and the stillness , horror rise inside him . " Hagrid … " " I be bindin ' up a couple o ' bowtruckle leg when I hear ' em come , " say Hagrid sadly , still stare at his wreck cabin . " they will bin burnt ter twig , poor little thing … " " Hagrid … " " but what happen , Harry ? I jus ' see them Death Eaters runnin down from the castle , but what the ruddy hell be Snape doin ' with ' em ? where have he go - be he chasin ' them ? " " he … " Harry clear his throat ; it be dry from panic and the smoke . " Hagrid , he kill … " " Killed ? " say Hagrid loudly , stare down at Harry . " Snape kill ? what be yeh on abou ' Harry ? " " Dumbledore , " say Harry . " Snape kill … Dumbledore . " Hagrid simply look at him , the little of his face that could be see completely blank , uncomprehending . " Dumbledore Wha , Harry ? " " he be dead . Snape kill him … " " Don ' say that , " say Hagrid roughly . " Snape kill Dumbledore - don ' be stupid , Harry . Wha 's make yeh say tha ' ? " " I see it happen . " " Yeh couldn ' have . " " I see it , Hagrid . " Hagrid shake his head ; his expression be disbelieve but sympathetic , and Harry know that Hagrid think he have sustain a blow to the head , that he be confuse , perhaps by the aftereffect of a jinx … " what musta happen be , Dumbledore musta tell Snape ter go with them death eater , " Hagrid say confidently . " I suppose he have gotta keep his cover . look , let be get yeh back up ter the school . come on , Harry … " Harry do not attempt to argue or explain . he be still shake uncontrollably . Hagrid would find out soon enough , too soon … as they direct their step back toward the castle , Harry see that many of its window be light now . he could imagine , clearly , the scene inside as people move from room to room , tell each other that Death Eaters have get in , that the Mark be shine over Hogwarts , that somebody must have be kill … the oak front door stand open ahead of them , light flood out onto the drive and the lawn . slowly , uncertainly , dressing-gowned people be creep down the step , look around nervously for some sign of the Death Eaters who have flee into the night . Harry 's eye , however , be fix upon the ground at the foot of the tall tower . he imagine that he could see a black , huddle mass lie in the grass there , though he be really too far away to see anything of the sort . even as he stare wordlessly at the place where he think Dumbledore 's body must lie , however , he see people begin to move toward it . " what be they all lookin ' at ? " say Hagrid , as he and Harry approach the castle front , Fang keep as close as he could to their ankle . " Wha be that lyin ' on the grass ? " Hagrid add sharply , head now toward the foot of the Astronomy Tower , where a small crowd be congregate . " see it , Harry ? right at the foot of the tower ? under where the Mark … Blimey … Yeh don ' think someone get throw - ? " Hagrid fall silent , the thought apparently too horrible to express aloud . Harry walk alongside him , feel the ache and pain in his face and his leg where the various hex of the last half hour have hit him , though in an oddly detach way , as though somebody near him be suffer them . what be real and inescapable be the awful press feeling in his chest … he and Hagrid move , dreamlike , through the murmur crowd to the very front , where the dumbstruck student and teacher have leave a gap . Harry hear Hagrid 's moan of pain and shock , but he do not stop ; he walk slowly forward until he reach the place where Dumbledore lie and crouch down beside him . he have know there be no hope from the moment that the full Body-Bind Curse Dumbledore have place upon him lift , know that it could have happen only because its caster be dead , but there be still no preparation for see him here , spread-eagle , break : the great wizard Harry have ever , or would ever , meet . Dumbledore 's eye be close ; but for the strange angle of his arm and leg , he might have be sleep . Harry reach out , straighten the half-moon spectacles upon the crooked nose , and wipe a trickle of blood from the mouth with his own sleeve . then he gaze down at the wise old face and try to absorb the enormous and incomprehensible truth : that never again would Dumbledore speak to him , never again could he help … the crowd murmur behind Harry . after what seem like a long time , he become aware that he be kneel upon something hard and look down . the locket they have manage to steal so many hour before have fall out of Dumbledore 's pocket . it have open , perhaps due to the force with which it hit the ground . and although he could not feel more shock or horror or sadness than he feel already , Harry know , as he pick it up , that there be something wrong … he turn the locket over in his hand . this be neither as large as the locket he remember see in the Pensieve , nor be there any marking upon it , no sign of the ornate S that be suppose to be Slytherins mark . moreover , there be nothing inside but for a scrap of fold parchment wedge tightly into the place where a portrait should have be . automatically , without really think about what he be do , Harry pull out the fragment of parchment , open it , and read by the light of the many wand that have now be light behind him : to the Dark Lord I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it be I who discover your secret . I have steal the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can . I face death in the hope that when you meet your match you will be mortal once more . R.A.B. Harry neither know nor care what the message mean . only one thing matter : this be not a Horcrux . Dumbledore have weaken himself by drink that terrible potion for nothing . Harry crumple the parchment in his hand , and his eye burn with tear as behind him Fang begin to howl . chapter TWENTY-NINE The Phoenix Lament " C ' mere , Harry … " " No. " " Yeh can ' stay here , Harry … come on , now … " " No. " he do not want to leave Dumbledores side , he do not want to move anywhere . Hagrid 's hand on his shoulder be tremble . then another voice say , " Harry , come on . " a much small and warm hand have enclose his and be pull him upward . he obey its pressure without really think about it . only as he walk blindly back through the crowd do he realize , from a trace of flowery scent on the air , that it be Ginny who be lead him back into the castle . incomprehensible voice batter him , sob and shout and wail stab the night , but Harry and Ginny walk on , back up the step into the entrance hall . face swim on the edge of Harry 's vision , people be peer at him , whisper , wonder , and Gryffindor ruby glisten on the floor like drop of blood as they make their way toward the marble staircase . " we be go to the hospital wing , " say Ginny . " I be not hurt , " say Harry . ! " it be McGonagalls order , " say Ginny . " everyone be up there , Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone - " fear stir in Harry 's chest again : he have forget the inert figure he have leave behind . " Ginny , who else be dead ? " " do n't worry , none of us . " " but the Dark Mark - Malfoy say he step over a body - " " he step over Bill , but its all right , he be alive . " there be something in her voice , however , that Harry know bode ill . " be you sure ? " " of course I be sure … he be a - a bit of a mess , that be all . greyback attack him . madam Pomfrey say he wo n't - wo n't look the same anymore … " Ginny 's voice tremble a little . " we do n't really know what the aftereffect will be - I mean , greyback be a werewolf , but not transform at the time . " " but the other … there be other body on the ground … " " Neville and Professor Flitwick be both hurt , but Madam Pomfrey say they will be all right . and a Death Eater 's dead , he get hit by a Killing Curse that huge blond one be fire off everywhere - Harry , if we have n't have your Felix potion , I think we will all have be kill , but everything seem to just miss us - " they have reach the hospital wing . push open the door , Harry see Neville lie , apparently asleep , in a bed near the door . Ron , Hermione , Luna , Tonks , and Lupin be gather around another bed near the far end of the ward . at the sound of the door opening , they all look up . Hermione run to Harry and hug him ; Lupin move forward too , look anxious . " be you all right , Harry ? " " I be fine … how be Bill ? " nobody answer . Harry look over Hermione 's shoulder and see an unrecognizable face lie on Bill 's pillow , so badly slash and rip that he look grotesque . madam Pomfrey be dab at his wound with some harsh-smelling green ointment . Harry remember how Snape have mend Malfoy 's Sectumsempra wound so easily with his wand . " can n't you fix them with a charm or something ? " he ask the matron . " no charm will work on these , " say Madam Pomfrey . " I have try everything I know , but there be no cure for werewolf bite . " " but he be n't bite at the full moon , " say Ron , who be gaze down into his brother 's face as though he could somehow force him to mend just by stare . " greyback have n't transform , so surely Bill wo n't be a - a real - ? " he look uncertainly at Lupin . " no , I do n't think that Bill will be a true werewolf , " say Lupin , " but that do not mean that there wo n't be some contamination . those be cursed wound . they be unlikely ever to heal fully , and - and Bill might have some wolfish characteristic from now on . " " Dumbledore might know something that will work , though , " Ron say . " where be he ? bill fight those maniac on Dumbledore 's order , Dumbledore owe him , he ca n't leave him in this state - " " Ron - Dumbledores dead , " say Ginny . " no ! " lupin look wildly from Ginny to Harry , as though hope the latter might contradict her , but when Harry do not , Lupin collapse into a chair beside Bill 's bed , his hand over his face . Harry have never see Lupin lose control before ; he feel as though he be intrude upon something private , indecent . he turn away and catch Ron 's eye instead , exchange in silence a look that confirm what Ginny have say . " how do he die ? " whisper Tonks . " how do it happen ? " " Snape kill him , " say Harry . " I be there , I see it . we arrive back on the Astronomy Tower because that be where the mark be … Dumbledore be ill , he be weak , but I think he realize it be a trap when we hear footstep run up the stair . he immobilize me , I could n't do anything , I be under the Invisibility Cloak - and then Malfoy come through the door and disarm him - " Hermione clap her hand to her mouth and Ron groan . Luna 's mouth tremble . " - more death eater arrive - and then Snape - and Snape do it . the Avada Kedavra . " Harry could n't go on . madam Pomfrey burst into tear . nobody pay her any attention except Ginny , who whisper , " Shh ! listen ! " gulp , Madam Pomfrey press her finger to her mouth , her eye wide . somewhere out in the darkness , a phoenix be sing in a way Harry have never hear before : a stricken lament of terrible beauty . and Harry feel , as he have feel about phoenix song before , that the music be inside him , not without : it be his own grief turn magically to song that echo across the ground and through the castle window . how long they all stand there , listen , he do not know , nor why it seem to ease their pain a little to listen to the sound of their mourning , but it feel like a long time later that the hospital door open again and Professor McGonagall enter the ward . like all the rest , she bear mark of the recent battle : there be graze on her face and her robe be rip . " Molly and Arthur be on their way , " she say , and the spell of the music be break : everyone rouse themselves as though come out of trance , turn again to look at Bill , or else to rub their own eye shake their head . " Harry , what happen ? accord to Hagrid you be with Professor Dumbledore when he - when it happen . he say Professor Snape be involve in some - " " Snape kill Dumbledore , " say Harry . she stare at him for a moment , then sway alarmingly ; Madam Pomfrey , who seem to have pull herself together , run forward , conjure a chair from thin air , which she push under McGonagall . " Snape , " repeat McGonagall faintly , fall into the chair . " we all wonder … but he trust … always … Snape … I ca n't believe it … " " Snape be a highly accomplish Occlumens , " say Lupin , his voice uncharacteristically harsh . " we always know that . " " but Dumbledore swear he be on our side ! " whisper Tonks . " I always think Dumbledore must know something about Snape that we do n't … " " he always hint that he have an ironclad reason for trust Snape , " mutter Professor McGonagall , now dab at the corner of her leak eye with a tartan-edged handkerchief . " I mean … with Snapes history … of course people be bind to wonder … but Dumbledore tell me explicitly that Snape 's repentance be absolutely genuine - Would n't hear a word against him ! " " I will love to know what Snape tell him to convince him , " say Tonks . " I know , " say Harry , and they all turn to look at him . " Snape pass Voldemort the information that make Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad . then Snape tell Dumbledore he have n't realize what he be do , he be really sorry he have do it , sorry that they be dead . " they all stare at him . " and Dumbledore believe that ? " say Lupin incredulously . " Dumbledore believe Snape be sorry James be dead ? Snape hate James … " " and he do n't think my mother be worth a damn either , " say Harry , " because she be Muggle-born … ' Mudblood , ' he call her … " nobody ask how Harry know this . all of them seem to be lose in horrify shock , try to digest the monstrous truth of what have happen . " this be all my fault , " say Professor McGonagall suddenly . she look disorient , twist her wet handkerchief in her hand . " my fault . I send Filius to fetch Snape tonight , I actually send for him to come and help us ! if I have n't alert Snape to what be go on , he might never have join force with the Death Eaters . I do n't think he know they be there before Filius tell him , I do n't think he know they be come . " " it be n't your fault , Minerva , " say Lupin firmly . " we all want more help , we be glad to think Snape be on his way … " " so when he arrive at the fight , he join in on the Death Eaters ' side ? " ask Harry , who want every detail of Snape 's duplicity and infamy , feverishly collect more reason to hate him , to swear vengeance . " I do n't know exactly how it happen , " say Professor McGonagall distractedly . " it be all so confusing … Dumbledore have tell us that he would be leave the school for a few hour and that we be to patrol the corridor just in case … Remus , Bill , and Nymphadora be to join us … and so we patrol . all seem quiet . every secret passageway out of the school be cover . we know nobody could fly in . there be powerful enchantment on every entrance into the castle . I still do n't know how the Death Eaters can possibly have enter … " " I do , " say Harry , and he explain , briefly , about the pair of Vanishing Cabinets and the magical pathway they form . " so they get in through the Room of Requirement . " almost against his will he glance from Ron to Hermione , both of whom look devastated . " I mess up , Harry , " say Ron bleakly . " we do like you tell us : we check the Marauder 's Map and we could n't see Malfoy on it , so we think he must be in the Room of Requirement , so me , Ginny , and Neville go to keep watch on it … but Malfoy get past us . " " he come out of the room about an hour after we start keep watch , " say Ginny . " he be on his own , clutch that awful shrivel arm - " " his Hand of Glory , " say Ron . " give light only to the holder , remember ? " " anyway , " Ginny go on , " he must have be check whether the coast be clear to let the death eater out , because the moment he see us he throw something into the air and it all go pitch-black - " " - Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder , " say Ron bitterly . " Fred and George 's . I be go to be have a word with them about who they let buy their product . " " we try everything , Lumos , Incendio , " say Ginny . " nothing would penetrate the darkness ; all we could do be grope our way out of the corridor again , and meanwhile we could hear people rush past us . obviously Malfoy could see because of that hand thing and be guide them , but we do n't dare use any curse or anything in case we hit each other , and by the time we have reach a corridor that be light , they have go . " " luckily , " say Lupin hoarsely , " Ron , Ginny , and Neville run into us almost immediately and tell us what have happen . we find the Death Eaters minute later , head in the direction of the Astronomy Tower . Malfoy obviously have n't expect more people to be on the watch ; he seem to have exhaust his supply of Darkness Powder , at any rate . a fight break out , they scatter and we give chase . one of them , Gibbon , break away and head up the tower stairs - " " to set off the Mark ? " ask Harry . " he must have do , yes , they must have arrange that before they leave the Room of Requirement , " say Lupin . " but I do n't think Gibbon like the idea of wait up there alone for Dumbledore , because he come run back downstairs to rejoin the fight and be hit by a Killing Curse that just miss me . " " so if Ron be watch the Room of Requirement with Ginny and Neville , " say Harry , turn to Hermione , " be you - ? " " outside Snape 's office , yes , " whisper Hermione , her eye sparkling with tear , " with Luna . we hang around for age outside it and nothing happen … we do n't know what be go on upstairs , Ron have take the map - it be nearly midnight when Professor Flitwick come sprint down into the dungeon . he be shout about Death Eaters in the castle , I do n't think he really register that Luna and I be there at all , he just burst his way into Snape 's office and we hear him say that Snape have to go back with him and help and then we hear a loud thump and Snape come hurtle out of his room and he see us and - and - " " what ? " Harry urge her . " I be so stupid , Harry ! " say Hermione in a high-pitched whisper . " he say Professor Flitwick have collapse and that we should go and take care of him while he - while he go to help fight the Death Eaters - " she cover her face in shame and continue to talk into her finger , so that her voice be muffle . " we go into his office to see if we could help Professor Flitwick and find him unconscious on the floor … and oh , it be so obvious now , Snape must have Stupefied Flitwick , but we do n't realize , Harry , we do n't realize , we just let Snape go ! " " it be not your fault , " say Lupin firmly . " Hermione , have you not obey Snape and get out of the way , he probably would have kill you and Luna . " " so then he come upstairs , " say Harry , who be watch Snape run up the marble staircase in his mind 's eye , his black robe billow behind him as ever , pull his wand from under his cloak as he ascend , " and he find the place where you be all fight … " " we be in trouble , we be lose , " say Tonks in a low voice . " Gibbon be down , but the rest of the Death Eaters seem ready to fight to the death . Neville have be hurt , Bill have be savage by Greyback … it be all dark … curse fly everywhere … the Malfoy boy have vanish , he must have slip past , up the stair … then more of them run after him , but one of them block the stair behind them with some kind of curse … Neville run at it and get throw up into the air - " " none of us could break through , " say Ron , " and that massive Death Eater be still fire off jinx all over the place , they be bounce off the wall and barely miss us … " " and then Snape be there , " say Tonks , " and then he be n't - " " I see him run toward us , but that huge Death Eaters jinx just miss me right afterward and I duck and lose track of thing , " say Ginny . " I see him run straight through the cursed barrier as though it be n't there , " say Lupin . " I try to follow him , but be throw back just like Neville … " " he must have know a spell we do n't , " whisper McGonagall . " after all - he be the defense against the Dark Arts teacher … I just assume that he be in a hurry to chase after the Death Eaters who have escape up to the tower … " " he be , " say Harry savagely , " but to help them , not to stop them … and I will bet you have to have a Dark Mark to get through that barrier - so what happen when he come back down ? " " well , the big Death Eater have just fire off a hex that cause half the ceiling to fall in , and also break the curse block the stair , " say Lupin . " we all run forward - those of us who be still stand anyway - and then Snape and the boy emerge out of the dust - obviously , none of us attack them - " " we just let them pass , " say Tonks in a hollow voice . " we think they be be chase by the Death Eaters - and next thing , the other Death Eaters and Greyback be back and we be fight again - I think I hear Snape shout something , but I do n't know what - " " he shout , ' it be over , ' " say Harry . " he have do what he have mean to do . " they all fall silent . Fawkes 's lament be still echo over the dark ground outside . as the music reverberate upon the air , unbidden , unwelcome thought slink into Harry 's mind … have they take Dumbledore 's body from the foot of the tower yet ? what would happen to it next ? where would it rest ? he clench his fist tighdy in his pocket . he could feel the small cold lump of the fake Horcrux against the knuckle of his right hand . the door of the hospital wing burst open , make them all jump : Mr. and Mrs. Weasley be stride up the ward , Fleur just behind them , her beautiful face terrify . " Molly - Arthur - " say Professor McGonagall , jump up and hurry to greet them . " I be so sorry - " " Bill , " whisper Mrs. Weasley , dart past Professor McGonagall as she catch sight of Bill 's mangle face . " oh , Bill ! " lupin and Tonks have get up hastily and retreat so that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could get near to the bed . Mrs. Weasley bent over her son and press her lip to his bloody forehead . " you say Greyback attack him ? " Mr. Weasley ask Professor McGonagall distractedly . " but he have n't transform ? so what do that mean ? what will happen to Bill ? " " we do n't yet know , " say Professor McGonagall , look helplessly at Lupin . " there will probably be some contamination , Arthur,".said Lupin . " it be an odd case , possibly unique … we do n't know what his behavior might be like when he awaken … " Mrs. Weasley take the nasty-smelling ointment from Madam Pomfrey and begin dab at Bill 's wound . " and Dumbledore … " say Mr. Weasley . " Minerva , be it true … be he really … ? " as Professor McGonagall nod , Harry feel Ginny move beside him and look at her . her slightly narrow eye be fix upon Fleur , who be gaze down at Bill with a frozen expression on her face . " Dumbledore go , " whisper Mr. Weasley , but Mrs. Weasley have eye only for her eldest son ; she begin to sob , tear fall onto Bill 's mutilate face . " of course , it do n't matter how he look … it be not r-really important … but he be a very handsome little b-boy … always very handsome … and he be g-going to be marry ! " " and what do you mean by zat ? " say Fleur suddenly and loudly . " what do you mean , ' he be go to be marry ? ' " Mrs. Weasley raise her tear-stained face , look startle . " well - only that - " " you theenk Bill will not wish to marry me anymore ? " demand Fleur . " you theenk , because of these bite , he will not love me ? " " no , that be not what I - " " because ' e will ! " say Fleur , draw herself up to her full height and throw back her long mane of silver hair . " it would take more zan a werewolf to stop Bill love me ! " " well , yes , I be sure , " say Mrs. Weasley , " but I think perhaps - give how - how he - " " you think I would not weesh to marry him ? or per'aps , you hope ? " say Fleur , her nostril flare . " what do I care how he look ? I be good-looking enough for both of us , I theenk ! all these scar show be zat my husband be brave ! and I shall do zat ! " she add fiercely , push Mrs. Weasley aside and snatch the ointment from her . Mrs. Weasley fall back against her husband and watch Fleur mop up Bill 's wound with a most curious expression upon her face . nobody say anything ; Harry do not dare move . like everybody else , he be wait for the explosion . " our Great-Auntie Muriel , " say Mrs. Weasley after a long pause , " have a very beautiful tiara - goblin-made - which I be sure I could persuade her to lend you for the wedding . she be very fond of Bill , you know , and it would look lovely with your hair . " " thank you , " say Fleur stiffly . " I be sure zat will be lovely . " and then , Harry do not quite see how it happen , both , woman be cry and hug each other . completely bewilder , wonder whether the world have go mad , he turn around : Ron look as stun as he feel and Ginny and Hermione be exchange startle look . " you see ! " say a strained voice . tonk be glaring at Lupin . " she still want to marry him , even though he have be bite ! she do n't care ! " it be different , " say Lupin , barely move his lip and look suddenly tense . " bill will not be a full werewolf . the case be completely - " " but I do n't care either , I do n't care ! " say Tonks , seize the front of Lupin 's robe and shake them . " I have tell you a million time … " and the meaning of Tonks 's Patronus and her mouse-colored hair , and the reason she have come run to find Dumbledore when she have hear a rumor someone have be attack by Greyback , all suddenly become clear to Harry ; it have not be Sirius that Tonks have fall in love with after all . " and I have tell you a million time , " say Lupin , refuse to meet her eye , stare at the floor , " that I be too old for you , too poor … too dangerous … " " I have say all along you be take a ridiculous line on this , Remus , " say Mrs. Weasley over Fleur 's shoulder as she pat her on the back . " I be not be ridiculous , " say Lupin steadily . " Tonks deserve somebody young and whole . " " but she want you , " say Mr. Weasley , with a small smile . " and after all , Remus , young and whole man do not necessarily remain so . " he gesture sadly at his son , lie between them . " this be … not the moment to discuss it , " say Lupin , avoid everybody 's eye as he look around distractedly . " Dumbledore be dead … " " Dumbledore would have be happy than anybody to think that there be a little more love in the world , " say Professor McGonagall curtly , just as the hospital door open again and Hagrid walk in . the little of his face that be not obscure by hair or beard be soak and swollen ; he be shake with tear , a vast , spotted handkerchief in his hand . " I have … I have do it , Professor , " he choke . " M-moved him . Professor Sprout 's get the kid back in bed . Professor Flitwick 's lyin down , but he say he will be all righ ' in a jiffy , an ' Professor Slughorn say the Ministry 's bin inform . " " thank you , Hagrid , " say Professor McGonagall , stand up at once and turn to look at the group around Bill 's bed . " I shall have to see the Ministry when they get here . Hagrid , please tell the Heads of Houses - Slughorn can represent Slytherin - that I want to see them in my office forthwith . I would like you to join us too . " as Hagrid nod , turn , and shuffle out of the room again , she look down at Harry . " before I meet them I would like a quick word with you , Harry . if you will come with me … . " Harry stand up , murmur " see you in a bit " to Ron , Hermione , and Ginny , and follow Professor McGonagall back down the ward . the corridor outside be desert and the only sound be the distant phoenix song . it be several minute before Harry become aware that they be not head for Professor McGonagall 's office , but for Dumbledore 's , and another few second before he realize that of course , she have be deputy headmistress … . apparently she be now headmistress … so the room behind the gargoyle be now hers . in silence they ascend the move spiral staircase and enter the circular office . he do not know what he have expect : that the room would be drape in black , perhaps , or even that Dumbledore 's body might be lie there . in fact , it look almost exactly as it have do when he and Dumbledore have leave it mere hour previously : the silver instrument whir and puff on their spindle legged table , Gryffindor 's sword in its glass case gleam in the moonlight , the Sorting Hat on a shelf behind the desk , the Fawkes 's perch stand empty , he be still cry his lament to the ground . and a new portrait have join the rank of the dead headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts : Dumbledore be slumber in a golden frame over the desk , his half-moon spectacle perch upon his crooked nose , look peaceful and untroubled . after glance once at this portrait , Professor McGonagall make an odd movement as though steel herself , then round the ' desk to look at Harry , her face taut and line . " Harry , " she say , " I would like to know what you and Professor Dumbledore be do this evening when you leave the school . " " I ca n't tell you that , Professor , " say Harry . he have expect the question and have his answer ready . it have be here , in this very room , that Dumbledore have tell him that he be to confide the content of their lesson to nobody but Ron and Hermione . " Harry , it might be important , " say Professor McGonagall . " it be , " say Harry , " very , but he do n't want me to tell anyone . " Professor McGonagall glare at him . " Potter " - Harry register the renewed use of his surname - " in the light of Professor Dumbledore 's death , I think you must see that the situation have change somewhat - " " I do n't think so , " say Harry , shrug . " Professor Dumbledore never tell me to stop follow his order if he die . " " but - " " there be one thing you should know before the Ministry get here though . madam Rosmerta be under the Imperius Curse , she be help Malfoy and the Death Eaters , that be how the necklace and the poison mead - " " Rosmerta ? " say Professor McGonagall incredulously , but before she could go on , there be a knock on the door behind them and Professors Sprout , Flitwick , and Slughorn traipse into the room , follow by Hagrid , who be still weep copiously , his huge frame tremble with grief . " Snape ! " ejaculate Slughorn , who look the most shaken , pale and sweat . " Snape ! I teach him ! I think I know him ! " but before any of them could respond to this , a sharp voice speak from high on the wall : a sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe have just walk back into his empty canvas . " Minerva , the Minister will be here within second , he have just Disapparated from the Ministry . " " thank you , Everard , " say Professor McGonagall , and she turn quickly to her teacher . " I want to talk about what happen to Hogwarts before he get here , " she say quickly . " personally , I be not convince that the school should reopen next year . the death of the headmaster at the hand of one of our colleague be a terrible stain upon Hogwarts 's history . it be horrible . " " I be sure Dumbledore would have want the school to remain open , " say Professor Sprout . " I feel that if a single pupil want to come , then the school ought to remain open for that pupil . " " but will we have a single pupil after this ? " say Slughorn , now dab his sweat brow with a silken handkerchief . " parent will want to keep their child at home and I ca n't say I blame them . personally , I do n't think we be in more danger at Hogwarts than we be anywhere else , but you ca n't expect mother to think like that . they will want to keep their family together , it be only natural . " " I agree , " say Professor McGonagall . " and in any case , it be not true to say that Dumbledore never envisage a situation in which Hogwarts might close . when the Chamber of Secrets reopen he consider the closure of the school - and I must say that Professor Dumbledore 's murder be more disturbing to me than the idea of Slytherin 's monster live undetected in the bowel of the castle … " " we must consult the governor , " say Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice ; he have a large bruise on his forehead but seem otherwise unscathed by his collapse in Snape 's office . " we must follow the established procedure . a decision should not be make hastily . " " Hagrid , you have n't say anything , " say Professor McGonagall . " what be your view , ought Hogwarts to remain open ? " Hagrid , who have be weep silently into his large , spotted handkerchief throughout this conversation , now raise puffy red eye and croak , " I dunno , Professor … that be fer the Heads of House an the headmistress ter decide … " " Professor Dumbledore always value your view , " say Professor McGonagall kindly , " and so do I. " " well , I be stayin , " say Hagrid , fat tear still leak out of the corner of his eye and trickle down into his tangled beard . " it be me home , it be bin me home since I be thirteen . an ' if there be kid who wan ' me ter teach ' em , I will do it . but … I dunno … Hogwarts without Dumbledore … " he gulp and disappear behind his handkerchief once more , and there be silence . " very well , " say Professor McGonagall , glance out of the window at the ground , check to see whether the Minister be yet approach , " then I must agree with Filius that the right thing to do be to consult the governor , who will make the final decision . " now , as to get student home … there be an argument for do it sooner rather than later . we could arrange for the Hogwarts Express to come tomorrow if necessary - " " what about Dumbledore 's funeral ? " say Harry , speak at last . " well … " say Professor McGonagall , lose a little of her briskness as her voice shake . " I - I know that it be Dumbledore 's wish to be lay to rest here , at Hogwarts - " " then that be what will happen , be n't it ? " say Harry fiercely . " if the Ministry think it appropriate , " say Professor McGonagall . " no other headmaster or headmistress have ever be - " " no other headmaster or headmistress ever give more to this school , " growl Hagrid . " Hogwarts should be Dumbledore 's final resting place , " say Professor Flitwick . " absolutely , " say Professor Sprout . " and in that case , " say Harry , " you should n't send the student home until the funeral be over . they will want to say - " the last word catch in his throat , but Professor Sprout complete the sentence for him . " Good-bye . " " well say , " squeak Professor Flitwick . " well say indeed ! our student should pay tribute , it be fitting . we can arrange transport home afterward . " " second , " bark Professor Sprout . " I suppose … yes … " say Slughorn in a rather agitate voice , while Hagrid let out a strangle sob of assent . " he be come , " say Professor McGonagall suddenly , gaze down into the ground . " the Minister … and by the look of it . he have bring a delegation … " " can I leave , Professor ? " say Harry at once . he have no desire at all to see , or be interrogate by , Rufus Scrimgeour tonight . " you may , " say Professor McGonagall . " and quickly . " she stride toward the door and hold it open for him . he speed down the spiral staircase and off along the desert corridor ; he have leave his Invisibility Cloak at the top of the Astronomy Tower , but it do not matter ; there be nobody in the corridor to see him pass , not even Filch , Mrs. Norris , or Peeves . he do not meet another soul until he turn into the passage lead to the Gryffindor common room . " be it true ? " whisper the Fat Lady as he approach her . " it be really true ? Dumbledore - dead ? " " yes , " say Harry . she let out a wail and , without wait for the password , swing forward to admit him . as Harry have suspect it would be , the common room be jam-packed . the room fall silent as he climb through the portrait hole . he see Dean and Seamus sit in a group nearby : this mean that the dormitory must be empty , or nearly so . without speak to anybody , without make eye contact at all , Harry walk straight across the room and through the door to the boy ' dormitory . as he have hope , Ron be wait for him , still fully dress , sit on his bed . Harry sit down on his own four-poster and for a moment , they simply stare at each other . " they be talk about close the school , " say Harry . " lupin say they would , " say Ron . there be a pause . " so ? " say Ron in a very low voice , as though he think the furniture might be listen in . " do you find one ? do you get it ? a - a Horcrux ? " Harry shake his head . all that have take place around that black lake seem like an old nightmare now ; have it really happen , and only hour ago ? " you do n't get it ? " say Ron , look crestfallen . " it be n't there ? " " no , " say Harry . " someone have already take it and leave a fake in its place . " " already take - ? " wordlessly , Harry pull the fake locket from his pocket , open it , and pass it to Ron . the full story could wait … it do not matter tonight … nothing matter except the end , the end of their pointless adventure , the end of Dumbledore 's life … " R.A.B. , " whisper Ron , " but who be that ? " " dunno , " say Harry , lie back on his bed fully clothe and stare blankly upwards . he feel no curiosity at all about R.A.B. : he doubt that he would ever feel curious again . as he lie there , he become aware suddenly that the ground be silent . Fawkes have stop singing . and he know , without know how he know it , that ilie phoenix have go , have leave Hogwarts for good , just as Dumbledore have leave the school , have leave the world … have leave Harry . chapter THIRTY The White Tomb all lesson be suspend , all examination postpone . some student be hurry away from Hogwarts by their parent over the next couple of day - the Patil twin be go before breakfast on the morning follow Dumbledore 's death and Zacharias Smith be escort from the castle by his haughty-looking father . Seamus Finnigan , on the other hand , refuse pointblank to accompany his mother home ; they have a shout match in the Entrance Hall which be resolve when she agree that he could remain behind for the funeral . she have difficulty in find a bed in Hogsmeade , Seamus tell Harry and Ron , for wizard and witch be pour into the village , prepare to pay their last respect to Dumbledore . some excitement be cause among the young student , who have never see it before , when a powder-blue carriage the size of a house , pull by a dozen giant wing palomino , come soar out of the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and land on the edge of the Forest . Harry watch from a window as a gigantic and handsome olive-skinned , black-haired woman descend the carriage step and throw herself into the wait Hagrid 's arm . meanwhile a delegation of Ministry official , include the Minister for Magic himself , be be accommodate within the castle . Harry be diligently avoid contact with any of them ; he be sure that , sooner or later , he would be ask again to account for Dumbledore 's last excursion from Hogwarts . Harry , Ron , Hermione and Ginny be spend all of their time together . the beautiful weather seem to mock them ; Harry could imagine how it would have be if Dumbledore have not die , and they have have this time together at the very end of the year , Ginny 's examination finish , the pressure of homework lift … and hour by hour , he put off say the thing that he know he must say , do what he know it be right to do , because it be too hard to forgo his good source of comfort . they visit the hospital wing twice a day : Neville have be discharge , but Bill remain under Madam Pomfrey 's care . his scar be as bad as ever ; in truth , he now bear a distinct resemblance to Mad-Eye Moody , though thankfully with both eye and leg , but in personality he seem just the same as ever . all that appear to have change be that he now have a great liking for very rare steak . " … so eet ees lucky ' e be marry me , " say Fleur happily , plump up Bill 's pillow , " because ze British overcook their meat , I ' ave always say this . " " I suppose I be just go to have to accept that he really be go to marry her , " sigh Ginny later that evening , as she , Harry , Ron and Hermione sit beside the open window of the Gryffindor common room , look out over the twilit ground , " she be not that bad , " say Harry . " ugly , though , " he add hastily , as Ginny raise her eyebrow , and she let out a reluctant giggle . " well , I suppose if Mum can stand it , I can . " " anyone else we know die ? " Ron ask Hermione , who be peruse the Evening Prophet . Hermione wince at the force toughness in his voice . " no , " she say reprovingly , fold up ihe newspaper . " they be still look for Snape , but no sign … " " of course there be n't , " say Harry , who become angry every lime this subject crop up . " they wo n't find Snape till they find Voldemort , and see as they have never manage to do that in all this time … " " I be go to go to bed , " yawn Ginny . " I have n't be sleep that well since … well … I could do with some sleep . " she kiss Harry ( Ron look away pointedly ) , wave at the other two and depart for the girl ' dormitory . the moment the door have close behind her , Hermione lean forwards towards Harry with a most Hermione-ish look on her face . " Harry , I find something out this morning , in the library … " " R.A.B. ? " say Harry , silling up straight . he do not feel the way he have so often feel before , excited , curious , burn to get to the bottom of a mystery ; he simply know that the task of discover the truth about the real Horcrux have to be complete before he could move a little further along the dark and wind path stretch ahead of him , the path that he and Dumbledore have set out upon together , and which he now know he would have to journey alone . there might still be as many as four Horcruxes out there somewhere and each would need to be find and elim-inated before there be even a possibility that Voldemort could be kill . he keep recite their name to himself , as though by list them he could bring them within reach : the locket. . , the cup … the snake … something of Gryffindor 's or Ravenclaw 's … the locket … the cup … the snake … something of Gryffindor 's or Ravenclaw 's … this mantra seem to pulse through Harry 's mind as he fall asleep at night , and his dream be thick with cup , locket and mysterious object that he could not quite reach , though Dumbledore helpfully offer Harry a rope ladder that turn to snake the moment he begin to climb … he have show Hermione the note inside the locket the morning after Dumbledore 's death , and although she have not immediately recognise the initial as belong to some obscure wizard about whom she have be read , she have since be rush off to the library a little more often than be strictly necessary for somebody who have no homework to do . " no , " she say sadly , " I have be try , Harry , but I have n't find anything … there be a couple of reasonably well-known wizard with those initial - Rosalind Antigone Bungs … Rupert ' Axebanger ' Brookstanton … but they do n't seem to fit at all . judge by that note , the person who steal the Horcrux know Voldemort , and I ca n't find a shred of evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever have anything to do with him … no , actually , it be about … well , Snape . " she look nervous even say the name again . " what about him ? " ask Harry heavily , slump back in his chair . " well , it be just that I be sort of right about the Half-Blood Prince business , " she say tentatively . " D'you have to rub it in , Hermione ? how do you think I feel about that now ? " " no - no - Harry , I do n't mean that ! " she say hastily , look around to check that they be not be overhear . " it be just that I be right about Eileen Prince once own the book . you see … she be Snape 's mother ! " " I think she be n't much of a looker , " say Ron . Hermione ignore him . " I be go through the rest of the old Prophets and there be a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince marry a man call Tobias Snape , and then later an announcement say that she have give birth to a - " " - murderer , " spit Harry . " well … yes , " say Hermione . " so … I be sort of right . Snape must have be proud of be ' half a Prince ' , you see ? Tobias Snape be a Muggle from what it say in the Prophet " " Yeah , that fit , " say Harry . " he will play up the pure-blood side so he could get in with Lucius Malfoy and the rest of them … he be just like Voldemort . Pure-blood mother , Muggle father … ashamed of his parentage , try to make himself fear use the Dark Arts , give himself an impressive new name - Lord Voldemort - the Half-Blood Prince - how could Dumbledore have miss - ? " he break off , look out of the window . he could not stop himself dwelling upon Dumbledore 's inexcusable trust in Snape … but as Hermione have just inadvertently remind him , he , Harry , have be take in just the same … in spite of the increase nastiness of those scribble spell , he have refuse to believe ill of the boy who have be so clever , who have help him so much … help him … it be an almost unendurable thought , now … " I still do n't get why he do n't turn you in for use that book , " say Ron . " he must have know where you be get it all from . " " he know , " say Harry bitterly . " he know when I use Sectumsempra . he do n't really need Legilimency … he might even have know before then , with Slughom talk about how brilliant I be at potion … should n't have leave his old book in the bottom of that cupboard , should he ? " " but why do n't he turn you in ? " " I do n't ihink he want to associate himself with that book , " say Hermione . " I do n't think Dumbledore would have like it very much if he have know . and even if Snape pretend it have n't be his , Slughorn would have recognise his writing at once . anyway , the book be leave in Snape 's old classroom , and I will bet Dumbledore know his mother be call ' Prince ' . " " I should have show the book to Dumbledore , " say Harry . " all that time he be show me how Voldemort be evil even when he be at school , and I have proof Snape be , too - " " ' Evil ' be a strong word , " say Hermione quietly . " you be the one who keep tell me the book be dangerous ! " " I be try to say , Harry , that you be pull too much blame on yourself . I think the Prince seem to have a nasty sense of humour , but I would never have guess he be a potential killer … " " none of us could have guess Snape would … you know , " say Ron . silence fall between them , each of them lose in their own thought , but Harry be sure that they , like him , be think about the follow morning , when Dumbledore 's body would be lay to rest . Harry have never attend a funeral before ; there have be no body to bury when Sirius have die . he do not know what to expect and be a little worry about what he might see , about how he would feel . he wonder whether Dumbledore 's death would be more real to him once the funeral be over . though he have moment when the horrible fact of it threaten to overwhelm him , there be blank stretch of numbness where , despite the fact that nobody be talk about anything else in the whole castle , he still find it difficult to believe that Dumbledore have really go . admittedly he have not , as he have with Sirius , look desperately for some kind of loophole , some way that Dumbledore would come back … he feel in his pocket for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux , which he now carry with him everywhere , not as a talisman , but as a reminder of what it have cost and what remain still to do . Harry rise early to pack the next day ; the Hogwarts Express would be leave an hour after the funeral . downstairs he find the mood in the Great Hall subdue . everybody be wear their dress robe and no one seem very hungry . Professor McGonagall have leave the thronelike chair in the middle of the staff table empty . Hagrid 's chair be desert too : Harry think that perhaps he have not be able to face breakfast ; but Snape 's place have be unceremoniously fill by Rufus Scrimgeour . Harry avoid his yellowish eye as they scan the Hall ; Harry have the uncomfortable feeling that Scrimgeour be look for him . among Scrimgeour 's entourage Harry spot the red hair and horn-rimmed glass of Percy Weasley . Ron give no sign that he be aware of Percy , apart from stab piece of kipper with unwonted venom . over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle be mutter together . hulk boy though they be , they look oddly lonely without the tall , pale figure of Malfoy between them , boss them around . Harry have not spare Malfoy much think . his animosity be all for Snape , but he have not forget the fear in Malfoy 's voice on that Tower top , nor the fact that he have lower his wand before the other Death Eaters arrive . Harry do not believe that Malfoy would have kill Dumbledore . he despise Malfoy still for his infatuation with the Dark Arts , but now the tiny drop of pity mingle with his dislike . where , Harry wonder , be Malfoy now , and what be Voldemort make him do under threat of kill him and his parent ? Harry 's thought be interrupt by a nudge in the rib from Ginny . Professor McGonagall have rise to her foot and the mournful hum in the Hall die away at once . " it be nearly time , " she say . " please follow your Heads of House out into the ground . Gryffindors , after me . " they file out from behind their bench in near silence . Harry glimpse Slughorn at the head of the Slytherin column , wear magnificent long emerald-green robe embroider with silver . he have never see Professor Sprout , Head of the Hufflepuffs , look so clean ; there be not a single patch on her hat , and when they reach the Entrance Hall , they find Madam Pince standing beside Filch , she in a thick black veil that fall to her knee , he in an ancient black suit and tie reek-ing of mothbails . they be head , as Harry see when he step out on to the stone step from the front door , towards the lake . the warmth of the sun caress his face as they follow Professor McGonagall in silence to the place where hundred of chair have be set out in row . an aisle run down the centre of them : there be a marble table standing at the front , all chair face it . it be the most beautiful summer 's day . an extraordinary assortment of people have already settle into half of the chair : shabby and smart , old and young . most Harry do not recognise , but there be a few that he do , include member of the order of the Phoenix : Kingsley Shacklebolt , Mad-Eye Moody , Tonks , her hair miraculously return to vivid pink , Remus Lupin , with whom she seem to be hold hand , Mr. and Mrs. Weasley , Bill support by Fleur and follow by Fred and George , who be wear jacket of black dragonskin . then there be Madame Maxime , who take up twoand-a-half chair on her own , Tom , the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron , Arabella Figg , Harry 's Squib neighbour , the hairy bass player from the wizardmg group the Weird Sisters , Ernie Prang , driver of the Knight Bus , Madam Malkin , of the robe shop in Diagon Alley , and some people whom Harry merely know by sight , such as the barman of the Hog 's Head and the witch who push the trolley on the Hogwarts Express . the castle ghost be there too , barely visible in the bright sunlight , discernible only when they move , shimmer insubstantially in the gleam air . Harry , Ron , Hermione and Ginny file into seat at the end of a row beside the lake . people be whisper to each other ; it sound like a breeze in the grass , but the birdsong be loud by far . the crowd continue to swell ; with a great rush of affection for both of them , Harry see Neville be help into a seat by Luna . they alone of all the D.A. have respond to Hermione 's summons the night that Dumbledore have die , and Harry know why : they be the one who have miss the D.A. most … probably the one who have check their coin regularly in the hope that there would be another meeting . Cornelius Fudge walk past them towards the front row , his expression miserable , twirl his green bowler hat as usual ; Harry next recognise Rita Skeeter , who , he be infuriate to see , have a notebook clutch in her red-taloned hand ; and then , with a bad jolt of fury , Dolores Umbridge , an unconvincing expression of grief upon her toadlike face , a black velvet bow set atop her iron-colored curl . at the sight of the centaur Firenze , who be stand like a sentinel near the water 's edge , she give a start and scurry hastily into a seat a good distance away . the staff be seat at last . Harry could see Scrimgeour look grave and dignified in the front row with Professor McGonagall . he wonder whether Scrimgeour or any of these important people be really sorry that Dumbledore be dead . but then he hear music , strange , otherworldly music , and he forget his dislike of the Ministry in look around for the source of it . he be not the only one : many head be turn , search , a little alarm . " in there , " whisper Ginny in Harry 's ear . and he see them in the clear green sunlit water , inch below the surface , remind him horribly of the Inferi ; a chorus of merpeople singing in a strange language he do not understand , their pallid face ripple , their purplish hair flow all around them . the music make the hair on Harry 's neck stand up and yet it be not unpleasant . it speak very clearly of loss and of despair . as he look down into the wild face of the singer he have the feeling that they , at least , be sorry for Dumbledore 's passing . then Ginny nudge him again and he look round . Hagrid be walk slowly up the aisle between the chair . he be cry quite silently , his face gleam with tear , and in his arm , wrap in purple velvet spangle with golden star , be what Harry know to be Dumbledore 's body . a sharp pain rise in Harry 's throat at this sight : for a moment , the strange music and the knowledge that Dumbledore 's body be so close seem to take all warmth from the day . Ron look white and shocked . tear be fall thick and fast into both Ginny and Hermione 's lap . they could not see clearly what be happen at the front . Hagrid seem to have place the body carefully upon the table . now he retreat down the aisle , blow his nose with loud trumpet noise that draw scandalise look from some , include , Harry see , Dolores Umbridge … but Harry know that Dumbledore would not have care . he try to make a friendly gesture to Hagrid as he pass , but Hagrid 's eye be so swell it be a wonder he could see where he be go . Harry glance at the back row to which Hagrid be head and realize what be guide him , for there , dress in a jacket and trousers each the size of a small marquee , be the giant Grawp , his great ugly boulder-like head bow , docile , almost human . Hagrid sit down next to his half-brother and Grawp pat Hagrid hard on the head , so that his chair leg sink into the ground . Harry have a wonderful momentary urge to laugh . but then the music stop and he turn to face the front again . a little tufty-haired man in plain black robe have get to his foot and stand now in front of Dumbledore 's body . Harry could not hear what he be say . odd word float back to them over the hundred of bead . " nobility of spirit " … " intellectual contribution " … " greatness of heart " … it do not mean very much . it have little to do with Dumbledore as Harry have know him . he suddenly remember Dumbledore 's idea of a few word : " nitwit " , " oddment " , " blubber " and " tweak " , and again , have to suppress a grin … what be the matter with him ? there be a soft splash noise to his left and he see that the merpeople have break the surface to listen , too . he remember Dumbledore crouch at the water 's edge two year ago , very close to where Harry now sit , and converse in Mermish with the Merchieftainess . Harry wonder where Dumbledore have learn Mermish . there be so much he have never ask him , so much he should have say … and then , without warning , it sweep over him , the dreadful truth , more completely and undeniably than it have until now . Dumbledore be dead , go … he clutch the cold locket in his hand so tightly that it hurt , but he could not prevent hot tear spill from his eye : he look away from Ginny and the other and stare out over the lake , towards the Forest , as the little man in black drone on … there be movement among the tree . the centaur have come to pay their respect , too . they do not move into the open but Harry see them stand quite still , halfhidden in shadow , watch the wizard , their bow hang at their side . and Harry remember his first nightmarish trip into the Forest , the first time he have ever encounter the thing that be then Voldemort , and how he have face him , and how he and Dumbledore have discuss fight a lose battle not long thereafter . it be important , Dumbledore say , to fight , and fight again , and keep fight , for only then could evil be keep at bay , though never quite eradicate … and Harry see very clearly as he sit there under the hot sun how people who care about him have stand in front of him one by one , his mother , his father , his godfather , and finally Dumbledore , all determine to protect him ; but now that be over . he could not let anybody else stand between him and Voldemort ; he must abandon forever the illusion he ought to have lose at the age of one : that the shelter of a parent 's arm mean that nothing could hurt him . there be no wake from his nightmare , no comforting whisper in the dark that he be safe really , that it be all in his imagination ; the last and great of his protector have die and he be more alone than he have ever be before . the little man in black have stop speak at last and resume his seat . Harry wait for somebody else to get to their foot ; he expect speech , probably from the Minister , but nobody move . then several people scream . bright , white flame have erupt around Dumbledore 's body and the table upon which it lay : high and high they rise , obscure the body . White smoke spiral into the air and make strange shape : Harry think , for one heart-stopping moment , that he see a phoenix fly joyfully into the blue , but next second the fire have vanish . in its place be a white marble tomb , encase Dumbledore 's body and the table on which he have rest . there be a few more cry of shock as a shower of arrow soar through the air , but they fall far short of the crowd . it be , Harry know , the centaur ' tribute : he see them turn tail and disappear back into the cool tree . likewise the merpeople sink slowly back into the green water and be lose from view . Harry look at Ginny , Ron and Hermione : Ron 's face be screw up as though the sunlight be blind him . Hermione 's face be glaze with tear , but Ginny be no longer crying . she meet Harry 's gaze with the same hard , blaze look that he have see when she have hug him after win the Quidditch Cup in his absence , and he know that at that moment they understand each other perfectly , and that when he tell her what he be go to do now , she would not say " be careful " , or " do n't do it " , but accept his decision , because she would not have expect anything less of him . and so he steel himself to say what he have know he must say ever since Dumbledore have die . " Ginny , listen … " he say very quietly , as the buzz of conversation grow loud around them and people begin to get to their foot . " I ca n't be involve with you anymore . we have get to stop see each other . we ca n't be together . " she say , with an oddly twisted smile , " it be for some stupid , noble reason , be n't it ? " " it have be like … like something out of someone else 's life , these last few week with you , " say Harry . " but I ca n't … we ca n't … I have get thing to do alone now . " she do not cry , she simply look at him , " Voldemort use people his enemy be close to . he be already use you as bait once , and that be just because you be my good friend 's sister . think how much danger you will be in if we keep this up . he will know , he will find out . he will try and get to me through you . " " what if I do n't care ? " say Ginny fiercely . " I care , " say Harry . " how do you think I will feel if this be your funeral … and it be my fault … " she look away from him , over the lake . " I never really give up on you , " she say . " not really . I always hope … Hermione tell me to get on with life , maybe go out with some other people , relax a bit around you , because I never use to be able to talk if you be in the room , remember ? and she think you might take a bit more notice if I be a bit more - myself . " " smart girl , that Hermione , " say Harry , try to smile . " I just wish I have ask you sooner . we could ' ve have age … month … year maybe … " " but you have be too busy save the wizarding world , " say Ginny , half-laughing . " well … I ca n't say I be surprise . I know this would happen in the end . I know you would n't be happy unless you be hunt Voldemort . maybe that be why I like you so much . " Harry could not bear to hear these thing , nor do he think his resolution would hold if he remain sit beside her . Ron , he see , be now hold Hermione and stroke her hair while she sob into his shoulder , tear drip from the end of his own long nose . with a miserable gesture , Harry get up , turn his back on Ginny and on Dumbledore 's tomb and walk away around the lake . moving feel much more bearable than sit still : just as set out as soon as possible to track down the Horcruxes and kill Voldemort would feel well than wait to do it … " Harry ! " he turn . Rufus Scrimgeour be limp rapidly towards him around the bank , lean on his walk stick . " I have be hope to have a word … do you mind if I walk a little way with you ? " " no , " say Harry indifferently , and set off again . " Harry , this be a dreadful tragedy , " say Scrimgeour quietly , " I can tell you how appall I be to hear of it . Dumbledore be a very great wizard . we have our disagreement , as you know , but no one know good than I - " " what do you want ? " ask Harry flatly . Scrimgeour look annoyed but , as before , hastily modify his expression to one of sorrowful understanding . " you be , of course , devastate , " he say . " I know that you be very close to Dumbledore . I think you may have be his favorite ever pupil . the bond between the two of you - " " what do you want ? " Harry repeat , come to a halt . Scrimgeour stop too , lean on his stick and stare at Harry , his expression shrewd now . " the word be that you be with him when he leave the school the night that he die . " " whose word ? " say Harry . " somebody stupefy a Death Eater on top of the Tower after Dumbledore die . there be also two broomstick up there . the Ministry can add two and two , Harry . " " glad to hear it , " say Harry . " well , where I go with Dumbledore and what we do be my business . he do n't want people to know . " " such loyalty be admirable , of course , " say Scrimgeour , who seem to be restrain his irritation with difficulty , " but Dumbledore be go , Harry . he be go " " he will only be go from the school when none here be loyal to him , " say Harry , smile in spite of himself . " my dear boy … even Dumbledore can return from the - " " I be not say he can . you would n't understand . but I have get nothing to tell you . " Scrimgeour hesitate , then say , in what be evidently suppose to be a tone of delicacy , " the Ministry can offer you all sort of protection , you know , Harry . I would be delight to place a couple of my Aurors at your service - " Harry laugh . " Voldemort want to kill me himself and Aurors wo n't stop him . so thanks for the offer , but no thanks . " " so , " say Scrimgeour , his voice cold now , " the request I make of you at Christmas - " " what request ? oh yeah … the one where I tell the world what a great job you be do in exchange for - " " - for raise everyone 's morale ! " snap Scrimgeour . Harry consider him for a moment . " release Stan Shunpike yet ? " Scrimgeour turn a nasty purple color highly reminiscent of Uncle Vernon . " I see you be - " " Dumbledore 's man through and through , " say Harry . " that be right . " Scrimgeour glare at him for another moment , then turn and limp away without another word . Harry could see Percy and the rest of the Ministry delegation wait for him , cast nervous glance at the sob Hagrid and Grawp , who be still in their seat . Ron and Hermione be hurry towards Harry , pass Scrimgeour go in the opposite direction ; Harry turn and walk slowly on , wait for them to catch up , which they finally do in the shade of a beech tree under which they have sit in happy time . " what do Scrimgeour want ? " Hermione whisper . " same as he want at Christmas , " shrug Harry . " want me to give him inside information on Dumbledore and be the Ministry 's new poster boy . " Ron seem to struggle with himself for a moment , then he say loudly to Hermione , " look , let me go back and hit Percy ! " " no , " she say firmly , grab his arm . " it will make me feel well ! " Harry laugh . even Hermione grin a little , though her smile fade as she look up at the castle . " I ca n't bear the idea that we might never come back . " she say softly . " how can Hogwarts close ? " " maybe it wo n't , " say Ron . " we be not in any more danger here than we be at home , be we ? everywhere be the same now . I will even say Hogwarts be safe , there be more wizard inside to defend the place . what d'you reckon , Harry ? " " I be not come back even if it do reopen , " say Harry . Ron gape at him , but Hermione say sadly , " I know you be go to say that . but then what will you do ? " " I be go back to the Dursley ' once more , because Dumbledore want me to , " say Harry . " but it will be a short visit , and then I will be go for good . " " but where will you go if you do n't come back to school ? " " I think I might go back to Godric 's Hollow , " Harry mutter . he have have the idea in his head ever since the night of Dumbledore 's death . " for me , it start there , all of it . I have just get a feeling I need to go there . and I can visit my parent ' grave , I will like that . " " and then what ? " say Ron . " then I have get to track down the rest of the Horcruxes , have n't I ? " say Harry , his eye upon Dumbledore 's white tomb , reflect in the water on the other side of the lake . " that be what he want me to do , that be why he tell me all about them . if Dumbledore be right - and I be sure he be - there be still four of them out there . I have get to find them and destroy them and then I have get to go after the seventh bit of Voldemort 's soul , the bit that be still in his body , and I be the one who be go to kill him . and if I meet Severus Snape along the way , " he add , " so much the good tor me , so mucn the bad for him . " there be a long silence . the crowd have almost disperse now , the straggler give the monumental figure of Grawp a wide berth as he cuddle Hagrid , whose howl of grief be still echo across the water . " we will be there , Harry , " say Ron . " what ? " " at your aunt and uncle 's house , " say Ron . " and then we will go with you , wherever you be go . " " no - " say Harry quickly ; he have not count on this , he have mean them to understand that he be undertake this most dangerous journey alone . " you say to us once before , " say Hermione quietly , " that there be time to turn back if we want to . we have have time , have n't we ? " " we be with you whatever happen , " say Ron . " but , mate , you be go to have to come round my mum and dad 's house before we do anything else , even Godric 's Hollow . " " why ? " " Bill and Fleur 's wedding , remember ? " Harry look at him , startle ; the idea that anything as normal as a wedding could still exist seem incredible and yet wonderful . " yeah , we should n't miss that , " he say finally . his hand close automatically around the fake Horcrux , but in spite of everything , in spite of the dark and twist path he see stretch ahead for himself , in spite of the final meeting with Voldemort he know must come , whether in a month , in a year , or in ten , he feel his heart lift at the thought that there be still one last golden day of peace leave to enjoy with Ron and Hermione .
