Dudley Demented the hot day of the summer so far be draw to a close and a drowsy silence lie over the large , square house of Privet Drive . car that be usually gleam stand dusty in their drive and lawn that be once emerald green lie parched and yellow ; the use of hosepipe have be ban due to drought . deprive of their usual car-washing and lawn-mowing pursuit , the inhabitant of Privet Drive have retreat into the shade of their cool house , window throw wide in the hope of tempt in a nonexistent breeze . the only person leave outdoors be a teenage boy who be lie flat on his back in a flower bed outside number four . he be a skinny , black-haired , bespectacled boy who have the pinch , slightly unhealthy look of someone who have grow a lot in a short space of time . his jean be tear and dirty , his T-shirt baggy and fade , and the sole of his trainer be peel away from the upper . Harry Potter 's appearance do not endear him to the neighbor , who be the sort of people who think scruffiness ought to be punishable by law , but as he have hide himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he be quite invisible to passerby . in fact , the only way he would be spot be if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stick their head out of the live room window and look straight down into the flower bed below . on the whole , Harry think he be to be congratulate on his idea of hide here . he be not , perhaps , very comfortable lie on the hot , hard earth , but on the other hand , nobody be glaring at him , grind their tooth so loudly that he could not hear the news , or shoot nasty question at him , as have happen every time he have try sit down in the live room and watch television with his aunt and uncle . almost as though this thought have flutter through the open window , Vernon Dursley , Harry 's uncle , suddenly speak . " glad to see the boy 's stop try to butt in . where be he anyway ? " " I do n't know , " say Aunt Petunia unconcernedly . " not in the house . " Uncle Vernon grunt . " watch the news ... " he say scathingly . " I will like to know what he be really up to . as if a normal boy care what be on the news -- Dudley have n't get a clue what be go on , doubt he know who the Prime Minister be ! anyway , it be not as if there will be anything about his lot on our news -- " " Vernon , shh ! " say Aunt Petunia . " the window be open ! " " oh -- yes -- sorry , dear ... " the Dursley fall silent . Harry listen to a jingle about Fruit ' N Bran breakfast cereal while he watch Mrs. Figg , a batty , cat-loving old lady from nearby Wisteria walk , amble slowly past . she be frown and mutter to herself . Harry be very please that he be conceal behind the bush ; Mrs. Figg have recently take to ask him around for tea whenever she meet him in the street . she have round the corner and vanish from view before Uncle Vernon 's voice float out of the window again . " Dudders out for tea ? " " at the Polkisses ' , " say Aunt Petunia fondly . " he be get so many little friend , he be so popular ... " Harry repress a snort with difficulty . the Dursley really be astonishingly stupid about their son , Dudley ; they have swallow all his dim-witted lie about have tea with a different member of his gang every night of the summer holiday . Harry know perfectly well that Dudley have not be to tea anywhere ; he and his gang spend every evening vandalize the play park , smoking on street corner , and throw stone at pass car and child . Harry have see them at it during his evening walk around Little Whinging ; he have spend most of the holiday wander the street , scavenge newspaper from bin along the way . the opening note of the music that herald the seven o'clock news reach Harry 's ear and his stomach turn over . perhaps tonight -- after a month of wait -- would be the night - " record number of strand holidaymakers fill airport as the Spanish baggage-handlers ' strike reach its second week -- " " give ' em a lifelong siesta , I would , " snarl Uncle Vernon over the end of the newsreader 's sentence , but no matter : Outside in the flower bed , Harry 's stomach seem to unclench . if anything have happen , it would surely have be the first item on the news ; death and destruction be more important than strand holidaymakers . ... he let out a long , slow breath and stare up at the brilliant blue sky . every day this summer have be the same : the tension , the expectation , the temporary relief , and then mount tension again ... and always , grow more insistent all the time , the question of why nothing have happen yet . ... he keep listen , just in case there be some small clue , not recognize for what it really be by the Muggles -- an unexplained disappearance , perhaps , or some strange accident ... but the baggage-handlers ' strike be follow by news on the drought in the Southeast ( " I hope he be listen next door ! " bellow Uncle Vernon , " with his sprinkler on at three in the morning ! " ) ; then a helicopter that have almost crash in a field in Surrey , then a famous actress 's divorce from her famous husband ( " as if we be interested in their sordid affair , " sniff Aunt Petunia , who have follow the case obsessively in every magazine she could lay her bony hand on ) . Harry close his eye against the now blaze evening sky as the newsreader say , " and finally , Bungy the budgie have find a novel way of keep cool this summer . Bungy , who live at the Five Feathers in Barnsley , have learn to water-ski ! Mary Dorkins go to find out more . ... " Harry open his eye again . if they have reach water-skiing budgerigar , there be nothing else worth hearing . he roll cautiously onto his front and raise himself onto his knee and elbow , prepare to crawl out from under the window . he have move about two inch when several thing happen in very quick succession . a loud , echo crack break the sleepy silence like a gunshot ; a cat streak out from under a park car and fly out of sight ; a shriek , a bellow oath , and the sound of break china come from the Dursley ' living room , and as though Harry have be wait for this signal , he jump to his foot , at the same time pull from the waistband of his jean a thin wooden wand as if he be unsheathe a sword . but before he could draw himself up to full height , the top of his head collide with the Dursley ' open window , and the resultant crash make Aunt Petunia scream even loud . Harry feel as if his head have be split in two ; eye stream , he sway , try to focus on the street and spot the source of the noise , but he have barely stagger upright again when two large purple hand reach through the open window and close tightly around his throat . " put -- it -- away ! " Uncle Vernon snarl into Harry 's ear . " now ! before -- anyone -- see ! " " get -- off -- me ! " Harry gasp ; for a few second they struggle , Harry pull at his uncle 's sausage-like finger with his left hand , his right maintain a firm grip on his raise wand . then , as the pain in the top of Harry 's head give a particularly nasty throb , Uncle Vernon yelp and release Harry as though he have receive an electric shock -- some invisible force seem to have surge through his nephew , make him impossible to hold . pant , Harry fall forward over the hydrangea bush , straighten up , and stare around . there be no sign of what have cause the loud cracking noise , but there be several face peer through various nearby window . Harry stuff his wand hastily back into his jean and try to look innocent . " lovely evening ! " shout Uncle Vernon , wave at Mrs. Number Seven , who be glare from behind her net curtain . " do you hear that car backfire just now ? give Petunia and me quite a turn ! " he continue to grin in a horrible , manic way until all the curious neighbor have disappear from their various window , then the grin become a grimace of rage as he beckon Harry back toward him . Harry move a few step closer , take care to stop just short of the point at which Uncle Vernon 's outstretch hand could resume their strangle . " what the devil do you mean by it , boy ? " ask Uncle Vernon in a croaky voice that tremble with fury . " what do I mean by what ? " say Harry coldly . he keep look left and right up the street , still hope to see the person who have make the crack noise . " make a racket like a start pistol right outside our -- " " I do n't make that noise , " say Harry firmly . aunt Petunia be thin , horsey face now appear beside Uncle Vernon 's wide , purple one . she look livid . " why be you lurk under our window ? " " yes -- yes , good point , Petunia ! what be you do under our window , boy ? " " listen to the news , " say Harry in a resigned voice . his aunt and uncle exchange look of outrage . " listen to the news ! again ? " " well , it change every day , you see , " say Harry . " do n't you be clever with me , boy ! I want to know what you be really up to -- and do n't give me any more of this listening to the news tosh ! you know perfectly well that your lot ... " " Careful , Vernon ! " breathe Aunt Petunia , and Uncle Vernon lower his voice so that Harry could barely hear him , " ... that your lot do n't get on our news ! " " that be all you know , " say Harry . the Dursley goggle at him for a few second , then Aunt Petunia say , " you be a nasty little liar . what be all those -- " she too lower her voice so that Harry have to lip-read the next word , " - owl -- do if they be not bring you news ? " " Aha ! " say Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whisper . " get out of that one , boy ! as if we do n't know you get all your news from those pestilential bird ! " Harry hesitate for a moment . it cost him something to tell the truth this time , even though his aunt and uncle could not possibly know how bad Harry feel at admit it . " the owl ... be n't bring me news , " say Harry tonelessly . " I do n't believe it , " say Aunt Petunia at once . " no more do I , " say Uncle Vernon forcefully . " we know you be up to something funny , " say Aunt Petunia . " we be not stupid , you know , " say Uncle Vernon . " well , that be news to me , " say Harry , his temper rise , and before the Dursley could call him back , he have wheel about , cross the front lawn , step over the low garden wall , and be stride off up the street . he be in trouble now and he know it . he would have to face his aunt and uncle later and pay the price for his rudeness , but he do not care very much just at the moment ; he have much more pressing matter on his mind . Harry be sure that the crack noise have be make by someone Apparating or Disapparating . it be exactly the sound Dobby the house-elf make when he vanish into thin air . be it possible that Dobby be here in Privet Drive ? could Dobby be follow him right at this very moment ? as this thought occur he wheel around and stare back down Privet Drive , but it appear to be completely desert again and Harry be sure that Dobby do not know how to become invisible . ... he walk on , hardly aware of the route he be take , for he have pound these street so often lately that his foot carry him to his favorite haunt automatically . every few step he glance back over his shoulder . someone magical have be near him as he lie among Aunt Petunias die begonia , he be sure of it . why have n't they spoken to him , why have n't they make contact , why be they hide now ? and then , as his feeling of frustration peak , his certainty leak away . perhaps it have n't be a magical sound after all . perhaps he be so desperate for the tiny sign of contact from the world to which he belong that he be simply overreact to perfectly ordinary noise . could he be sure it have n't be the sound of something break inside a neighbor 's house ? Harry feel a dull , sink sensation in his stomach and , before he know it , the feeling of hopelessness that have plague him all summer roll over him once again . ... tomorrow morning he would be awake by the alarm at five o'clock so that he could pay the owl that deliver the Daily Prophet -- but be there any point in continue to take it ? Harry merely glance at the front page before throw it aside these day ; when the idiot who run the paper finally realize that Voldemort be back it would be headline news , and that be the only kind Harry care about . if he be lucky , there would also be owl carry letter from his good friend , Ron and Hermione , though any expectation he have have that their letter would bring him news have long since be dash . " we ca n't say much about you-know-what , obviously . ... " " we have be tell not to say anything important in case our letter go astray . ... " " we be quite busy but I ca n't give you detail here . ... " " there be a fair amount go on , we will tell you everything when we see you . ... " but when be they go to see him ? nobody seem too bother with a precise date . Hermione have scribble , " I expect we will be see you quite soon " inside his birthday card , but how soon be soon ? as far as Harry could tell from the vague hint in their letter , Hermione and Ron be in the same place , presumably at Ron 's parent ' house . he could hardly bear to think of the pair of them have fun at the Burrow when he be stick in Privet Drive . in fact , he be so angry at them that he have throw both their birthday present of Honeydukes chocolate away unopened , though he have regret this after eat the wilt salad Aunt Petunia have provide for dinner that night . and what be Ron and Hermione busy with ? why be n't he , Harry , busy ? have n't he prove himself capable of handle much more than they ? have they all forget what he have do ? have n't it be he who have enter that graveyard and watch Cedric be murder and be tie to that tombstone and nearly kill ... ? do n't think about that , Harry tell himself sternly for the hundredth time that summer . it be bad enough that he keep revisit the graveyard in his nightmare , without dwell on it in his wake moment too . he turn a corner into Magnolia Crescent ; halfway along he pass the narrow alleyway down the side of a garage where he have first clap eye on his godfather . Sirius , at least , seem to understand how Harry be feel ; admittedly his letter be just as empty of proper news as Ron and Hermione 's , but at least they contain word of caution and consolation instead of tantalize hint : " I know this must be frustrating for you . ... " " keep your nose clean and everything will be okay . ... " " be careful and do n't do anything rash . ... " well , think Harry , as he cross Magnolia Crescent , turn into Magnolia Road , and head toward the darken play park , he have ( by and large ) do as Sirius advise ; he have at least resist the temptation to tie his trunk to his broomstick and set off for the Burrow by himself . in fact Harry think his behavior have be very good consider how frustrated and angry he feel at be stick in Privet Drive this long , reduce to hide in flower bed in the hope of hearing something that might point to what Lord Voldemort be do . nevertheless , it be quite galling to be tell not to be rash by a man who have serve twelve year in the wizard prison , Azkaban , escape , attempt to commit the murder he have be convict for in the first place , then go on the run with a stolen hippogriff . ... Harry vault over the locked park gate and set off across the parched grass . the park be as empty as the surround street . when he reach the swing he sink onto the only one that Dudley and his friend have not yet manage to break , coil one arm around the chain , and stare moodily at the ground . he would not be able to hide in the Dursley ' flower bed again . tomorrow he would have to think of some fresh way of listen to the news . in the meantime , he have nothing to look forward to but another restless , disturbed night , because even when he escape nightmare about Cedric he have unsettling dream about long dark corridor , all finish in dead end and locked door , which he suppose have something to do with the trapped feeling he have when he be awake . often the old scar on his forehead prickle uncomfortably , but he do not fool himself that Ron or Hermione or Sirius would find that very interesting anymore . ... in the past his scar hurt have warn that Voldemort be get stronger again , but now that Voldemort be back they would probably remind him that its regular irritation be only to be expect . ... nothing to worry about ... old news ... the injustice of it all well up inside him so that he want to yell with fury . if it have n't be for him , nobody would even have know Voldemort be back ! and his reward be to be stick in Little Whinging for four solid week , completely cut off from the magical world , reduce to squat among die begonia so that he could hear about water-ski budgerigar ! how could Dumbledore have forget him so easily ? why have Ron and Hermione get together without invite him along too ? how much long be he suppose to endure Sirius tell him to sit tight and be a good boy ; or resist the temptation to write to the stupid Daily Prophet and point out that Voldemort have return ? these furious thought whirl around in Harry 's head , and his inside writhe with anger as a sultry , velvety night fall around him , the air full of the smell of warm , dry grass and the only sound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park railing . he do not know how long he have sit on the swing before the sound of voice interrupt his musing and he look up . the street-lamps from the surround road be cast a misty glow strong enough to silhouette a group of people make their way across the park . one of them be sing a loud , crude song . the other be laugh . a soft ticking noise come from several expensive racing bike that they be wheel along . Harry know who those people be . the figure in front be unmistakably his cousin , Dudley Dursley , wend his way home , accompany by his faithful gang . Dudley be as vast as ever , but a year be hard diet and the discovery of a new talent have wrought quite a change in his physique . as Uncle Vernon delightedly tell anyone who would listen , Dudley have recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Champion of the Southeast . " the noble sport , " as Uncle Vernon call it , have make Dudley even more formidable than he have seem to Harry in the primary school day when he have serve as Dudley 's first punching bag . Harry be not remotely afraid of his cousin anymore but he still do n't think that Dudley learn to punch harder and more accurately be cause for celebration . neighborhood child all around be terrify of him -- even more terrify than they be of " that Potter boy , " who , they have be warn , be a hardened hooligan who attend St. Brutus 's Secure Center for incurably criminal boy . Harry watch the dark figure cross the grass and wonder whom they have be beat up tonight . look round , Harry find himself think as he watch them . come on ... look round ... I be sit here all alone . ... come and have ago . ... if Dudley 's friend see him sit here , they would be sure to make a beeline for him , and what would Dudley do then ? he would n't want to lose face in front of the gang , but he will be terrify of provoke Harry . ... it would be really fun to watch Dudley 's dilemma ; to taunt him , watch him , with him powerless to respond ... and if any of the other try hit Harry , Harry be ready -- he have his wand ... let them try ... he will love to vent some of his frustration on the boy who have once make his life hell - but they do not turn around , they do not see him , they be almost at the railing . Harry master the impulse to call after them . ... seek a fight be not a smart move . ... he must not use magic . ... he would be risk expulsion again . ... Dudley 's gang 's voice die ; they be out of sight , head along Magnolia Road . there you go , Sirius , Harry think dully . nothing rash . keep my nose clean . exactly the opposite of what you will have do ... he get to his foot and stretch . aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon seem to feel that whenever Dudley turn up be the right time to be home , and anytime after that be much too late . Uncle Vernon have threaten to lock Harry in the shed if he come home after Dudley again , so , stifle a yawn , still scowl , Harry set off toward the park gate . Magnolia Road , like Privet Drive , be full of large , square house with perfectly manicure lawn , all own by large , square owner who drive very clean car similar to Uncle Vernon 's . Harry prefer Little Whinging by night , when the curtain window make patch of jewel-bright color in the darkness and he run no danger of hearing disapprove mutter about his " delinquent " appearance when he pass the householder . he walk quickly , so that halfway along Magnolia Road Dudley 's gang come into view again ; they be say their farewell at the entrance to Magnolia Crescent . Harry step into the shadow of a large lilac tree and wait . " ... squeal like a pig , do n't he ? " Malcolm be say , to guffaw from the other . " nice right hook , Big D , " say Piers . " same time tomorrow ? " say Dudley . " round at my place , my parent be out , " say Gordon . " see you then , " say Dudley . " Bye Dud ! " " See Ya , Big D ! " Harry wait for the rest of the gang to move on before set off again . when their voice have fade once more he head around the corner into Magnolia Crescent and by walk very quickly he soon come within hail distance of Dudley , who be stroll along at his ease , hum tunelessly . " hey , Big D ! " Dudley turn . " oh , " he grunt . " it be you . " " how long have you be ' Big D ' then ? " say Harry . " shut it , " snarl Dudley , turn away again . " cool name , " say Harry , grin and fall into step beside his cousin . " but you will always be Ickle Diddykins to me . " " I say , SHUT it ! " say Dudley , whose ham-like hand have curl into fist . " do n't the boy know that be what your mum call you ? " " shut your face . " " you do n't tell her to shut her face . what about ' Popkin ' and ' Dinky Diddydums , ' can I use them then ? " Dudley say nothing . the effort of keep himself from hit Harry seem to be demand all his self-control . " so who have you be beat up tonight ? " Harry ask , his grin fading . " another ten-year-old ? I know you do Mark Evans two night ago -- " " he be ask for it , " snarl Dudley . " oh yeah ? " " he cheek me . " " yeah ? do he say you look like a pig that have be teach to walk on its hind leg ? ' Cause that be not cheek , Dud , that be true ... " a muscle be twitch in Dudley 's jaw . it give Harry enormous satisfaction to know how furious he be make Dudley ; he feel as though he be siphon off his own frustration into his cousin , the only outlet he have . they turn right down the narrow alleyway where Harry have first see Sirius and which form a shortcut between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria walk . it be empty and much dark than the street it link because there be no streetlamp . their footstep be muffle between garage wall on one side and a high fence on the other . " think you be a big man carry that thing , do n't you ? " Dudley say after a few second . " what thing ? " " that -- that thing you be hide . " Harry grin again . " not as stupid as you look , be you , Dud ? but I s'pose if you be , you would n't be able to walk and talk at the same time . ... " Harry pull out his wand . he see Dudley look sideways at it . " you be not allow , " Dudley say at once . " I know you be not . you will get expel from that freak school you go to . " " how d'you know they have n't change the rule , Big D ? " " they have n't , " say Dudley , though he do n't sound completely convinced . Harry laugh softly . " you have n't get the gut to take me on without that thing , have you ? " Dudley snarl . " whereas you just need four mate behind you before you can beat up a ten-year-old . you know that box title you keep bang on about ? how old be your opponent ? seven ? eight ? " " he be sixteen for your information , " snarl Dudley , " and he be out cold for twenty minute after I will finished with him and he be twice as heavy as you . you just wait till I tell Dad you have that thing out -- " " run to Daddy now , be you ? be his ickle boxing champ frighten of nasty Harry 's wand ? " " not this brave at night , be you ? " sneer Dudley . " this be night , Diddykins . that be what we call it when it go all dark like this . " " I mean when you be in bed ! " Dudley snarl . he have stop walk . Harry stop too , stare at his cousin . from the little he could see of Dudley 's large face , he be wear a strangely triumphant look . " what d'you mean , I be not brave in bed ? " say Harry , completely nonplus . " what -- be I suppose to be frighten of pillow or something ? " " I hear you last night , " say Dudley breathlessly . " talk in your sleep . moan . " " what d'you mean ? " Harry say again , but there be a cold , plunge sensation in his stomach . he have revisit the graveyard last night in his dream . Dudley give a harsh bark of laughter then adopt a high-pitched , whimper voice . " ' do n't kill Cedric ! do n't kill Cedric ! ' who be Cedric -- your boyfriend ? " " I -- you be lie -- " say Harry automatically . but his mouth have go dry . he know Dudley be n't lie -- how else would he know about Cedric ? " ' Dad ! help me , Dad ! he be go to kill me , Dad ! Boo-hoo ! ' " " Shut up , " say Harry quietly . " shut up , Dudley , I be warn you ! " " ' come and help me , Dad ! mum , come and help me ! he have kill Cedric ! Dad , help me ! he be go to - ' do n't you point that thing at me ! " Dudley back into the alley wall . Harry be point the wand directly at Dudley 's heart . Harry could feel fourteen year ' hatred of Dudley pound in his vein -- what would n't he give to strike now , to jinx Dudley so thoroughly he will have to crawl home like an insect , strike dumb , sprout feeler - " do n't ever talk about that again , " Harry snarl . " D'you understand me ? " " point that thing somewhere else ! " " I say , do you understand me ? " " point it somewhere else ! " " do you UNDERSTAND Me ? " " get THAT Thing AWAY From -- " Dudley give an odd , shudder gasp , as though he have be douse in icy water . something have happen to the night . the star-strewn indigo sky be suddenly pitch-black and lightless -- the star , the moon , the misty streetlamp at either end of the alley have vanish . the distant grumble of car and the whisper of tree have go . the balmy evening be suddenly piercingly , bitingly cold . they be surround by total , impenetrable , silent darkness , as though some giant hand have drop a thick , icy mantle over the entire alleyway , blind them . for a split second Harry think he have do magic without mean to , despite the fact that he have be resist as hard as he could -- then his reason catch up with his sense -- he do n't have the power to turn off the star . he turn his head this way and that , try to see something , but the darkness press on his eye like a weightless veil . Dudley 's terrify voice break in Harry 's ear . " W-what be you d-doing ? St-stop it ! " " I be not do anything ! shut up and do n't move ! " " I c-ca n't see ! I have g-gone blind ! I -- " " I say shut up ! " Harry stand stock-still , turn his sightless eye leave and right . the cold be so intense that he be shiver all over ; goose bump have erupt up his arm , and the hair on the back of his neck be stand up -- he open his eye to their full extent , stare blankly around , unseeing ... it be impossible . ... they could n't be here . ... not in Little Whinging ... he strain his ear . ... he would hear them before he see them . ... " I will t-tell Dad ! " Dudley whimper . " W-where be you ? what be you d-do -- ? " " will you shut up ? " Harry hiss , " I be try to lis -- " but he fall silent . he have hear just the thing he have be dread . there be something in the alleyway apart from themselves , something that be draw long , hoarse , rattle breath . Harry feel a horrible jolt of dread as he stand tremble in the freezing air . " C-cut it out ! stop do it ! I will h-hit you , I swear I will ! " " Dudley , shut -- " WHAM ! a fist make contact with the side of Harry 's head , lift Harry off his foot . small white light pop in front of Harry 's eye ; for the second time in an hour he feel as though his head have be cleave in two ; next moment he have land hard on the ground , and his wand have flow out of his hand . " you moron , Dudley ! " Harry yell , his eye water with pain , as he scramble to his hand and knee , now feel around frantically in the blackness . he hear Dudley blunder away , hit the alley fence , stumble . " Dudley , Come Back ! you 'RE Running Right AT it ! " there be a horrible squeal yell , and Dudley 's footstep stop . at the same moment , Harry feel a creep chill behind him that could mean only one thing . there be more than one . " Dudley , Keep YOUR MOUTH SHUT ! whatever you DO , Keep YOUR MOUTH SHUT ! Wand ! " Harry mutter frantically , his hand fly over the ground like spider . " where be -- wand -- come on -- Lumos ! " he say the spell automatically , desperate for light to help him in his search -- and to his disbelieve relief , light flare inch from his right hand -- the wand tip have ignite . Harry snatch it up , scramble to his foot , and turn around . his stomach turn over . a towering , hooded figure be glide smoothly toward him , hover over the ground , no foot or face visible beneath its robe , suck on the night as it come . stumble backward , Harry raise his wand . " Expecto Patronum ! " a silvery wisp of vapor shot from the tip of the wand and the dementor slow , but the spell have n't work properly ; trip over his foot , Harry retreat farther as the dementor bear down upon him , panic fog his brain -- concentrate - a pair of gray , slimy , scab hand slide from inside the dementor 's robe , reach for him . a rush noise fill Harry 's ear . " Expecto Patronum ! " his voice sound dim and distant . ... another wisp of silver smoke , feeble than the last , drift from the wand -- he could n't do it anymore , he could n't work the spell - there be laughter inside his own head , shrill , high-pitched laughter . ... he could smell the dementor 's putrid , death-cold breath , fill his own lung , drown him -- think ... something happy . ... but there be no happiness in him . ... the dementor 's icy finger be close on his throat -- the high-pitched laughter be grow louder and louder , and a voice speak inside his head -- " Bow to death , Harry . ... it might even be painless . ... I would not know . ... I have never die . ... " he be never go to see Ron and Hermione again - and their face burst clearly into his mind as he fight for breath - " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " an enormous silver stag erupt from the tip of Harry 's wand ; its antler catch the dementor in the place where the heart should have be ; it be throw backward , weightless as darkness , and as the stag charge , the dementor swoop away , batlike and defeat . " this way ! " Harry shout at the stag . wheel around , he sprint down the alleyway , hold the light wand aloft . " Dudley ? Dudley ! " he have run barely a dozen step when he reach them : Dudley be curl on the ground , his arm clamp over his face ; a second dementor be crouch low over him , grip his wrist in its slimy hand , prize them slowly , almost lovingly apart , lower its hooded head toward Dudley 's face as though about to kiss him . ... " GET it ! " Harry bellow , and with a rush , roar sound , the silver stag he have conjure come gallop back past him . the dementor 's eyeless face be barely an inch from Dudley be when the silver antler catch it ; the thing be throw up into the air and , like its fellow , it soar away and be absorb into the darkness . the stag canter to the end of the alleyway and dissolve into silver mist . Moon , star , and streetlamp burst back into life . a warm breeze sweep the alleyway . tree rustle in neighboring garden and the mundane rumble of car in Magnolia Crescent fill the air again . Harry stand quite still , all his sense vibrate , take in the abrupt return to normality . after a moment he become aware that his T-shirt be stick to him ; he be drench in sweat . he could not believe what have just happen . Dementors here , in Little Whinging ... Dudley lie curl up on the ground , whimper and shake . Harry bend down to see whether he be in a fit state to stand up , but then hear loud , run footstep behind him ; instinctively raise his wand again , he spin on his heel to face the newcomer . Mrs. Figg , their batty old neighbor , come pant into sight . her grizzled gray hair be escape from its hairnet , a clank string shopping bag be swing from her wrist , and her foot be halfway out of her tartan carpet slipper . Harry make to stow his wand hurriedly out of sight , but - " do n't put it away , idiot boy ! " she shriek . " what if there be more of them around ? oh , I be go to kill Mundungus Fletcher ! " a Peck of Owls " what ? " say Harry blankly . " he leave ! " say Mrs. Figg , wring her hand . " leave to see someone about a batch of cauldron that fall off the back of a broom ! I tell him I will flay him alive if he go , and now look ! Dementors ! it be just lucky I put Mr. Tibbies on the case ! but we have n't get time to stand around ! hurry , now , we have get to get you back ! oh , the trouble this be go to cause ! I will kill him ! " " but -- " the revelation that his batty old cat-obsessed neighbor know what dementors be be almost as big a shock to Harry as meet two of them down the alleyway . " you be -- you be a witch ? " " I be a Squib , as Mundungus know full well , so how on earth be I suppose to help you fight off dementors ? he leave you completely without cover when I warn him -- " " this bloke Mundungus have be follow me ? hang on -- it be him ! he Disapparated from the front of my house ! " " yes , yes , yes , but luckily I have station Mr. Tibbies under a car just in case , and Mr. Tibbies come and warn me , but by the time I get to your house you have go -- and now -- oh , what be Dumbledore go to say ? you ! " she shriek at Dudley , still supine on the alley floor . " get your fat bottom off the ground , quick ! " " you know Dumbledore ? " say Harry , stare at her . " of course I know Dumbledore , who do n't know Dumbledore ? but come on -- I will be no help if they come back , I have never so much as Transfigured a teabag -- " she stoop down , seize one of Dudley 's massive arm in her wizened hand , and tug . " get up , you useless lump , get up ! " but Dudley either could not or would not move . he be still on the ground , tremble and ashen-faced , his mouth shut very tight . " I will do it . " Harry take hold of Dudley 's arm and heave : with an enormous effort he manage to hoist Dudley to his foot . Dudley seem to be on the point of fainting : his small eye be roll in their socket and sweat be bead his face ; the moment Harry let go of him he sway dangerously . " hurry up ! " say Mrs. Figg hysterically . Harry pull one of Dudley 's massive arm around his own shoulder and drag him toward the road , sag slightly under his weight . Mrs. Figg totter along in front of them , peer anxiously around the corner . " keep your wand out , " she tell Harry , as they enter Wisteria Walk . " never mind the statute of secrecy now , there be go to be hell to pay anyway , we might as well be hang for a dragon as an egg . talk about the reasonable restriction of Underage Sorcery ... this be exactly what Dumbledore be afraid of -- what be that at the end of the street ? oh , it be just Mr. Prentice . ... do n't put your wand away , boy , do n't I keep tell you I be no use ? " it be not easy to hold a wand steady and carry Dudley along at the same time . Harry give his cousin an impatient dig in the rib , but Dudley seem to have lose all desire for independent movement . he be slump on Harry 's shoulder , his large foot drag along the ground . " why do n't you tell me you be a Squib ? " Harry ask Mrs. Figg , pant with the effort to keep walk . " all those time I come round your house -- why do n't you say anything ? " " Dumbledore 's order . I be to keep an eye on you but not say anything , you be too young . I be sorry I give you such a miserable time , but the Dursley would never have let you come if they have think you enjoy it . it be n't easy , you know . ... but oh my word , " she say tragically , wring her hand once more , " when Dumbledore hear about this -- how could Mundungus have leave , he be suppose to be on duty until midnight -- where be he ? how be I go to tell Dumbledore what be happen , I ca n't Apparate -- " " I have get an owl , you can borrow her , " Harry groan , wonder whether his spine be go to snap under Dudley 's weight . " Harry , you do n't understand ! Dumbledore will need to act as quickly as possible , the Ministry have their own way of detect underage magic , they will know already , you mark my word -- " " but I be get rid of dementors , I have to use magic -- they be go to be more worry what dementors be do floating around Wisteria walk , surely ? " " oh my dear , I wish it be so but I be afraid -- MUNDUNGUS Fletcher , I be go To Kill you ! " there be a loud crack and a strong smell of mingle drink and stale tobacco fill the air as a squat , unshaven man in a tatter overcoat materialize right in front of them . he have short bandy leg , long straggly ginger hair , and bloodshot baggy eye that give him the doleful look of a basset hound ; he be also clutch a silvery bundle that Harry recognize at once as an Invisibility Cloak . " ' S ' up , Figgy ? " he say , stare from Mrs. Figg to Harry and Dudley . " what ' appened to stay undercover ? " " I will give you undercover ! " cry Mrs. Figg . " Dementors , you useless , skive sneak thief ! " " Dementors ? " repeat Mundungus , aghast . " Dementors here ? " " yes , here , you worthless pile of bat droppings , here ! " shriek Mrs. Figg . " Dementors attack the boy on your watch ! " " Blimey , " say Mundungus weakly , look from Mrs. Figg to Harry and back again . " Blimey , I ... " " and you off buy stolen cauldron ! do n't I tell you not to go ? do n't I ? " " I -- well , I -- " Mundungus look deeply uncomfortable . " it ... it be a very good business opportunity , see ... " Mrs. Figg raise the arm from which her string bag dangle and whack Mundungus around the face and neck with it ; judge by the clank noise it make it be full of cat food . " Ouch -- gerroff -- gerroff , you mad old bat ! someone have gotta tell Dumbledore ! " " yes -- they -- have ! " yell Mrs. Figg , still swing the bag of cat food at every bit of Mundungus she could reach . " and -- it -- have -- well -- be -- you -- and -- you -- can -- tell -- him -- why -- you -- be n't -- there -- to -- help ! " " keep your ' airnet on ! " say Mundungus , his arm over his head , cower . " I be go , I be go ! " and with another loud crack , he vanish . " I hope Dumbledore murder him ! " say Mrs. Figg furiously . " now come on , Harry , what be you wait for ? " Harry decide not to waste his remain breath on point out that he could barely walk under Dudley 's bulk . he give the semiconscious Dudley a heave and stagger onward . " I will take you to the door , " say Mrs. Figg , as they turn into Privet Drive . " just in case there be more of them around . ... oh my word , what a catastrophe ... and you have to fight them off yourself ... and Dumbledore say we be to keep you from do magic at all cost . ... well , it be no good cry over spill potion , I suppose ... but the cat be among the pixie now ... " " so , " Harry pant , " Dumbledore 's ... be have ... me follow ? " " of course he have , " say Mrs. Figg impatiently . " do you expect him to let you wander around on your own after what happen in June ? good Lord , boy , they tell me you be intelligent . ... Right ... get inside and stay there , " she say as they reach number four . " I expect someone will be in touch with you soon enough . " " what be you go to do ? " ask Harry quickly . " I be go straight home , " say Mrs. Figg , stare around the dark street and shudder . " I will need to wait for more instruction . just stay in the house . good night . " " hang on , do n't go yet ! I want to know -- " but Mrs. Figg have already set off at a trot , carpet slipper flop , string bag clank . " wait ! " Harry shout after her ; he have a million question to ask anyone who be in contact with Dumbledore ; but within second Mrs. Figg be swallow by the darkness . scowl , Harry readjust Dudley on his shoulder and make his slow , painful way up number four 's garden path . the hall light be on . Harry stick his wand back inside the waistband of his jean , ring the bell , and watch Aunt Petunia 's outline grow large and large , oddly distort by the ripple glass in the front door . " Diddy ! about time too , I be get quite -- quite -- Diddy , what be the matter ? " Harry look sideways at Dudley and duck out from under his arm just in time . Dudley sway for a moment on the spot , his face pale green , then he open his mouth at last and vomit all over the doormat . " Diddy ! Diddy , what be the matter with you ? Vernon ? Vernon ! " Harry 's uncle come galumph out of the live room , walrus mustache blow hither and thither as it always do when he be agitate . he hurry forward to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weak-kneed Dudley over the threshold while avoid step in the pool of sick . " he be ill , Vernon ! " " what be it , son ? what be happen ? do Mrs. Polkiss give you something foreign for tea ? " " why be you all cover in dirt , darling ? have you be lie on the ground ? " " Hang on -- you have n't be mug , have you , son ? " aunt Petunia scream . " phone the police , Vernon ! phone the police ! Diddy , darling , speak to Mummy ! what do they do to you ? " in all the kerfuffle , nobody seem to have notice Harry , which suit him perfectly . he manage to slip inside just before Uncle Vernon slam the door and while the Dursley make their noisy progress down the hall toward the kitchen , Harry move carefully and quietly toward the stair . " who do it , son ? give us name . we will get them , do n't worry . " " Shh ! he be try to say something , Vernon ! what be it , Diddy ? Tell Mummy ! " Harry 's foot be on the bottommost stair when Dudley find his voice . " him . " Harry freeze , foot on the stair , face screw up , brace for the explosion . " boy ! come here ! " with a feeling of mingle dread and anger , Harry remove his foot slowly from the stair and turn to follow the Dursley . the scrupulously clean kitchen have an oddly unreal glitter after the darkness outside . aunt Petunia be usher Dudley into a chair ; he be still very green and clammy look . Uncle Vernon be stand in front of the drain board , glare at Harry through tiny , narrow eye . " what have you do to my son ? " he say in a menace growl . " nothing , " say Harry , know perfectly well that Uncle Vernon would n't believe him . " what do he do to you , Diddy ? " aunt Petunia say in a quaver voice , now sponge sick from the front of Dudley 's leather jacket . " be it -- be it you-know-what , darling ? do he use -- his thing ? " slowly , tremulously , Dudley nod . " I do n't ! " Harry say sharply , as Aunt Petunia let out a wail and Uncle Vernon raise his fist . " I do n't do anything to him , it be n't me , it be -- " but at that precise moment a screech owl swoop in through the kitchen window . narrowly miss the top of Uncle Vernon 's head , it soar across the kitchen , drop the large parchment envelope it be carry in its beak at Harry 's foot , and turn gracefully , the tip of its wing just brush the top of the fridge , then zoom outside again and off across the garden . " owl ! " bellow Uncle Vernon , the well-worn vein in his temple pulse angrily as he slam the kitchen window shut . " owl Again ! I Will NOT Have Any More OWLS in My HOUSE ! " but Harry be already rip open the envelope and pull out the letter inside , his heart pound somewhere in the region of his Adam 's apple . Dear Mr. Potter , we have receive intelligence that you perform the Patronus Charm at twenty-three minute past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a Muggle . the severity of this breach of the decree for the reasonable restriction of Underage Sorcery have result in your expulsion from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . Ministry representative will be call at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand . as you have already receive an official warning for a previous offense under section @card@ of the International Confederation of Wizards ' statute of secrecy , we regret to inform you that your presence be require at a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at @card@ a.m. on August 12th . hope you be well , yours sincerely , IMPROPER Use of Magic Office Ministry of Magic Harry read the letter through twice . he be only vaguely aware of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia talk in the vicinity . inside his head , all be icy and numb . one fact have penetrate his consciousness like a paralyze dart . he be expel from Hogwarts . it be all over . he be never go back . he look up at the Dursley . Uncle Vernon be purple-faced , shout , his fist still raise ; Aunt Petunia have her arm around Dudley , who be retch again . Harry 's temporarily stupefy brain seem to reawaken . Ministry representative will be call at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand . there be only one thing for it . he would have to run -- now . where he be go to go , Harry do n't know , but he be certain of one thing : at Hogwarts or outside it , he need his wand . in an almost dreamlike state , he pull his wand out and turn to leave the kitchen . " where d'you think you be go ? " yell Uncle Vernon . when Harry do n't reply , he pound across the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall . " I have n't finish with you , boy ! " " get out of the way , " say Harry quietly . " you be go to stay here and explain how my son -- " " if you do n't get out of the way I be go to jinx you , " say Harry , raise the wand . " you ca n't pull that one on me ! " snarl Uncle Vernon . " I know you be not allow to use it outside that madhouse you call a school ! " " the madhouse have chuck me out , " say Harry . " so I can do whatever I like . you have get three second . one -- two -- " a resounding crack fill the kitchen ; Aunt Petunia scream , Uncle Vernon yell and duck , but for the third time that night Harry be stare for the source of a disturbance he have not make . he spot it at once : a daze and ruffled-looking barn owl be sit outside on the kitchen sill , have just collide with the closed window . ignore Uncle Vernon 's anguish yell of " OWLS ! " Harry cross the room at a run and wrench the window open again . the owl stick out its leg , to which a small roll of parchment be tie , shake its feather , and take off the moment Harry have pull off the letter . hand shake , Harry unfurl the second message , which be write very hastily and blotchily in black ink . Harry - Dumbledore 's just arrive at the Ministry , and he be try to sort it all out . do NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT and Uncle 's HOUSE . do NOT do Any More Magic . do NOT SURRENDER YOUR Wand . Dumbledore be try to sort it all out . ... what do that mean ? how much power do Dumbledore have to override the Ministry of Magic ? be there a chance that he might be allow back to Hogwarts , then ? a small shoot of hope burgeon in Harry 's chest , almost immediately strangle by panic -- how be he suppose to refuse to surrender his wand without do magic ? he will have to duel with the Ministry representative , and if he do that , he will be lucky to escape Azkaban , let alone expulsion . his mind be race . ... he could run for it and risk be capture by the Ministry , or stay put and wait for them to find him here . he be much more tempt by the former course , but he know that Mr. Weasley have his good interest at heart ... and , after all , Dumbledore have sort out much bad than this before . ... " right , " Harry say , " I have change my mind , I be stay . " he fling himself down at the kitchen table and face Dudley and Aunt Petunia . the Dursley appear take aback at his abrupt change of mind . aunt Petunia glance despairingly at Uncle Vernon . the vein in Uncle Vernon 's purple temple be throb bad than ever . " who be all these ruddy owl from ? " he growl . " the first one be from the Ministry of Magic , expel me , " say Harry calmly ; he be strain his ear to catch noise outside in case the Ministry representative be approach , and it be easy and quiet to answer Uncle Vernon 's question than to have him start rage and bellow . " the second one be from my friend Ron 's dad , he work at the Ministry . " " Ministry of Magic ? " bellow Uncle Vernon . " people like you in government ? oh this explain everything , everything , no wonder the country be go to the dog . ... " when Harry do not respond , Uncle Vernon glare at him , then spit , " and why have you be expel ? " " because I do magic . " " AHA ! " roar Uncle Vernon , slam his fist down on the top of the fridge , which spring open ; several of Dudley 's low-fat snack topple out and burst on the floor . " so you admit it ! what do you do to Dudley ? " " nothing , " say Harry , slightly less calmly . " that be n't me -- " " be , " mutter Dudley unexpectedly , and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly make flap gesture at Harry to quiet him while they both bent low over Dudley . " go on , son , " say Uncle Vernon , " what do he do ? " " tell us , darling , " whisper Aunt Petunia . " point his wand at me , " Dudley mumble . " yeah , I do , but I do n't use -- " Harry begin angrily , but ... " SHUT UP ! " roar Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in unison . " go on , son , " repeat Uncle Vernon , mustache blow about furiously . " all dark , " Dudley say hoarsely , shudder . " everything dark . and then I h-heard ... thing . inside m-my head ... " Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchange look of utter horror . if their least favorite thing in the world be magic , closely follow by neighbor who cheat more than they do on the hosepipe ban , people who hear voice be definitely in the bottom ten . they obviously think Dudley be lose his mind . " what sort of thing do you hear , popkin ? " breathe Aunt Petunia , very white-faced and with tear in her eye . but Dudley seem incapable of say . he shudder again and shake his large blond head , and despite the sense of numb dread that have settle on Harry since the arrival of the first owl , he feel a certain curiosity . Dementors cause a person to relive the bad moment of their life . ... what would spoil , pamper , bully Dudley have be force to hear ? " how come you fall over , son ? " say Uncle Vernon in an unnaturally quiet voice , the kind of voice he would adopt at the bedside of a very ill person . " T-tripped , " say Dudley shakily . " and then -- " he gesture at his massive chest . Harry understand : Dudley be remember the clammy cold that fill the lung as hope and happiness be suck out of you . " horrible , " croak Dudley . " cold . really cold . " " okay , " say Uncle Vernon in a voice of force calm , while Aunt Petunia lay an anxious hand on Dudley 's forehead to feel his temperature . " what happen then , Dudders ? " " feel ... feel ... felt ... as if ... as if ... " " as if you will never be happy again , " Harry supply tonelessly . " yes , " Dudley whisper , still tremble . " so , " say Uncle Vernon , voice restore to full and considerable volume as he straighten up . " so you put some crackpot spell on my son so he will hear voice and believe he be -- be doom to misery , or something , do you ? " " how many time do I have to tell you ? " say Harry , temper and voice rise together . " it be n't me ! it be a couple of dementors ! " " a couple of - what be this codswallop ? " " De -- man -- tor , " say Harry slowly and clearly . " two of them . " " and what the ruddy hell be dementors ? " " they guard the wizard prison , Azkaban , " say Aunt Petunia . two second ' ringing silence follow these word and then Aunt Petunia clap her hand over her mouth as though she have let slip a disgusting swear word . Uncle Vernon be goggle at her . Harry 's brain reel . Mrs. Figg be one thing -- but Aunt Petunia ? " how d'you know that ? " he ask her , astonish . aunt Petunia look quite appall with herself . she glance at Uncle Vernon in fearful apology , then lower her hand slightly to reveal her horsey tooth . " I hear -- that awful boy -- tell her about them -- year ago , " she say jerkily . " if you mean my mum and dad , why do n't you use their name ? " say Harry loudly , but Aunt Petunia ignore him . she seem horribly fluster . Harry be stun . except for one outburst year ago , in the course of which Aunt Petunia have scream that Harry 's mother have be a freak , he have never hear her mention her sister . he be astound that she have remember this scrap of information about the magical world for so long , when she usually put all her energy into pretend it do n't exist . Uncle Vernon open his mouth , close it again , open it once more , shut it , then , apparently struggle to remember how to talk , open it for a third time and croak , " so -- so -- they -- er -- they -- er -- they actually exist , do they -- er -- dementy-whatsits ? " aunt Petunia nod . Uncle Vernon look from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry as if hope somebody be go to shout " April Fool ! " when nobody do , he open his mouth yet again , but be spare the struggle to find more word by the arrival of the third owl of the evening , which zoom through the still-open window like a feathery cannonball and land with a clatter on the kitchen table , cause all three of the Dursley to jump with fright . Harry tear a second official-looking envelope from the owl 's beak and rip it open as the owl swoop back out into the night . " enough -- eff -- owl ... " mutter Uncle Vernon distractedly , stomp over to the window and slam it shut again . Dear Mr. Potter , Further to our letter of approximately twenty-two minute ago , the Ministry of Magic have revise its decision to destroy your wand forthwith . you may retain your wand until your disciplinary hearing on 12th August , at which time an official decision will be take . follow discussion with the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , the Ministry have agree that the question of your expulsion will also be decide at that time . you should therefore consider yourself suspend from school pend further inquiry . with good wish , yours sincerely , IMPROPER Use of Magic Office Ministry of Magic Harry read this letter through three time in quick succession . the miserable knot in his chest loosen slightly at the thought that he be not definitely expel , though his fear be by no mean banish . everything seem to hang on this hearing on the twelfth of August . " well ? " say Uncle Vernon , recall Harry to his surroundings . " what now ? have they sentence you to anything ? do your lot have the death penalty ? " he add as a hopeful afterthought . " I have get to go to a hearing , " say Harry . " and they will sentence you there ? " " I suppose so . " " I wo n't give up hope , then , " say Uncle Vernon nastily . " well , if that be all , " say Harry , get to his foot . he be desperate to be alone , to think , perhaps to send a letter to Ron , Hermione , or Sirius . " no , it Ruddy Well be NOT All ! " bellow Uncle Vernon . " sit Back Down ! " " what now ? " say Harry impatiently . " Dudley ! " roar Uncle Vernon . " I want to know exactly what happen to my son ! " " fine ! " yell Harry , and in his temper , red and gold spark shoot out of the end of his wand , still clutch in his hand . all three Dursley flinch , look terrify . " Dudley and I be in the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria walk , " say Harry , speak fast , fight to control his temper . " Dudley think he will be smart with me , I pull out my wand but do n't use it . then two dementors turn up -- " " but what be dementoids ? " ask Uncle Vernon furiously . " what do they DO ? " " I tell you -- they suck all the happiness out of you , " say Harry , " and if they get the chance , they kiss you -- " " Kiss you ? " say Uncle Vernon , his eye pop slightly . " kiss you ? " " it be what they call it when they suck the soul out of your mouth . " aunt Petunia utter a soft scream . " his soul ? they do n't take -- he be still get his -- " she seize Dudley by the shoulder and shake him , as though test to see whether she could hear his soul rattle around inside him . " of course they do n't get his soul , you will know if they have , " say Harry , exasperate . " Fought ' em off , do you , son ? " say Uncle Vernon loudly , with the appearance of a man struggle to bring the conversation back onto a plane he understand . " give ' em the old one-two , do you ? " " you ca n't give a dementor the old one-two , " say Harry through clench tooth . " why be he all right , then ? " bluster Uncle Vernon . " why be n't he all empty , then ? " " because I use the Patronus -- " WHOOSH . with a clatter , a whir of wing , and a soft fall of dust , a fourth owl come shoot out of the kitchen fireplace . " for God 's Sake ! " roar Uncle Vernon , pull great clump of hair out of his mustache , something he have n't be drive to in a long time . " I Will NOT Have OWLS here , I Will NOT TOLERATE This , I Tell you ! " but Harry be already pull a roll of parchment from the owl 's leg . he be so convince that this letter have to be from Dumbledore , explain everything -- the dementors , Mrs. Figg , what the Ministry be up to , how he , Dumbledore , intend to sort everything out -- that for the first time in his life he be disappoint to see Sirius 's handwriting . ignore Uncle Vernon 's ongoing rant about owl and narrow his eye against a second cloud of dust as the most recent owl take off back up the chimney , Harry read Sirius 's message . Harry find this such an inadequate response to everything that have happen tonight that he turn the piece of parchment over , look for the rest of the letter , but there be nothing there . and now his temper be rise again . be n't anybody go to say " well do " for fight off two dementors single-handedly ? both Mr. Weasley and Sirius be act as though he have misbehave and they be save their tellings-off until they could ascertain how much damage have be do . " - a peck , I mean , pack of owl shoot in and out of my house and I wo n't have it , boy , I wo n't -- " " I ca n't stop the owl come , " Harry snap , crush Sirius 's letter in his fist . " I want the truth about what happen tonight ! " bark Uncle Vernon . " if it be demenders who hurt Dudley , how come you have be expel ? you do you-know-what , you have admit it ! " Harry take a deep , steady breath . his head be begin to ache again . he want more than anything to get out of the kitchen , away from the Dursley . " I do the Patronus Charm to get rid of the dementors , " he say , force himself to remain calm . " it be the only thing that work against them . " " but what be dementoids do in Little Whinging ? " say Uncle Vernon in tone of outrage . " could n't tell you , " say Harry wearily . " no idea . " his head be pound in the glare of the strip lighting now . his anger be ebb away . he feel drain , exhaust . the Dursley be all stare at him . " it be you , " say Uncle Vernon forcefully . " it be get something to do with you , boy , I know it . why else would they turn up here ? why else would they be down that alleyway ? you have get to be the only -- the only -- " Evidently he could n't bring himself to say the word " wizard . " " the only you-know-what for mile . " " I do n't know why they be here . ... " but at these word of Uncle Vernon 's , Harry 's exhaust brain ground back into action . why have the dementors come to Little Whinging ? how could it be coincidence that they have arrive in the alleyway where Harry be ? have they be send ? have the Ministry of Magic lose control of the dementors , have they desert Azkaban and join Voldemort , as Dumbledore have predict they would ? " these demembers guard some weirdo ' prison ? " say Uncle Vernon , lumber in the wake of Harry 's train of thought . " yes , " say Harry . if only his head would stop hurt , if only he could just leave the kitchen and get to his dark bedroom and think . ... " Oho ! they be come to arrest you ! " say Uncle Vernon , with the triumphant air of a man reach an unassailable conclusion . " that be it , be n't it , boy ? you be on the run from the law ! " " of course I be not , " say Harry , shake his head as though to scare off a fly , his mind racing now . " then why -- ? " " he must have send them , " say Harry quietly , more to himself than to Uncle Vernon . " what be that ? who must have send them ? " " Lord Voldemort , " say Harry . he register dimly how strange it be that the Dursley , who flinch , wince , and squawk if they hear word like " wizard , " " magic , " or " wand , " could hear the name of the most evil wizard of all time without the slight tremor . " Lord -- hang on , " say Uncle Vernon , his face screw up , a look of dawn comprehension in his piggy eye . " I have hear that name ... that be the one who ... " " murder my parent , yes , " Harry say . " but he be go , " say Uncle Vernon impatiently , without the slight sign that the murder of Harry 's parent might be a painful topic to anybody . " that giant bloke say so . he be go . " " he be back , " say Harry heavily . it feel very strange to be stand here in Aunt Petunia 's surgically clean kitchen , beside the top-of-the-range fridge and the wide-screen television , and talk calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle Vernon . the arrival of the dementors in Little Whinging seem to have cause a breach in the great , invisible wall that divide the relentlessly non-magical world of Privet Drive and the world beyond . Harry 's two life have somehow become fuse and everything have be turn upside down : the Dursley be ask for detail about the magical world and Mrs. Figg know Albus Dumbledore ; dementors be soar around Little Whinging and he might never go back to Hogwarts . Harry 's head throb more painfully . " back ? " whisper Aunt Petunia . she be look at Harry as she have never look at him before . and all of a sudden , for the very first time in his life , Harry fully appreciate that Aunt Petunia be his mother 's sister . he could not have say why this hit him so very powerfully at this moment . all he know be that he be not the only person in the room who have an inkling of what Lord Voldemort be back might mean . aunt Petunia have never in her life look at him like that before . her large , pale eye ( so unlike her sister 's ) be not narrow in dislike or anger : they be wide and fearful . the furious pretense that Aunt Petunia have maintain all Harry 's life -- that there be no magic and no world other than the world she inhabit with Uncle Vernon -- seem to have fall away . " yes , " Harry say , talk directly to Aunt Petunia now . " he come back a month ago . I see him . " her hand find Dudley 's massive leather-clad shoulder and clutch them . " hang on , " say Uncle Vernon , look from his wife to Harry and back again , apparently daze and confuse by the unprecedented understanding that seem to have spring up between them . " hang on . this Lord Voldything 's back , you say . " " yes . " " the one who murder your parent . " " yes . " " and now he be send dismember after you ? " " look like it , " say Harry . " I see , " say Uncle Vernon , look from his white-faced wife to Harry and hitch up his trouser . he seem to be swell , his great purple face stretch before Harry 's eye . " well , that settle it , " he say , his shirt front strain as he inflate himself , " you can get out of this house , boy ! " " what ? " say Harry . " you hear me -- out ! " Uncle Vernon bellow , and even Aunt Petunia and Dudley jump . " out ! out ! I should have do it year ago ! owl treat the place like a rest home , pudding explode , half the lounge destroy , Dudley 's tail , Marge bob around on the ceiling , and that fly Ford Anglia -- out ! out ! you have have it ! you be history ! you be not stay here if some loony be after you , you be not endanger my wife and son , you be not bring trouble down on us , if you be go the same way as your useless parent , I have have it ! out ! " Harry stand root to the spot . the letter from the Ministry , Mr. Weasley , and Sirius be crush in his left hand . do n't leave the house again , whatever you do . do NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT and Uncle 's HOUSE . " you hear me ! " say Uncle Vernon , bend forward now , so that his massive purple face come closer to Harry 's , so that Harry actually feel fleck of spit hit his face . " get go ! you be all keen to leave half an hour ago ! I be right behind you ! get out and never darken our doorstep again ! why we ever keep you in the first place I do n't know . Marge be right , it should have be the orphanage , we be too damn soft for our own good , think we could squash it out of you , think we could turn you normal , but you have be rotten from the beginning , and I have have enough -- owl ! " the fifth owl zoom down the chimney so fast it actually hit the floor before zoom into the air again with a loud screech . Harry raise his hand to seize the letter , which be in a scarlet envelope , but it soar straight over his head , fly directly at Aunt Petunia , who let out a scream and duck , her arm over her face . the owl drop the red envelope on her head , turn , and fly straight up the chimney again . Harry dart forward to pick up the letter , but Aunt Petunia beat him to it . " you can open it if you like , " say Harry , " but I will hear what it say anyway . that be a Howler . " " let go of it , Petunia ! " roar Uncle Vernon . " do n't touch it , it could be dangerous ! " " it be address to me , " say Aunt Petunia in a shake voice . " it be address to me , Vernon , look ! Mrs. Petunia Dursley , the Kitchen , Number Four , Privet Drive -- " she catch her breath , horrify . the red envelope have begin to smoke . " open it ! " Harry urge her . " get it over with ! it will happen anyway -- " " no -- " Aunt Petunia 's hand be tremble . she look wildly around the kitchen as though look for an escape route , but too late -- the envelope burst into flame . aunt Petunia scream and drop it . an awful voice fill the kitchen , echo in the confine space , issue from the burning letter on the table . " remember My Last , Petunia . " aunt Petunia look as though she might faint . she sink into the chair beside Dudley , her face in her hand . the remain of the envelope smolder into ash in the silence . " what be this ? " Uncle Vernon say hoarsely . " what -- I do n't -- Petunia ? " aunt Petunia say nothing . Dudley be stare stupidly at his mother , his mouth hang open . the silence spiral horribly . Harry be watch his aunt , utterly bewilder , his head throb fit to burst . " Petunia , dear ? " say Uncle Vernon timidly . " P-Petunia ? " she raise her head . she be still tremble . she swallow . " the boy -- the boy will have to stay , Vernon , " she say weakly . " W-what ? " " he stay , " she say . she be not look at Harry . she get to her foot again . " he ... but Petunia ... " " if we throw him out , the neighbor will talk , " she say . she be regain her usual brisk , snappish manner rapidly , though she be still very pale . " they will ask awkward question , they will want to know where he be go . we will have to keep him . " Uncle Vernon be deflate like an old tire . " but Petunia , dear -- " Aunt Petunia ignore him . she turn to Harry . " you be to stay in your room , " she say . " you be not to leave the house . now get to bed . " Harry do n't move . " who be that Howler from ? " " do n't ask question , " Aunt Petunia snap . " be you in touch with wizard ? " " I tell you to get to bed ! " " what do it mean ? remember the last what ? " " go to bed ! " " how come -- ? " " you Heard YOUR AUNT , NOW GET To BED ! " the Advanced Guard " I have just be attack by dementors and I might be expel from Hogwarts . I want to know what be go on and when I be go to get out of here . Harry copy these word onto three separate piece of parchment the moment he reach the desk in his dark bedroom . he address the first to Sirius , the second to Ron , and the third to Hermione . his owl , Hedwig , be off hunt ; her cage stand empty on the desk . Harry pace the bedroom wait for her to come back , his head pound , his brain too busy for sleep even though his eye sting and itch with tiredness . his back ache from carry Dudley home , and the two lump on his head where the window and Dudley have hit him be throb painfully . up and down he pace , consume with anger and frustration , grind his tooth and clench his fist , cast angry look out at the empty , star-strewn sky every time he pass the window . Dementors send to get him , Mrs. Figg and Mundungus Fletcher tail him in secret , then suspension from Hogwarts and a hearing at the Ministry of Magic -- and still no one be tell him what be go on . and what , what , have that howler be about ? whose voice have echo so horribly , so menacingly , through the kitchen ? why be he still trap here without information ? why be everyone treat him like some naughty kid ? do n't do any more magic , stay in the house . ... he kick his school trunk as he pass it , but far from relieve his anger he feel bad , as he now have a sharp pain in his toe to deal with in addition to the pain in the rest of his body . just as he limp past the window , Hedwig soar through it with a soft rustle of wing like a small ghost . " about time ! " Harry snarl , as she land lightly on top of her cage . " you can put that down , I have get work for you ! " Hedwig 's large round amber eye gaze reproachfully at him over the dead frog clamp in her beak . " come here , " say Harry , pick up the three small roll of parchment and a leather thong and tie the scroll to her scaly leg . " take these straight to Sirius , Ron , and Hermione and do n't come back here without good long reply . keep peck them till they have write decent-length answer if you have get to . understand ? " Hedwig give a muffle hoot noise , beak still full of frog . " get go , then , " say Harry . she take off immediately . the moment she have go , Harry throw himself down onto his bed without undress and stare at the dark ceiling . in addition to every other miserable feeling , he now feel guilty that he have be irritable with Hedwig ; she be the only friend he have at number four , Privet Drive . but he will make it up to her when she come back with Sirius 's , Ron 's , and Hermione 's answer . they be bind to write back quickly ; they could n't possibly ignore a dementor attack . he will probably wake up tomorrow to three fat letter full of sympathy and plan for his immediate removal to the Burrow . and with that comforting idea , sleep roll over him , stifle all further thought . * * * but Hedwig do n't return next morning . Harry spend the day in his bedroom , leave it only to go to the bathroom . three time that day Aunt Petunia shove food into his room through the cat flap Uncle Vernon have install three summer ago . every time Harry hear her approach he try to question her about the Howler , but he might as well have interrogate the doorknob for all the answer he get . otherwise the Dursley keep well clear of his bedroom . Harry could n't see the point of force his company on them ; another row would achieve nothing except perhaps make him so angry he will perform more illegal magic . so it go on for three whole day . Harry be fill alternately with restless energy that make him unable to settle to anything , during which he pace his bedroom again , furious at the whole lot of them for leave him to stew in this mess , and with a lethargy so complete that he could lie on his bed for an hour at a time , stare dazedly into space , ache with dread at the thought of the Ministry hearing . what if they rule against him ? what if he be expel and his wand be snap in half ? what would he do , where would he go ? he could not return to live full-time with the Dursley , not now that he know the other world , the one to which he really belong . ... be it possible that he might be able to move into Sirius 's house , as Sirius have suggest a year ago , before he have be force to flee from the Ministry himself ? would he be allow to live there alone , give that he be still underage ? or would the matter of where he go next be decide for him ; have his breach of the International Statute of Secrecy be severe enough to land him in a cell in Azkaban ? whenever this thought occur , Harry invariably slide off his bed and begin pace again . on the fourth night after Hedwig 's departure Harry be lie in one of his apathetic phase , stare at the ceiling , his exhaust mind quite blank , when his uncle enter his bedroom . Harry look slowly around at him . Uncle Vernon be wear his good suit and an expression of enormous smugness . " we be go out , " he say . " sorry ? " " we -- that be to say , your aunt , Dudley , and I -- be go out . " " fine , " say Harry dully , look back at the ceiling . " you be not to leave your bedroom while we be away . " " okay . " " you be not to touch the television , the stereo , or any of our possession . " " right . " " you be not to steal food from the fridge . " " okay . " " I be go to lock your door . " " you do that . " Uncle Vernon glare at Harry , clearly suspicious of this lack of argument , then stomp out of the room and close the door behind him . Harry hear the key turn in the lock and Uncle Vernon 's footstep walk heavily down the stair . a few minute later he hear the slam of car door , the rumble of an engine , and the unmistakable sound of the car sweep out of the drive . Harry have no particular feeling about the Dursley leave . it make no difference to him whether they be in the house or not . he could not even summon the energy to get up and turn on his bedroom light . the room grow steadily dark around him as he lie listen to the night sound through the window he keep open all the time , wait for the blessed moment when Hedwig return . the empty house creak around him . the pipe gurgle . Harry lie there in a kind of stupor , think of nothing , suspend in misery . and then , quite distinctly , he hear a crash in the kitchen below . he sit bolt upright , listen intently . the Dursley could n't be back , it be much too soon , and in any case he have n't hear their car . there be silence for a few second , and then he hear voice . burglar , he think , slide off the bed onto his foot -- but a split second later it occur to him that burglar would keep their voice down , and whoever be move around in the kitchen be certainly not troubling to do so . he snatch up his wand from his bedside table and stand face his bedroom door , listen with all his might . next moment he jump as the lock give a loud click and his door swing open . Harry stand motionless , stare through the open door at the dark upstairs landing , strain his ear for further sound , but none come . he hesitate for a moment and then move swiftly and silently out of his room to the head of the stair . his heart shoot upward into his throat . there be people stand in the shadowy hall below , silhouette against the streetlight glow through the glass door ; eight or nine of them , all , as far as he could see , look up at him . " lower your wand , boy , before you take someone 's eye out , " say a low , growl voice . Harry 's heart be thump uncontrollably . he know that voice , but he do not lower his wand . " Professor Moody ? " he say uncertainly . " I do n't know so much about ' Professor , ' " growl the voice , " never get round to much teaching , do I ? get down here , we want to see you properly . " Harry lower his wand slightly but do not relax his grip on it , nor do he move . he have very good reason to be suspicious . he have recently spend nine month in what he have thought be Mad-Eye Moody 's company only to find out that it be n't moody at all , but an impostor ; an impostor , moreover , who have try to kill Harry before be unmask . but before he could make a decision about what to do next , a second , slightly hoarse voice float upstairs . " it be all right , Harry . we have come to take you away . " Harry 's heart leap . he know that voice too , though he have n't hear it for more than a year . " P-Professor Lupin ? " he say disbelievingly . " be that you ? " " why be we all standing in the dark ? " say a third voice , this one completely unfamiliar , a woman 's . " Lumos . " a wand tip flare , illuminate the hall with magical light . Harry blink . the people below be crowd around the foot of the stair , gaze intently up at him , some crane their head for a good look . Remus Lupin stand nearest to him . though still quite young , Lupin look tired and rather ill ; he have more gray hair than when Harry have say good-bye to him , and his robe be more patched and shabby than ever . nevertheless , he be smile broadly at Harry , who try to smile back through his shock . " Oooh , he look just like I think he would , " say the witch who be hold her light wand aloft . she look the young there ; she have a pale heart-shaped face , dark twinkling eye , and short spiky hair that be a violent shade of violet . " Wotcher , Harry ! " " yeah , I see what you mean , Remus , " say a bald black wizard stand farthest back ; he have a deep , slow voice and wear a single gold hoop in his ear . " he look exactly like James . " " except the eye , " say a wheezy-voiced , silver-haired wizard at the back . " Lily 's eye . " Mad-Eye Moody , who have long grizzle gray hair and a large chunk miss from his nose , be squint suspiciously at Harry through his mismatch eye . one of the eye be small , dark , and beady , the other large , round , and electric blue -- the magical eye that could see through wall , door , and the back of Moody 's own head . " be you quite sure it be him , Lupin ? " he growl . " it will be a nice lookout if we bring back some Death Eater impersonate him . we ought to ask him something only the real Potter would know . unless anyone bring any Veritaserum ? " " Harry , what form do your Patronus take ? " say Lupin . " a stag , " say Harry nervously . " that be him , Mad-Eye , " say Lupin . Harry descend the stair , very conscious of everybody still stare at him , stow his wand into the back pocket of his jean as he come . " do n't put your wand there , boy ! " roar Moody . " what if it ignite ? good wizard than you have lose buttock , you know ! " " who d'you know who be lose a buttock ? " the violet-haired woman ask Mad-Eye interestedly . " never you mind , you just keep your wand out of your back pocket ! " growl Mad-Eye . " elementary wand safety , nobody bother about it anymore . ... " he stump off toward the kitchen . " and I see that , " he add irritably , as the woman roll her eye at the ceiling . lupin hold out his hand and shake Harry 's . " how be you ? " he ask , look at Harry closely . " F-fine ... " Harry could hardly believe this be real . four week with nothing , not the tiny hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive , and suddenly a whole bunch of wizard be stand matter-of-factly in the house as though this be a long-standing arrangement . he glance at the people surround Lupin ; they be still gaze avidly at him . he feel very conscious of the fact that he have not comb his hair for four day . " I be -- you be really lucky the Dursley be out ... " he mumble . " Lucky , ha ! " say the violet-haired woman . " it be me that lure them out of the way . send a letter by Muggle post tell them they have be short-list for the All-England Best-Kept Suburban Lawn Competition . they be head off to the prize-giving right now . ... or they think they be . " Harry have a fleeting vision of Uncle Vernon 's face when he realize there be no All-England Best-Kept Suburban Lawn Competition . " we be leave , be n't we ? " he ask . " soon ? " " almost at once , " say Lupin , " we be just wait for the all-clear . " " where be we go ? the Burrow ? " Harry ask hopefully . " not the Burrow , no , " say Lupin , motion Harry toward the kitchen ; the little knot of wizard follow , all still eye Harry curiously . " too risky . we have set up headquarters somewhere undetectable . it have take a while . ... " Mad-Eye Moody be now sit at the kitchen table swig from a hip flask , his magical eye spin in all direction , take in the Dursley ' many labor-saving appliance . " this be Alastor Moody , Harry , " Lupin continue , point toward Moody . " yeah , I know , " say Harry uncomfortably ; it feel odd to be introduce to somebody he have think he will know for a year . " and this be Nymphadora -- " " do n't call me Nymphadora , Remus , " say the young witch with a shudder . " it be Tonks . " " - Nymphadora Tonks , who prefer to be know by her surname only , " finish Lupin . " so would you if your fool of a mother have call you ' Nymphadora , ' " mutter Tonks . " and this be Kingsley Shacklebolt " -- he indicate the tall black wizard , who bow -- " Elphias Doge " -- the wheezy-voiced wizard nod -- " Dedalus Diggle -- " " we have meet before , " squeak the excitable Diggle , drop his top hat . " - Emmeline Vance " -- a stately look witch in an emerald-green shawl incline her head -- " Sturgis Podmore " -- a square-jawed wizard with thick , straw-colored hair wink -- " and Hestia Jones . " a pink-cheeked , black-haired witch wave from next to the toaster . Harry incline his head awkwardly at each of them as they be introduce . he wish they would look at something other than him ; it be as though he have suddenly be usher onstage . he also wonder why so many of them be there . " a surprising number of people volunteer to come and get you , " say Lupin , as though he have read Harry 's mind ; the corner of his mouth twitch slightly . " yeah , well , the more the good , " say Moody darkly . " we be your guard , Potter . " " we be just wait for the signal to tell us it be safe to set off , " say Lupin , glance out of the kitchen window . " we have get about fifteen minute . " " very clean , be n't they , these Muggles ? " say the witch call Tonks , who be look around the kitchen with great interest . " my dad 's Muggle-born and he be a right old slob . I suppose it vary , just like with wizard ? " " er -- yeah , " say Harry . " look " -- he turn back to Lupin -- " what be go on , I have n't hear anything from anyone , what be Vol -- ? " several of the witch and wizard make odd hiss noise ; Dedalus Diggle drop his hat again , and Moody growl , " Shut up ! " " what ? " say Harry . " we be not discuss anything here , it be too risky , " say Moody , turn his normal eye on Harry ; his magical eye remain point up at the ceiling . " damn it , " he add angrily , put a hand up to the magical eye , " it keep stick -- ever since that scum wear it -- " and with a nasty squelch sound much like a plunger be pull from a sink , he pop out his eye . " Mad-Eye , you do know that be disgusting , do n't you ? " say Tonks conversationally . " get me a glass of water , would you , Harry ? " ask Moody . Harry cross to the dishwasher , take out a clean glass , and fill it with water at the sink , still watch eagerly by the band of wizard . their relentless stare be start to annoy him . " cheer , " say Moody , when Harry hand him the glass . he drop the magical eyeball into the water and prod it up and down ; the eye whiz around , stare at them all in turn . " I want three-hundred-and-sixty degree visibility on the return journey . " " how be we get -- wherever we be go ? " Harry ask . " broom , " say Lupin . " only way . you be too young to Apparate , they will be watch the Floo Network , and it be more than our life be worth to set up an unauthorized Portkey . " " Remus say you be a good flier , " say Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep voice . " he be excellent , " say Lupin , who be check his watch . " anyway , you will well go and get pack , Harry , we want to be ready to go when the signal come . " " I will come and help you , " say Tonks brightly . she follow Harry back into the hall and up the stair , look around with much curiosity and interest . " funny place , " she say , " it be a bit too clean , d'you know what I mean ? bit unnatural . oh , this be good , " she add , as they enter Harry 's bedroom and he turn on the light . his room be certainly much messy than the rest of the house . confine to it for four day in a very bad mood , Harry have not bother tidy up after himself . most of the book he own be strew over the floor where he have try to distract himself with each in turn and throw it aside . Hedwig 's cage need clean out and be start to smell , and his trunk lie open , reveal a jumble mixture of Muggle clothes and wizard 's robe that have spill onto the floor around it . Harry start pick up book and throw them hastily into his trunk . tonk pause at his open wardrobe to look critically at her reflection in the mirror on the inside of the door . " you know , I do n't think purple be really my color , " she say pensively , tug at a lock of spiky hair . " D'you think it make me look a bit peaky ? " " er -- " say Harry , look up at her over the top of Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland . " yeah , it do , " say Tonks decisively . she screw up her eye in a strained expression as though she be struggle to remember something . a second later , her hair have turn bubble-gum pink . " how do you do that ? " say Harry , gape at her as she open her eye again . " I be a Metamorphmagus , " she say , look back at her reflection and turn her head so that she could see her hair from all direction . " it mean I can change my appearance at will , " she add , spot Harry 's puzzle expression in the mirror behind her . " I be bear one . I get top mark in Concealment and Disguise during Auror training without any study at all , it be great . " " you be an Auror ? " say Harry , impress . be a dark wizard catcher be the only career he have ever consider after Hogwarts . " yeah , " say Tonks , look proud . " Kingsley be as well ; he be a bit higher up than I be , though . I only qualify a year ago . nearly fail on Stealth and Tracking , I be dead clumsy , do you hear me break that plate when we arrive downstairs ? " " can you learn how to be a Metamorphmagus ? " Harry ask her , straighten up , completely forget about packing . Tonks chuckle . " bet you would n't mind hide that scar sometimes , eh ? " her eye find the lightning-shaped scar on Harry 's forehead . " no , I would n't mind , " Harry mumble , turn away . he do not like people stare at his scar . " well , you will have to learn the hard way , I be afraid , " say Tonks . " Metamorphmagi be really rare , they be bear , not make . most wizard need to use a wand or potion to change their appearance . ... but we have get to get go , Harry , we be suppose to be pack , " she add guiltily , look around at all the mess on the floor . " oh -- yeah , " say Harry , grab up a few more book . " do n't be stupid , it will be much quick if I -- pack ! " cry Tonks , wave her wand in a long , sweeping movement over the floor . book , clothes , telescope , and scale all soar into the air and fly pell-mell into the trunk . " it be not very neat , " say Tonks , walk over to the trunk and look down at the jumble inside . " my mum be get this knack of get stuff to fit itself in neatly -- she even get the sock to fold themselves -- but I have never master how she do it -- it be a kind of flick -- " she flick her wand hopefully ; one of Harry 's sock give a feeble sort of wiggle and flop back on top of the mess within . " ah , well , " say Tonks , slam the trunk 's lid shut , " at least it be all in . that could do with a bit of cleaning , too -- Scourgify -- " she point her wand at Hedwig 's cage ; a few feather and droppings vanish . " well , that be a bit well -- I have never quite get the hang of these sort of householdy spell . right -- get everything ? cauldron ? Broom ? wow ! a Firebolt ? " her eye widen as they fall on the broomstick in Harry 's right hand . it be his pride and joy , a gift from Sirius , an international standard broomstick . " and I be still ride a Comet Two Sixty , " say Tonks enviously . " ah well ... wand still in your jean ? both buttock still on ? okay , let be go . locomotor Trunk . " Harry 's trunk rise a few inch into the air . hold her wand like a conductor 's baton , Tonks make it hover across the room and out of the door ahead of them , Hedwig 's cage in her left hand . Harry follow her down the stair carry his broomstick . back in the kitchen , Moody have replace his eye , which be spin so fast after its cleaning it make Harry feel sick . Kingsley Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore be examine the microwave and Hestia Jones be laugh at a potato peeler she have come across while rummage in the drawers . lupin be seal a letter address to the Dursley . " excellent , " say Lupin , look up as Tonks and Harry enter . " we have get about a minute , I think . we should probably get out into the garden so we be ready . Harry , I have leave a letter tell your aunt and uncle not to worry -- " " they wo n't , " say Harry . " that you be safe -- " " that will just depress them . " " - and you will see them next summer . " " do I have to ? " lupin smile but make no answer . " come here , boy , " say Moody gruffly , beckon Harry toward him with his wand . " I need to Disillusion you . " " you need to what ? " say Harry nervously . " disillusionment Charm , " say Moody , raise his wand . " lupin say you have get an Invisibility Cloak , but it wo n't stay on while we be fly ; this will disguise you good . here you go -- " he rap Harry hard on the top of the head and Harry feel a curious sensation as though Moody have just smash an egg there ; cold trickle seem to be run down his body from the point the wand have strike . " nice one , Mad-Eye , " say Tonks appreciatively , stare at Harry 's midriff . Harry look down at his body , or rather , what have be his body , for it do n't look anything like his anymore . it be not invisible ; it have simply take on the exact color and texture of the kitchen unit behind him . he seem to have become a human chameleon . " come on , " say Moody , unlock the back door with his wand . they all step outside onto Uncle Vernon 's beautifully keep lawn . " clear night , " grunt Moody , his magical eye scan the heaven . " could have do with a bit more cloud cover . right , you , " he bark at Harry , " we be go to be fly in close formation . tonk will be right in front of you , keep close on her tail . lupin will be cover you from below . I be go to be behind you . the rest will be circle us . we do n't break rank for anything , get me ? if one of us be kill -- " " be that likely ? " Harry ask apprehensively , but Moody ignore him . " - the other keep fly , do n't stop , do n't break rank . if they take out all of us and you survive , Harry , the rear guard be stand by to take over ; keep fly east and they will join you . " " stop be so cheerful , Mad-Eye , he will think we be not take this seriously , " say Tonks , as she strap Harry 's trunk and Hedwig 's cage into a harness hang from her broom . " I be just tell the boy the plan , " growl Moody . " our job be to deliver him safely to headquarters and if we die in the attempt -- " " no one be go to die , " say Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep , calming voice . " mount your broom , that be the first signal ! " say Lupin sharply , point into the sky . far , far above them , a shower of bright red spark have flare among the star . Harry recognize them at once as wand spark . he swing his right leg over his Firebolt , grip its handle tightly , and feel it vibrate very slightly , as though it be as keen as he be to be up in the air once more . " second signal , let be go ! " say Lupin loudly , as more spark , green this time , explode high above them . Harry kick off hard from the ground . the cool night air rush through his hair as the neat square garden of Privet Drive fall away , shrink rapidly into a patchwork of dark green and black , and every thought of the Ministry hearing be sweep from his mind as though the rush of air have blow it out of his head . he feel as though his heart be go to explode with pleasure ; he be fly again , fly away from Privet Drive as he have be fantasize about all summer , he be go home . ... for a few glorious moment , all his problem seem to recede into nothing , insignificant in the vast , starry sky . " hard leave , hard leave , there be a Muggle look up ! " shout Moody from behind him . tonk swerve and Harry follow her , watch his trunk swing wildly beneath her broom . " we need more height . ... give it another quarter of a mile ! " Harry 's eye water in the chill as they soar upward ; he could see nothing below now but tiny pinprick of light that be car headlight and streetlamp . two of those tiny light might belong to Uncle Vernon 's car . ... the Dursley would be head back to their empty house right now , full of rage about the nonexistent lawn competition ... and Harry laugh aloud at the thought , though his voice be drown by the flap of the other ' robe , the creak of the harness hold his trunk and the cage , the whoosh of the wind in their ear as they speed through the air . he have not feel this alive in a month , or this happy . ... " Bearing south ! " shout Mad-Eye . " town ahead ! " they soar right , so that they do not pass directly over the glitter spiderweb of light below . " bear southeast and keep climb , there be some low cloud ahead we can lose ourselves in ! " call Moody . " we be not go through cloud ! " shout Tonks angrily . " we will get soak , Mad-Eye ! " Harry be relieve to hear her say this ; his hand be grow numb on the Firebolt 's handle . he wish he have think to put on a coat ; he be start to shiver . they alter their course every now and then accord to Mad-Eye 's instruction . Harry 's eye be screw up against the rush of icy wind that be start to make his ear ache . he could remember be this cold on a broom only once before , during the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff in his third year , which have take place in a storm . the guard around him be circle continuously like giant bird of prey . Harry lose track of time . he wonder how long they have be fly ; it feel like an hour at least . " turn southwest ! " yell Moody . " we want to avoid the motorway ! " Harry be now so chill that he think longingly for a moment of the snug , dry interior of the car stream along below , then , even more longingly , of travel by Floo powder ; it might be uncomfortable to spin around in fireplace but it be at least warm in the flame . ... Kingsley Shacklebolt swoop around him , bald pate and earring gleam slightly in the moonlight . ... now Emmeline Vance be on his right , her wand out , her head turn left and right ... then she too swoop over him , to be replace by Sturgis Podmore . ... " we ought to double back for a bit , just to make sure we be not be follow ! " Moody shout . " be you Mad , MAD-EYE ? " Tonks scream from the front . " we be all freeze to our broom ! if we keep go off course we be not go to get there until next week ! we be nearly there now ! " " time to start the descent ! " come Lupin 's voice . " follow Tonks , Harry ! " Harry follow Tonks into a dive . they be head for the large collection of light he have yet see , a huge , sprawling , crisscross mass , glitter in line and grid , intersperse with patch of deep black . low and low they fly , until Harry could see individual headlight and streetlamp , chimney , and television aerial . he want to reach the ground very much , though he feel sure that someone would have to unfreeze him from his broom . " here we go ! " call Tonks , and a few second later she have land . Harry touch down right behind her and dismount on a patch of unkempt grass in the middle of a small square . tonk be already unbuckle Harry 's trunk . shiver , Harry look around . the grimy front of the surround house be not welcome ; some of them have break window , glimmer dully in the light from the street-lamps , paint be peel from many of the door , and heap of rubbish lay outside several set of front step . " where be we ? " Harry ask , but Lupin say quietly , " in a minute . " Moody be rummage in his cloak , his gnarled hand clumsy with cold . " got it , " he mutter , raise what look like a silver cigarette light into the air and click it . the near streetlamp go out with a pop . he click the un-lighter again ; the next lamp go out . he keep click until every lamp in the square be extinguish and the only light in the square come from curtain window and the sickle moon overhead . " borrow it from Dumbledore , " growl Moody , pocket the Put-Outer . " that will take care of any Muggles look out of the window , see ? now , come on , quick . " he take Harry by the arm and lead him from the patch of grass , across the road , and onto the pavement . lupin and Tonks follow , carry Harry 's trunk between them , the rest of the guard , all with their wand out , flank them . the muffle pound of a stereo be come from an upper window in the near house . a pungent smell of rot rubbish come from the pile of bulge bin-bags just inside the break gate . " here , " Moody mutter , thrust a piece of parchment toward Harry 's Disillusioned hand and hold his light wand close to it , so as to illuminate the writing . " read quickly and memorize . " Harry look down at the piece of paper . the narrow handwriting be vaguely familiar . it say : number twelve , Grimmauld Place " what be the order of the -- ? " Harry begin . " not here , boy ! " snarl Moody . " wait till we be inside ! " he pull the piece of parchment out of Harry 's hand and set fire to it with his wand tip . as the message curl into flame and float to the ground , Harry look around at the house again . they be stand outside number eleven ; he look to the left and see number ten ; to the right , however , be number thirteen . " but where be -- ? " " think about what you have just memorize , " say Lupin quietly . Harry think , and no sooner have he reach the part about number twelve , Grimmauld Place , than a battered door emerge out of nowhere between number eleven and thirteen , follow swiftly by dirty wall and grimy window . it be as though an extra house have inflate , push those on either side out of its way . Harry gape at it . the stereo in number eleven thud on . apparently the Muggles inside have n't even feel anything . " come on , hurry , " growl Moody , prod Harry in the back . Harry walk up the worn stone step , stare at the newly materialize door . its black paint be shabby and scratch . the silver door knocker be in the form of a twisted serpent . there be no keyhole or letterbox . lupin pull out his wand and tap the door once . Harry hear many loud , metallic click and what sound like the clatter of a chain . the door creak open . " get in quick , Harry , " Lupin whisper . " but do n't go far inside and do n't touch anything . " Harry step over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the hall . he could smell damp , dust , and a sweetish , rot smell ; the place have the feeling of a derelict building . he look over his shoulder and see the other file in behind him , Lupin and Tonks carry his trunk and Hedwig 's cage . Moody be stand on the top step and release the ball of light the Put-Outer have steal from the street-lamps ; they fly back to their bulb and the square beyond glow momentarily with orange light before Moody limp inside and close the front door , so that the darkness in the hall become complete . " here -- " he rap Harry hard over the head with his wand ; Harry feel as though something hot be trickle down his back this time and know that the Disillusionment Charm must have lift . " now stay still , everyone , while I give us a bit of light in here , " Moody whisper . the other ' hush voice be give Harry an odd feeling of foreboding ; it be as though they have just enter the house of a die person . he hear a soft hiss noise and then old-fashioned gas lamp sputter into life all along the wall , cast a flicker insubstantial light over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long , gloomy hallway , where a cobwebby chandelier glimmer overhead and age-blackened portrait hang crooked on the wall . Harry hear something scuttle behind the baseboard . both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby be shape like serpent . there be hurried footstep and Ron 's mother , Mrs. Weasley , emerge from a door at the far end of the hall . she be beam in welcome as she hurry toward them , though Harry notice that she be rather thin and pale than she have be last time he have see her . " oh , Harry , it be lovely to see you ! " she whisper , pull him into a rib-cracking hug before hold him at arm 's length and examine him critically . " you be look peaky ; you need feed up , but you will have to wait a bit for dinner , I be afraid . ... " she turn to the gang of wizard behind him and whisper urgently , " he be just arrive , the meeting be start . ... " the wizard behind Harry all make noise of interest and excitement and begin filing past Harry toward the door through which Mrs. Weasley have just come ; Harry make to follow Lupin , but Mrs. Weasley hold him back . " no , Harry , the meeting be only for member of the order . Ron and Hermione be upstairs , you can wait with them until the meeting be over and then we will have dinner . and keep your voice down in the hall , " she add in an urgent whisper . " why ? " " I do n't want to wake anything up . " " what d'you -- ? " " I will explain later , I have get to hurry , I be suppose to be at the meeting -- I will just show you where you be sleep . " press her finger to her lip , she lead him on tiptoe past a pair of long , moth-eaten curtain , behind which Harry suppose there must be another door , and after skirt a large umbrella stand that look as though it have be make from a sever troll 's leg , they start up the dark staircase , pass a row of shrunken head mount on plaque on the wall . a close look show Harry that the head belong to house-elves . all of them have the same rather snoutlike nose . Harry 's bewilderment deepen with every step he take . what on earth be they do in a house that look as though it belong to the Darkest of wizard ? " Mrs. Weasley , why -- ? " " Ron and Hermione will explain everything , dear , I have really get to dash , " Mrs. Weasley whisper distractedly . " there " -- they have reach the second landing -- " you be the door on the right . I will call you when it be over . " and she hurry off downstairs again . Harry cross the dingy landing , turn the bedroom doorknob , which be shape like a serpent 's head , and open the door . he catch a brief glimpse of a gloomy high-ceilinged , twin-bedded room , then there be a loud twitter noise , follow by an even loud shriek , and his vision be completely obscure by a large quantity of very bushy hair -- Hermione have throw herself onto him in a hug that nearly knock him flat , while Ron 's tiny owl , Pigwidgeon , zoom excitedly round and round their head . " harry ! Ron , he be here , Harry 's here ! we do n't hear you arrive ! oh , how be you ? be you all right ? have you be furious with us ? I bet you have , I know our letter be useless -- but we could n't tell you anything , Dumbledore make us swear we would n't , oh , we have get so much to tell you , and you have get to tell us -- the dementors ! when we hear -- and that Ministry hearing -- it be just outrageous , I have look it all up , they ca n't expel you , they just ca n't , there be provision in the decree for the restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situation -- " " let him breathe , Hermione , " say Ron , grin , close the door behind Harry . he seem to have grow several more inch during their month apart , make him tall and more gangly look than ever , though the long nose , bright red hair , and freckle be the same . Hermione , still beam , let go of Harry , but before she could say another word there be a soft whoosh sound and something white soar from the top of a dark wardrobe and land gently on Harry 's shoulder . " Hedwig ! " the snowy owl click her beak and nibble his ear affectionately as Harry stroke her feather . " she have be in a right state , " say Ron . " peck us half to death when she bring your last letter , look at this -- " he show Harry the index finger of his right hand , which sport a half-healed but clearly deep cut . " oh yeah , " Harry say . " sorry about that , but I want answer , you know . ... " " we want to give them to you , mate , " say Ron . " Hermione be go spare , she keep say you will do something stupid if you be stick all on your own without news , but Dumbledore make us -- " " - swear not to tell me , " say Harry . " yeah , Hermione 's already say . " the warm glow that have flare inside him at the sight of his two good friend be extinguish as something icy flood the pit of his stomach . all of a sudden -- after yearning to see them for a solid month -- he feel he would rather Ron and Hermione leave him alone . there be a strained silence in which Harry stroke Hedwig automatically , not look at either of the other . " he seem to think it be well , " say Hermione rather breathlessly . " Dumbledore , I mean . " " right , " say Harry . he notice that her hand too bear the mark of Hedwig 's beak and find that he be not at all sorry . " I think he think you be safe with the Muggles -- " Ron begin . " yeah ? " say Harry , raise his eyebrow . " have either of you be attack by dementors this summer ? " " well , no -- but that be why he have have people from the order of the Phoenix tail you all the time -- " Harry feel a great jolt in his gut as though he have just miss a step go downstairs . so everyone have know he be be follow except him . " do n't work that well , though , do it ? " say Harry , do his utmost to keep his voice even . " have to look after myself after all , do n't I ? " " he be so angry , " say Hermione in an almost awestruck voice . " Dumbledore . we see him . when he find out Mundungus have leave before his shift have end . he be scary . " " well , I be glad he leave , " Harry say coldly . " if he have n't , I would n't have do magic and Dumbledore would probably have leave me at Privet Drive all summer . " " be n't you ... be n't you worry about the Ministry of Magic hearing ? " say Hermione quietly . " no , " Harry lie defiantly . he walk away from them , look around , with Hedwig nestle contentedly on his shoulder , but this room be not likely to raise his spirit . it be dank and dark . a blank stretch of canvas in an ornate picture frame be all that relieve the bareness of the peel wall and as Harry pass it he think he hear someone lurk out of sight snigger . " so why be Dumbledore be so keen to keep me in the dark ? " Harry ask , still try hard to keep his voice casual . " do you -- er -- bother to ask him at all ? " he glance up just in time to see them exchange a look that tell him he be behave just as they have fear he would . it do nothing to improve his temper . " we tell Dumbledore we want to tell you what be go on , " say Ron . " we do , mate . but he be really busy now , we have only see him twice since we come here and he do n't have much time , he just make us swear not to tell you important stuff when we write , he say the owl might be intercept -- " " he could still have keep me inform if he have want to , " Harry say shortly . " you be not tell me he do n't know way to send message without owl . " Hermione glance at Ron and then say , " I think that too . but he do n't want you to know anything . " " maybe he think I ca n't be trust , " say Harry , watch their expression . " do n't be thick , " say Ron , look highly disconcerted . " or that I ca n't take care of myself -- " " of course he do n't think that ! " say Hermione anxiously . " so how come I have to stay at the Dursley ' while you two get to join in everything that be go on here ? " say Harry , the word tumble over one another in a rush , his voice grow loud with every word . " how come you two be allow to know everything that be go on -- ? " " we be not ! " Ron interrupt . " Mum wo n't let us near the meeting , she say we be too young -- " but before he know it , Harry be shout . " so you Have N'T Been in the MEETINGS , Big Deal ! you 'VE Still Been here , Have N'T you ? you 'VE Still Been TOGETHER ! me , I 'VE Been Stuck AT THE DURSLEYS ' for a MONTH ! and I 'VE HANDLED More Than you TWO 'VE EVER MANAGED and DUMBLEDORE know it -- who save the SORCERER 's Stone ? who Got RID of Riddle ? who SAVED Both YOUR SKINS From THE DEMENTORS ? " every bitter and resentful thought that Harry have have in the past month be pour out of him ; his frustration at the lack of news , the hurt that they have all be together without him , his fury at be follow and not tell about it : all the feeling he be half-ashamed of finally burst their boundary . Hedwig take fright at the noise and soar off on top of the wardrobe again ; Pigwidgeon twitter in alarm and zoom even faster around their head . " who Had To GET Past DRAGONS and SPHINXES and EVERY Other FOUL Thing Last Year ? who Saw HIM Come Back ? who Had To ESCAPE From HIM ? me ! " Ron be stand there with his mouth half-open , clearly stun and at a loss for anything to say , while Hermione look on the verge of tear . " but why SHOULD I Know what be go on ? why SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER To Tell ME what be Been HAPPENING ? " " Harry , we want to tell you , we really do -- " Hermione begin . " ca N'T 'VE WANTED To THAT Much , Can you , OR you 'D Have SENT Me an OWL , But DUMBLEDORE Made you SWEAR -- " " well , he do -- " " Four Weeks I 'VE Been Stuck in PRIVET Drive , NICKING paper out of Bins To Try and FIND Out what be Been Going ON -- " " we want to -- " " I SUPPOSE you 'VE Been HAVING A REAL LAUGH , Have N'T you , All HOLED up here TOGETHER -- " " no , honest -- " " Harry , we be really sorry ! " say Hermione desperately , her eye now sparkling with tear . " you be absolutely right , Harry -- I will be furious if it be me ! " Harry glare at her , still breathe deeply , then turn away from them again , pace up and down . Hedwig hoot glumly from the top of the wardrobe . there be a long pause , break only by the mournful creak of the floorboard below Harry 's foot . " what be this place anyway ? " he shoot at Ron and Hermione . " headquarters of the order of the Phoenix , " say Ron at once . " be anyone go to bother tell me what the order of the Phoenix -- ? " " it be a secret society , " say Hermione quickly . " Dumbledore 's in charge , he found it . it be the people who fight against You-Know-Who last time . " " who be in it ? " say Harry , come to a halt with his hand in his pocket . " quite a few people -- " " - we have meet about twenty of them , " say Ron , " but we think there be more . ... " Harry glare at them . " well ? " he demand , look from one to the other . " er , " say Ron . " well what ? " " Voldemort ! " say Harry furiously , and both Ron and Hermione wince . " what be happen ? what be he up to ? where be he ? what be we do to stop him ? " " we have tell you , the Order do n't let us in on their meeting , " say Hermione nervously . " so we do n't know the detail -- but we have get a general idea -- " she add hastily , see the look on Harry 's face . " Fred and George have invent extendable ear , see , " say Ron . " they be really useful . " " extendable -- ? " " ear , yeah . only we have have to stop use them lately because Mum find out and go berserk . Fred and George have to hide them all to stop Mum bin them . but we get a good bit of use out of them before Mum realize what be go on . we know some of the Order be follow know death eater , keep tab on them , you know -- " " - some of them be work on recruit more people to the order -- " say Hermione . " - and some of them be stand guard over something , " say Ron . " they be always talk about guard duty . " " could n't have be me , could it ? " say Harry sarcastically . " oh yeah , " say Ron , with a look of dawn comprehension . Harry snort . he walk around the room again , look anywhere but at Ron and Hermione . " so what have you two be do , if you be not allow in meeting ? " he demand . " you say you have be busy . " " we have , " say Hermione quickly . " we have be decontaminate this house , it have be empty for age and stuff have be breed in here . we have manage to clean out the kitchen , most of the bedroom , and I think we be do the draw room tomo -- AARGH ! " with two loud crack , Fred and George , Ron 's elder twin brother , have materialize out of thin air in the middle of the room . Pigwidgeon twitter more wildly than ever and zoom off to join Hedwig on top of the wardrobe . " stop do that ! " Hermione say weakly to the twin , who be as vividly red-haired as Ron , though stocky and slightly short . " hello , Harry , " say George , beam at him . " we think we hear your dulcet tone . " " you do n't want to bottle up your anger like that , Harry , let it all out , " say Fred , also beaming . " there might be a couple of people fifty mile away who do n't hear you . " " you two pass your Apparation test , then ? " ask Harry grumpily . " with distinction , " say Fred , who be hold what look like a piece of very long , flesh-colored string . " it would have take you about thirty second longer to walk down the stair , " say Ron . " time be Galleons , little brother , " say Fred . " anyway , Harry , you be interfere with reception . extendable Ears , " he add in response to Harry 's raise eyebrow , hold up the string , which Harry now see be trail out onto the landing . " we be try to hear what be go on downstairs . " " you want to be careful , " say Ron , stare at the ear . " if Mum see one of them again ... " " it be worth the risk , that be a major meeting they be have , " say Fred . the door open and a long mane of red hair appear . " oh hello , Harry ! " say Ron 's young sister , Ginny , brightly . " I think I hear your voice . " turn to Fred and George she say , " it be no go with the extendable Ears , she be go and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door . " " how d'you know ? " say George , look crestfallen . " Tonks tell me how to find out , " say Ginny . " you just chuck stuff at the door and if it ca n't make contact the door have be Imperturbed . I have be flick Dungbombs at it from the top of the stair and they just soar away from it , so there be no way the extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap . " Fred heave a deep sigh . " shame . I really fancy find out what old Snape have be up to . " " Snape ? " say Harry quickly . " be he here ? " " yeah , " say George , carefully close the door and sit down on one of the bed ; Fred and Ginny follow . " give a report . top secret . " " git , " say Fred idly . " he be on our side now , " say Hermione reprovingly . Ron snort . " do n't stop him be a git . the way he look at us when he see us . ... " " Bill do n't like him either , " say Ginny , as though that settle the matter . Harry be not sure his anger have abate yet ; but his thirst for information be now overcome his urge to keep shouting . he sink onto the bed opposite the other . " be Bill here ? " he ask . " I think he be work in Egypt . " " he apply for a desk job so he could come home and work for the order , " say Fred . " he say he miss the tomb , but , " he smirk , " there be compensation . ... " " what d'you mean ? " " remember old Fleur Delacour ? " say George . " she be get a job at Gringotts to eemprove ' er Eeenglish -- " " - and Bill have be give her a lot of private lesson , " snigger Fred . " Charlie 's in the order too , " say George , " but he be still in Romania , Dumbledore want as many foreign wizard bring in as possible , so Charlie be try to make contact on his day off . " " could n't Percy do that ? " Harry ask . the last he have hear , the third Weasley brother be work in the Department of International Magical Cooperation at the Ministry of Magic . at these word all the Weasleys and Hermione exchange darkly significant look . " whatever you do , do n't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad , " Ron tell Harry in a tense voice . " why not ? " " because every time Percy 's name be mention , Dad break whatever he be hold and Mum start cry , " Fred say . " it have be awful , " say Ginny sadly . " I think we be well shut of him , " say George with an uncharacteristically ugly look on his face . " what be happen ? " Harry say . " Percy and Dad have a row , " say Fred . " I have never see Dad row with anyone like that . it be normally Mum who shout . ... " " it be the first week back after term end , " say Ron . " we be about to come and join the order . Percy come home and tell us he have be promote . " " you be kid ? " say Harry . though he know perfectly well that Percy be highly ambitious , Harry 's impression be that Percy have not make a great success of his first job at the Ministry of Magic . Percy have commit the fairly large oversight of fail to notice that his boss be be control by Lord Voldemort ( not that the Ministry have believe that -- they all think that Mr. Crouch have go mad ) . " yeah , we be all surprise , " say George , " because Percy get into a load of trouble about Crouch , there be an inquiry and everything . they say Percy ought to have realize Crouch be off his rocker and inform a superior . but you know Percy , Crouch leave him in charge , he be n't go to complain . ... " " so how come they promote him ? " " that be exactly what we wonder , " say Ron , who seem very keen to keep normal conversation go now that Harry have stop yell . " he come home really pleased with himself -- even more pleased than usual if you can imagine that -- and tell Dad he have be offer a position in Fudge 's own office . a really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts -- Junior Assistant to the Minister . he expect Dad to be all impress , I think . " " only Dad be n't , " say Fred grimly . " why not ? " say Harry . " well , apparently Fudge have be storm around the Ministry checking that nobody be have any contact with Dumbledore , " say George . " Dumbledore 's name be mud with the Ministry these day , see , " say Fred . " they all think he be just make trouble say You-Know-Who 's back . " " Dad say Fudge have make it clear that anyone who be in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desk , " say George . " trouble be , Fudge suspect Dad , he know he be friendly with Dumbledore , and he be always think Dad be a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle obsession -- " " but what be this get to do with Percy ? " ask Harry , confuse . " I be come to that . Dad reckon Fudge only want Percy in his office because he want to use him to spy on the family -- and Dumbledore . " Harry let out a low whistle . " Bet Percy love that . " Ron laugh in a hollow sort of way . " he go completely berserk . he say -- well , he say load of terrible stuff . he say he have be have to struggle against Dad 's lousy reputation ever since he join the Ministry and that Dad 's get no ambition and that be why we have always be -- you know -- not have a lot of money , I mean -- " " what ? " say Harry in disbelief , as Ginny make a noise like an angry cat . " I know , " say Ron in a low voice . " and it get bad . he say Dad be an idiot to run around with Dumbledore , that Dumbledore be head for big trouble and Dad be go to go down with him , and that he -- Percy -- know where his loyalty lie and it be with the Ministry . and if Mum and Dad be go to become traitor to the Ministry he be go to make sure everyone know he do n't belong to our family anymore . and he pack his bag the same night and leave . he be live here in London now . " Harry swear under his breath . he have always like Percy least of Ron 's brother , but he have never imagine he would say such thing to Mr. Weasley . " Mum have be in a right state , " say Ron . " you know -- cry and stuff . she come up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slam the door in her face . I dunno what he do if he meet Dad at work -- ignore him , I s'pose . " " but Percy must know Voldemort 's back , " say Harry slowly . " he be not stupid , he must know your mum and dad would n't risk everything without proof -- " " Yeah , well , your name get drag into the row , " say Ron , shoot Harry a furtive look . " Percy say the only evidence be your word and ... I dunno ... he do n't think it be good enough . " " Percy take the Daily Prophet seriously , " say Hermione tartly , and the other all nod . " what be you talk about ? " Harry ask , look around at them all . they be all regard him warily . " have n't -- have n't you be get the Daily Prophet ? " Hermione ask nervously . " yeah , I have ! " say Harry . " have you -- er -- be read it thoroughly ? " Hermione ask still more anxiously . " not cover to cover , " say Harry defensively . " if they be go to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline news , would n't it ! " the other flinch at the sound of the name . Hermione hurry on , " well , you will need to read it cover to cover to pick it up , but they -- um -- they mention you a couple of time a week . " " but I will have see -- " " not if you have only be read the front page , you would n't , " say Hermione , shake her head . " I be not talk about big article . they just slip you in , like you be a standing joke . " " what d'you -- ? " " it be quite nasty , actually , " say Hermione in a voice of forced calm . " they be just build on Rita 's stuff . " " but she be not write for them anymore , be she ? " " oh no , she have keep her promise -- not that she have get any choice , " Hermione add with satisfaction . " but she lay the foundation for what they be try to do now . " " which be what ? " say Harry impatiently . " okay , you know she write that you be collapse all over the place and say your scar be hurt and all that ? " " yeah , " say Harry , who be not likely to forget Rita Skeeter 's story about him in a hurry . " well , they be write about you as though you be this delude , attention-seeking person who think he be a great tragic hero or something , " say Hermione , very fast , as though it would be less unpleasant for Harry to hear these fact quickly . " they keep slip in snide comment about you . if some far-fetched story appear they say something like ' a tale worthy of Harry Potter ' and if anyone have a funny accident or anything it be ' let be hope he have n't get a scar on his forehead or we will be ask to worship him next - ' " " I do n't want anyone to worship -- " Harry begin hotly . " I know you do n't , " say Hermione quickly , look frightened . " I know , Harry . but you see what they be do ? they want to turn you into someone nobody will believe . fudge be behind it , I will bet anything . they want wizard on the street to think you be just some stupid boy who be a bit of a joke , who tell ridiculous tall story because he love be famous and want to keep it go . " " I do n't ask -- I do n't want -- Voldemort kill my parent ! " Harry splutter . " I get famous because he murder my family but could n't kill me ! who want to be famous for that ? do n't they think I will rather it will never -- " " we know , Harry , " say Ginny earnestly . " and of course , they do n't report a word about the dementors attack you , " say Hermione . " someone have tell them to keep that quiet . that should have be a really big story , out-of-control dementors . they have n't even report that you break the International Statute of Secrecy -- we think they would , it would tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off -- we think they be bide their time until you be expel , then they be really go to go to town -- I mean , if you be expel , obviously , " she go on hastily , " you really should n't be , not if they abide by their own law , there be no case against you . " they be back on the hearing and Harry do not want to think about it . he cast around for another change of subject , but be save the necessity of find one by the sound of footstep come up the stair . " Uh-oh . " Fred give the extendable Ear a hearty tug ; there be another loud crack and he and George vanish . second later , Mrs. Weasley appear in the bedroom doorway . " the meeting be over , you can come down and have dinner now , everyone be die to see you , Harry . and who be leave all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen door ? " " Crookshanks , " say Ginny unblushingly . " he love play with them . " " oh , " say Mrs. Weasley , " I think it might have be Kreacher , he keep do odd thing like that . now do n't forget to keep your voice down in the hall . Ginny , your hand be filthy , what have you be do ? go and wash them before dinner , please . ... " Ginny grimace at the other and follow her mother out of the room , leave Harry alone with Ron and Hermione again . both of them be watch him apprehensively , as though they fear that he would start shout again now that everyone else have go . the sight of them look so nervous make him feel slightly ashamed . " look ... " he mutter , but Ron shake his head , and Hermione say quietly , " we know you will be angry , Harry , we really do n't blame you , but you have get to understand , we do try and persuade Dumbledore -- " " Yeah , I know , " say Harry grudgingly . he cast around for a topic to change the subject from Dumbledore -- the very think of him make Harry 's inside burn with anger again . " who be Kreacher ? " he ask . " the house-elf who live here , " say Ron . " Nutter . never meet one like him . " Hermione frown at Ron . " he be not a nutter , Ron -- " " his life 's ambition be to have his head cut off and stick up on a plaque just like his mother , " say Ron irritably . " be that normal , Hermione ? " " well -- well , if he be a bit strange , it be not his fault -- " Ron roll his eye at Harry . " Hermione still have n't give up on spew -- " " it be not ' spew ' ! " say Hermione heatedly . " it be the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare , and it be not just me , Dumbledore say we should be kind to Kreacher too -- " " Yeah , yeah , " say Ron . " C'mon , I be starve . " he lead the way out of the door and onto the landing , but before they could descend the stair -- " hold it ! " Ron breathe , fling out an arm to stop Harry and Hermione walk any farther . " they be still in the hall , we might be able to hear something -- " the three of them look cautiously over the banisters . the gloomy hallway below be pack with witch and wizard , include all of Harry 's guard . they be whisper excitedly together . in the very center of the group Harry see the dark , greasy-haired head and prominent nose of his least favorite teacher at Hogwarts , Professor Snape . Harry lean farther over the banisters . he be very interested in what Snape be do for the order of the Phoenix . ... a thin piece of flesh-colored string descend in front of Harry 's eye . look up he see Fred and George on the landing above , cautiously lower the Extendable Ear toward the dark knot of people below . a moment later , however , they begin to move toward the front door and out of sight . " Dammit , " Harry hear Fred whisper , as he hoist the Extendable Ear back up again . they hear the front door open and then close . " Snape never eat here , " Ron tell Harry quietly . " thank God . C'mon . " " and do n't forget to keep your voice down in the hall , Harry , " Hermione whisper . as they pass the row of house-elf head on the wall they see Lupin , Mrs. Weasley , and Tonks at the front door , magically seal its many lock and bolt behind those who have just leave . " we be eat down in the kitchen , " Mrs. Weasley whisper , meet them at the bottom of the stair . " Harry , dear , if you will just tiptoe across the hall , it be through this door here -- " Crash . " tonk ! " cry Mrs. Weasley exasperatedly , turn to look behind her . " I be sorry ! " wail Tonks , who be lie flat on the floor . " it be that stupid umbrella stand , that be the second time I have trip over -- " but the rest of her word be drown by a horrible , earsplitting , bloodcurdling screech . the moth-eaten velvet curtain Harry have pass early have flow apart , but there be no door behind them . for a split second , Harry think he be look through a window , a window behind which an old woman in a black cap be scream and scream as though she be be torture -- then he realize it be simply a life-size portrait , but the most realistic , and the most unpleasant , he have ever see in his life . the old woman be drool , her eye be roll , the yellow skin of her face stretch taut as she scream , and all along the hall behind them , the other portrait awake and begin to yell too , so that Harry actually screw up his eye at the noise and clap his hand over his ear . lupin and Mrs. Weasley dart forward and try to tug the curtain shut over the old woman , but they would not close and she screech louder than ever , brandish claw hand as though try to tear at their face . " filth ! scum ! by-product of dirt and vileness ! half-breed , mutant , freak , begone from this place ! how dare you befoul the house of my father -- " Tonks apologize over and over again , at the same time drag the huge , heavy troll 's leg back off the floor . Mrs. Weasley abandon the attempt to close the curtain and hurry up and down the hall , stun all the other portrait with her wand . then a man with long black hair come charge out of a door face Harry . " shut up , you horrible old hag , shut up ! " he roar , seize the curtain Mrs. Weasley have abandon . the old woman 's face blanch . " Yoooou ! " she howl , her eye pop at the sight of the man . " blood traitor , abomination , shame of my flesh ! " " I say -- shut -- up ! " roar the man , and with a stupendous effort he and Lupin manage to force the curtain close again . the old woman 's screech die and an echo silence fall . pant slightly and sweep his long dark hair out of his eye , Harry 's godfather , Sirius , turn to face him . " hello , Harry , " he say grimly , " I see you have meet my mother . " the order of the Phoenix " your -- ? " " my dear old mum , yeah , " say Sirius . " we have be try to get her down for a month but we think she put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the canvas . let be get downstairs , quick , before they all wake up again . " " but what be a portrait of your mother do here ? " Harry ask , bewilder , as they go through the door from the hall and lead the way down a flight of narrow stone step , the other just behind them . " have n't anyone tell you ? this be my parent ' house , " say Sirius . " but I be the last Black left , so it be mine now . I offer it to Dumbledore for headquarters -- about the only useful thing I have be able to do . " Harry , who have expect a well welcome , note how hard and bitter Sirius 's voice sound . he follow his godfather to the bottom of the stair and through a door lead into the basement kitchen . it be scarcely less gloomy than the hall above , a cavernous room with rough stone wall . most of the light be come from a large fire at the far end of the room . a haze of pipe smoke hang in the air like battle fume , through which loom the menace shape of heavy iron pot and pan hang from the dark ceiling . many chair have be cram into the room for the meeting and a long wooden table stand in the middle of the room , litter with roll of parchment , goblet , empty wine bottle , and a heap of what appear to be rag . Mr. Weasley and his eldest son , Bill , be talk quietly with their head together at the end of the table . Mrs. Weasley clear her throat . her husband , a thin , balding , red-haired man , who wear horn-rimmed glass , look around and jump to his foot . " Harry ! " Mr. Weasley say , hurry forward to greet him and shake his hand vigorously . " good to see you ! " over his shoulder Harry see Bill , who still wear his long hair in a ponytail , hastily roll up the length of parchment leave on the table . " journey all right , Harry ? " Bill call , try to gather up twelve scroll at once . " Mad-Eye do n't make you come via Greenland , then ? " " he try , " say Tonks , stride over to help Bill and immediately send a candle topple onto the last piece of parchment . " oh no -- sorry -- " " here , dear , " say Mrs. Weasley , sound exasperate , and she repair the parchment with a wave of her wand : in the flash of light cause by Mrs. Weasley 's charm , Harry catch a glimpse of what look like the plan of a building . Mrs. Weasley have see him look . she snatch the plan off the table and stuff it into Bill 's heavily laden arm . " this sort of thing ought to be clear away promptly at the end of meeting , " she snap before sweep off toward an ancient dresser from which she start unload dinner plate . bill take out his wand , mutter " Evanesco ! " and the scroll vanish . " sit down , Harry , " say Sirius . " you have meet Mundungus , have n't you ? " the thing Harry have take to be a pile of rag give a prolonged , grunt snore and then jerk awake . " Some'n say m ' name ? " Mundungus mumble sleepily . " I ' gree with Sirius . ... " he raise a very grubby hand in the air as though voting , his droopy , bloodshot eye unfocused . Ginny giggle . " the meeting 's over , Dung , " say Sirius , as they all sit down around him at the table . " Harry 's arrive . " " Eh ? " say Mundungus , peer balefully at Harry through his matted ginger hair . " Blimey , so ' e ' as . yeah ... you all right , ' arry ? " " yeah , " say Harry . Mundungus fumble nervously in his pocket , still stare at Harry , and pull out a grimy black pipe . he stick it in his mouth , ignite the end of it with his wand , and take a deep pull on it . great billow cloud of greenish smoke obscure him in second . " owe you a ' pology , " grunt a voice from the middle of the smelly cloud . " for the last time , Mundungus , " call Mrs. Weasley , " will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen , especially not when we be about to eat ! " " ah , " say Mundungus . " right . sorry , Molly . " the cloud of smoke vanish as Mundungus stow his pipe back in his pocket , but an acrid smell of burning sock linger . " and if you want dinner before midnight I will need a hand , " Mrs. Weasley say to the room at large . " no , you can stay where you be , Harry dear , you have have a long journey -- " " what can I do , Molly ? " say Tonks enthusiastically , bound forward . Mrs. Weasley hesitate , look apprehensive . " er -- no , it be all right , Tonks , you have a rest too , you have do enough today -- " " no , no , I want to help ! " say Tonks brightly , knock over a chair as she hurry toward the dresser from which Ginny be collect cutlery . soon a series of heavy knife be chop meat and vegetable of their own accord , supervise by Mr. Weasley , while Mrs. Weasley stir a cauldron dangle over the fire and the other take out plate , more goblet , and food from the pantry . Harry be leave at the table with Sirius and Mundungus , who be still blink mournfully at him . " see old Figgy since ? " he ask . " no , " say Harry , " I have n't see anyone . " " see , I would n't ' ave leave , " say Mundungus , lean forward , a plead note in his voice , " but I ' ad a business opportunity -- " Harry feel something brush against his knee and start , but it be only Crookshanks , Hermione 's bandy-legged ginger cat , who wind himself once around Harry 's leg , purr , then jump onto Sirius 's lap and curl up . Sirius scratch him absentmindedly behind the ear as he turn , still grim-faced , to Harry . " have a good summer so far ? " " no , it have be lousy , " say Harry . for the first time , something like a grin flit across Sirius 's face . " do n't know what you be complain about , myself . " " what ? " say Harry incredulously . " personally , I will have welcome a dementor attack . a deadly struggle for my soul would have break the monotony nicely . you think you have have it bad , at least you have be able to get out and about , stretch your leg , get into a few fight . ... I have be stick inside for a month . " " how come ? " ask Harry , frown . " because the Ministry of Magic 's still after me , and Voldemort will know all about me be an Animagus by now , Wormtail will have tell him , so my big disguise be useless . there be not much I can do for the order of the Phoenix ... or so Dumbledore feel . " there be something about the slightly flatten tone of voice in which Sirius utter Dumbledore 's name that tell Harry that Sirius be not very happy with the headmaster either . Harry feel a sudden upsurge of affection for his godfather . " at least you have know what have be go on , " he say bracingly . " oh yeah , " say Sirius sarcastically . " listen to Snape 's report , have to take all his snide hint that he be out there risk his life while I be sit on my backside here have a nice comfortable time ... ask me how the cleaning be go -- " " what cleaning ? " ask Harry . " try to make this place fit for human habitation , " say Sirius , wave a hand around the dismal kitchen . " no one be live here for ten year , not since my dear mother die , unless you count her old house-elf , and he be go around the twist , have n't clean anything in age -- " " Sirius ? " say Mundungus , who do not appear to have pay any attention to this conversation , but have be minutely examine an empty goblet . " this solid silver , mate ? " " yes , " say Sirius , survey it with distaste . " fine fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver , emboss with the Black family crest . " " that will come off , though , " mutter Mundungus , polish it with his cuff . " Fred -- George -- No , Just Carry Them ! " Mrs. Weasley shriek . Harry , Sirius , and Mundungus look around and , a split second later , dive away from the table . Fred and George have bewitch a large cauldron of stew , an iron flagon of butterbeer , and a heavy wooden breadboard , complete with knife , to hurtle through the air toward them . the stew skid the length of the table and come to a halt just before the end , leave a long black burn on the wooden surface , the flagon of butterbeer fall with a crash , spill its content everywhere , and the bread knife slip off the board and land , point down and quiver ominously , exactly where Sirius 's right hand have be second before . " for HEAVEN 's Sake ! " scream Mrs. Weasley . " there WAS No need -- I 'VE Had Enough of This -- Just BECAUSE you 'RE ALLOWED To Use Magic NOW you do N'T Have To Whip YOUR Wands Out for EVERY Tiny Little Thing ! " " we be just try to save a bit of time ! " say Fred , hurry forward and wrench the bread knife out of the table . " sorry Sirius , mate -- do n't mean to -- " Harry and Sirius be both laughing . Mundungus , who have topple backward off his chair , be swear as he get to his foot . Crookshanks have give an angry hiss and shoot off under the dresser , from whence his large yellow eye glow in the darkness . " boy , " Mr. Weasley say , lift the stew back into the middle of the table , " your mother 's right , you be suppose to show a sense of responsibility now you have come of age -- " " - none of your brother cause this sort of trouble ! " Mrs. Weasley rage at the twin , slam a fresh flagon of butterbeer onto the table and spill almost as much again . " Bill do n't feel the need to Apparate every few foot ! Charlie do n't Charm everything he meet ! Percy -- " she stop dead , catch her breath with a frightened look at her husband , whose expression be suddenly wooden . " let be eat , " say Bill quickly . " it look wonderful , Molly , " say Lupin , ladle stew onto a plate for her and hand it across the table . for a few minute there be silence but for the chink of plate and cutlery and the scrape of chair as everyone settle down to their food . then Mrs. Weasley turn to Sirius and say , " I have be mean to tell you , there be something trap in that write desk in the drawing room , it keep rattle and shake . of course , it could just be a boggart , but I think we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it before we let it out . " " whatever you like , " say Sirius indifferently . " the curtain in there be full of doxy too , " Mrs. Weasley go on . " I think we might try and tackle them tomorrow . " " I look forward to it , " say Sirius . Harry hear the sarcasm in his voice , but he be not sure that anyone else do . opposite Harry , Tonks be entertain Hermione and Ginny by transform her nose between mouthful . screw up her eye each time with the same pained expression she have wear back in Harry 's bedroom , her nose swell to a beaklike protuberance like Snape 's , shrink to something resemble a button mushroom , and then sprout a great deal of hair from each nostril . apparently this be a regular mealtime entertainment , because after a while Hermione and Ginny start request their favorite nose . " do that one like a pig snout , Tonks ... " Tonks oblige , and Harry , look up , have the fleeting impression that a female Dudley be grin at him from across the table . Mr. Weasley , Bill , and Lupin be have an intense discussion about goblin . " they be not give anything away yet , " say Bill . " I still ca n't work out whether they believe he be back or not . ' Course , they might prefer not to take side at all . keep out of it . " " I be sure they will never go over to You-Know-Who , " say Mr. Weasley , shake his head . " they have suffer loss too . remember that goblin family he murder last time , somewhere near Nottingham ? " " I think it depend what they be offer , " say Lupin . " and I be not talk about gold ; if they be offer freedom we have be deny them for century they be go to be tempt . have you still not have any luck with Ragnok , Bill ? " " he be feel pretty anti-wizard at the moment , " say Bill . " he have n't stop rage about the Bagman business , he reckon the Ministry do a cover-up , those goblin never get their gold from him , you know -- " a gale of laughter from the middle of the table drown the rest of Bill 's word . Fred , George , Ron , and Mundungus be roll around in their seat . " ... and then , " choke Mundungus , tear run down his face , " and then , if you will believe it , ' e say to me , ' e say , ' ' ere , Dung , where didja get all them toad from ? ' Cos some son of a Bludger be go and nick all mine ! ' and I say , ' nick all your toad , Will , what next ? so you will be want some more , then ? ' and if you will believe me , lad , the gormless gargoyle buy all ' be own toad back orf me for twice what ' e pay in the first place -- " " I do n't think we need to hear any more of your business dealings , thank you very much , Mundungus , " say Mrs. Weasley sharply , as Ron slump forward onto the table , howl with laughter . " beg pardon , Molly , " say Mundungus at once , wipe his eye and wink at Harry . " but , you know , will nick ' em Orf Warty Harris in the first place so I be n't really do nothing wrong -- " " I do n't know where you learn about right and wrong , Mundungus , but you seem to have miss a few crucial lesson , " say Mrs. Weasley coldly . Fred and George bury their face in their goblet of butterbeer ; George be hiccup . for some reason , Mrs. Weasley throw a very nasty look at Sirius before get to her foot and go to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding . Harry look round at his godfather . " Molly do n't approve of Mundungus , " say Sirius in an undertone . " how come he be in the order ? " Harry say very quietly . " he be useful , " Sirius mutter . " know all the crook -- well , he would , see as he be one himself . but he be also very loyal to Dumbledore , who help him out of a tight spot once . it pay to have someone like Dung around , he hear thing we do n't . but Molly think invite him to stay for dinner be go too far . she have n't forgive him for slip off duty when he be suppose to be tail you . " three helping of rhubarb crumble and custard later and the waistband on Harry 's jean be feel uncomfortably tight ( which be say something , as the jean have once be Dudley 's ) . he lie down his spoon in a lull in the general conversation . Mr. Weasley be lean back in his chair , look replete and relax , Tonks be yawn widely , her nose now back to normal , and Ginny , who have lure Crookshanks out from under the dresser , be sit cross-legged on the floor , roll butterbeer cork for him to chase . " nearly time for bed , I think , " say Mrs. Weasley on a yawn . " not just yet , Molly , " say Sirius , push away his empty plate and turn to look at Harry . " you know , I be surprise at you . I think the first thing you will do when you get here would be to start ask question about Voldemort . " the atmosphere in the room change with the rapidity Harry associate with the arrival of dementors . where second before it have be sleepily relax , it be now alert , even tense . a frisson have go around the table at the mention of Voldemort 's name . lupin , who have be about to take a sip of wine , lower his goblet slowly , look wary . " I do ! " say Harry indignantly . " I ask Ron and Hermione but they say we be not allow in the order , so -- " " and they be quite right , " say Mrs. Weasley . " you be too young . " she be sit bolt upright in her chair , her fist clench upon its arm , every trace of drowsiness go . " since when do someone have to be in the order of the Phoenix to ask question ? " ask Sirius . " Harry have be trap in that Muggle house for a month . he have get the right to know what have be happen -- " " Hang on ! " interrupt George loudly . " how come Harry get his question answer ? " say Fred angrily . " we have be try to get stuff out of you for a month and you have n't tell us a single stinking thing ! " say George . " ' you be too young , you be not in the order , ' " say Fred , in a high-pitched voice that sound uncannily like his mother 's . " Harry be not even of age ! " " it be not my fault you have n't be tell what the order be do , " say Sirius calmly . " that be your parent ' decision . Harry , on the other hand -- " " it be not down to you to decide what be good for Harry ! " say Mrs. Weasley sharply . her normally kindly face look dangerous . " you have n't forget what Dumbledore say , I suppose ? " " which bit ? " Sirius ask politely , but with an air as though ready himself for a fight . " the bit about not tell Harry more than he need to know , " say Mrs. Weasley , place a heavy emphasis on the last three word . Ron , Hermione , Fred , and George 's head turn from Sirius to Mrs. Weasley as though follow a tennis rally . Ginny be kneel amid a pile of abandon butterbeer cork , watch the conversation with her mouth slightly open . lupin 's eye be fix on Sirius . " I do n't intend to tell him more than he need to know , Molly , " say Sirius . " but as he be the one who see Voldemort come back " ( again , there be a collective shudder around the table at the name ) , " he have more right than most to -- " " he be not a member of the order of the Phoenix ! " say Mrs. Weasley . " he be only fifteen and -- " " - and he be deal with as much as most in the order , " say Sirius , " and more than some -- " " no one be deny what he be do ! " say Mrs. Weasley , her voice rise , her fist tremble on the arm of her chair . " but he be still -- " " he be not a child ! " say Sirius impatiently . " he be not an adult either ! " say Mrs. Weasley , the color rise in her cheek . " he be not James , Sirius ! " " I be perfectly clear who he be , thanks , Molly , " say Sirius coldly . " I be not sure you be ! " say Mrs. Weasley . " sometimes , the way you talk about him , it be as though you think you have get your good friend back ! " " what be wrong with that ? " say Harry . " what be wrong , Harry , be that you be not your father , however much you might look like him ! " say Mrs. Weasley , her eye still bore into Sirius . " you be still at school and adult responsible for you should not forget it ! " " mean I be an irresponsible godfather ? " demand Sirius , his voice rise . " mean you have be know to act rashly , Sirius , which be why Dumbledore keep remind you to stay at home and -- " " we will leave my instruction from Dumbledore out of this , if you please ! " say Sirius loudly . " Arthur ! " say Mrs. Weasley , round on her husband . " Arthur , back me up ! " Mr. Weasley do not speak at once . he take off his glass and clean them slowly on his robe , not look at his wife . only when he have replace them carefully on his nose do he say , " Dumbledore know the position have change , Molly . he accept that Harry will have to be fill in to a certain extent now that he be stay at headquarters -- " " Yes , but there be a difference between that and invite him to ask whatever he like ! " " personally , " say Lupin quietly , look away from Sirius at last , as Mrs. Weasley turn quickly to him , hopeful that finally she be about to get an ally , " I think it better that Harry get the fact -- not all the fact , Molly , but the general picture -- from us , rather than a garble version from ... other . " his expression be mild , but Harry feel sure that Lupin , at least , know that some extendable Ears have survive Mrs. Weasley 's purge . " well , " say Mrs. Weasley , breathe deeply and look around the table for support that do not come , " well ... I can see I be go to be overrule . I will just say this : Dumbledore must have have his reason for not want Harry to know too much , and speak as someone who have get Harry 's good interest at heart -- " " he be not your son , " say Sirius quietly . " he be as good as , " say Mrs. Weasley fiercely . " who else have he get ? " " he have get me ! " " yes , " say Mrs. Weasley , her lip curling . " the thing be , it have be rather difficult for you to look after him while you have be lock up in Azkaban , have n't it ? " Sirius start to rise from his chair . " Molly , you be not the only person at this table who care about Harry , " say Lupin sharply . " Sirius , sit down . " Mrs. Weasley 's low lip be tremble . Sirius sink slowly back into his chair , his face white . " I think Harry ought to be allow a say in this , " Lupin continue . " he be old enough to decide for himself . " " I want to know what have be go on , " Harry say at once . he do not look at Mrs. Weasley . he have be touch by what she have say about his be as good as a son , but he be also impatient at her mollycoddle . ... Sirius be right , he be not a child . " very well , " say Mrs. Weasley , her voice cracking . " Ginny -- Ron -- Hermione -- Fred -- George -- I want you out of this kitchen , now . " there be instant uproar . " we be of age ! " Fred and George bellow together . " if Harry 's allowed , why ca n't I ? " shout Ron . " mum , I want to ! " wail Ginny . " no ! " shout Mrs. Weasley , stand up , her eye overbright . " I absolutely forbid -- " " Molly , you ca n't stop Fred and George , " say Mr. Weasley wearily . " they be of age -- " " they be still at school -- " " but they be legally adult now , " say Mr. Weasley in the same tired voice . Mrs. Weasley be now scarlet in the face . " I -- oh , all right then , Fred and George can stay , but Ron -- " " Harry will tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway ! " say Ron hotly . " wo n't -- wo n't you ? " he add uncertainly , meet Harry 's eye . for a split second , Harry consider tell Ron that he would n't tell him a single word , that he could try a taste of be keep in the dark and see how he like it . but the nasty impulse vanish as they look at each other . " ' Course I will , " Harry say . Ron and Hermione beam . " fine ! " shout Mrs. Weasley . " fine ! Ginny -- bed ! " Ginny do not go quietly . they could hear her rage and storm at her mother all the way up the stair , and when she reach the hall Mrs. Black 's earsplitting shriek be add to the din . lupin hurry off to the portrait to restore calm . it be only after he have return , close the kitchen door behind him and take his seat at the table again , that Sirius speak . " okay , Harry ... what do you want to know ? " Harry take a deep breath and ask the question that have be obsess him for a month . " where be Voldemort ? what be he do ? I have be try to watch the Muggle news , " he say , ignore the renewed shudder and wince at the name , " and there have n't be anything that look like him yet , no funny death or anything -- " " that be because there have n't be any suspicious death yet , " say Sirius , " not as far as we know , anyway . ... and we know quite a lot . " " more than he think we do anyway , " say Lupin . " how come he be stop kill people ? " Harry ask . he know that Voldemort have murder more than once in the last year alone . " because he do n't want to draw attention to himself at the moment , " say Sirius . " it would be dangerous for him . his comeback do n't come off quite the way he want it to , you see . he mess it up . " " or rather , you mess it up for him , " say Lupin with a satisfied smile . " how ? " Harry ask perplexedly . " you be n't suppose to survive ! " say Sirius . " nobody apart from his Death Eaters be suppose to know he will come back . but you survive to bear witness . " " and the very last person he want alert to his return the moment he get back be Dumbledore , " say Lupin . " and you make sure Dumbledore know at once . " " how have that help ? " Harry ask . " be you kid ? " say Bill incredulously . " Dumbledore be the only one You-Know-Who be ever scare of ! " " thank to you , Dumbledore be able to recall the order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort return , " say Sirius . " so what be the order be do ? " say Harry , look around at them all . " work as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort ca n't carry out his plan , " say Sirius . " how d'you know what his plan be ? " Harry ask quickly . " Dumbledore 's get a shrewd idea , " say Lupin , " and Dumbledore 's shrewd idea normally turn out to be accurate . " " so what do Dumbledore reckon he be plan ? " " well , firstly , he want to build up his army again , " say Sirius . " in the old day he have huge number at his command ; witch and wizard he have bully or bewitch into follow him , his faithful Death Eaters , a great variety of dark creature . you hear him plan to recruit the giant ; well , they will be just one group he be after . he be certainly not go to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen death eater . " " so you be try to stop him get more follower ? " " we be do our good , " say Lupin . " how ? " " well , the main thing be to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who really have return , to put them on their guard , " say Bill . " it be prove tricky , though . " " why ? " " because of the Ministry 's attitude , " say Tonks . " you see Cornelius Fudge after You-Know-Who come back , Harry . well , he have n't shift his position at all . he be absolutely refuse to believe it be happen . " " but why ? " say Harry desperately . " why be he be so stupid ? if Dumbledore -- " " ah , well , you have put your finger on the problem , " say Mr. Weasley with a wry smile . " Dumbledore . " " fudge be frighten of him , you see , " say Tonks sadly . " frighten of Dumbledore ? " say Harry incredulously . " frightened of what he be up to , " say Mr. Weasley . " you see , Fudge think Dumbledore be plot to overthrow him . he think Dumbledore want to be Minister of Magic . " " but Dumbledore do n't want -- " " of course he do n't , " say Mr. Weasley . " he be never want the Minister 's job , even though a lot of people want him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retire . fudge come to power instead , but he be never quite forget how much popular support Dumbledore have , even though Dumbledore never apply for the job . " " deep down , Fudge know Dumbledore 's much clever than he be , a much more powerful wizard , and in the early day of his Ministry he be forever ask Dumbledore for help and advice , " say Lupin . " but it seem that he be become fond of power now , and much more confident . he love being Minister of Magic , and he be manage to convince himself that he be the clever one and Dumbledore be simply stir up trouble for the sake of it . " " how can he think that ? " say Harry angrily . " how can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up -- that I will make it all up ? " " because accept that Voldemort 's back would mean trouble like the Ministry have n't have to cope with for nearly fourteen year , " say Sirius bitterly . " fudge just ca n't bring himself to face it . it be so much more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore be lie to destabilize him . " " you see the problem , " say Lupin . " while the Ministry insist there be nothing to fear from Voldemort , it be hard to convince people he be back , especially as they really do n't want to believe it in the first place . what be more , the Ministry be lean heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they be call Dumbledore 's rumormongering , so most of the Wizarding community be completely unaware anything be happen , and that make them easy target for the Death Eaters if they be use the Imperius Curse . " " but you be tell people , be n't you ? " say Harry , look around at Mr. Weasley , Sirius , Bill , Mundungus , Lupin , and Tonks . " you be let people know he be back ? " they all smile humorlessly . " well , as everyone think I be a mad mass murderer and the Ministry 's put a ten-thousand-Galleon price on my head , I can hardly stroll up the street and start hand out leaflet , can I ? " say Sirius restlessly . " and I be not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community , " say Lupin . " it be an occupational hazard of be a werewolf . " " Tonks and Arthur would lose their job at the Ministry if they start shoot their mouth off , " say Sirius , " and it be very important for us to have spy inside the Ministry , because you can bet Voldemort will have them . " " we have manage to convince a couple of people , though , " say Mr. Weasley . " tonk here , for one -- she be too young to have be in the order of the Phoenix last time , and have Aurors on our side be a huge advantage -- Kingsley Shacklebolt have be a real asset too . he be in charge of the hunt for Sirius , so he have be feed the Ministry information that Sirius be in Tibet . " " but if none of you be put the news out that Voldemort 's back -- " Harry begin . " who say none of us be put the news out ? " say Sirius . " why d'you think Dumbledore 's in such trouble ? " " what d'you mean ? " Harry ask . " they be try to discredit him , " say Lupin . " do n't you see the Daily Prophet last week ? they report that he have be vote out of the chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because he be get old and lose his grip , but it be not true , he be vote out by Ministry wizard after he make a speech announce Voldemort 's return . they have demote him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot -- that be the Wizard High Court -- and they be talk about take away his order of Merlin , First Class , too . " " but Dumbledore say he do n't care what they do as long as they do n't take him off the chocolate Frog card , " say Bill , grin . " it be no laughing matter , " say Mr. Weasley shortly . " if he carry on defy the Ministry like this , he could end up in Azkaban and the last thing we want be Dumbledore lock up . while You-Know-Who know Dumbledore be out there and wise to what he be up to , he be go to go cautiously for a while . if Dumbledore 's out of the way -- well , You-Know-Who will have a clear field . " " but if Voldemort be try to recruit more death eater , it be bind to get out that he be come back , be n't it ? " ask Harry desperately . " Voldemort do n't march up to people 's house and bang on their front door , Harry , " say Sirius . " he trick , jinx , and blackmail them . he be well-practiced at operate in secrecy . in any case , gather follower be only one thing he be interested in , he be get other plan too , plan he can put into operation very quietly indeed , and he be concentrate on them at the moment . " " what be he after apart from follower ? " Harry ask swiftly . he think he see Sirius and Lupin exchange the most fleeting of look before Sirius say , " Stuff he can only get by stealth . " when Harry continue to look puzzle , Sirius say , " like a weapon . something he do n't have last time . " " when he be powerful before ? " " yes . " " like what kind of weapon ? " say Harry . " something bad than the Avada Kedavra -- ? " " that be enough . " Mrs. Weasley speak from the shadow beside the door . Harry have not notice her return from take Ginny upstairs . her arm be cross and she look furious . " I want you in bed , now . all of you , " she add , look around at Fred , George , Ron , and Hermione . " you ca n't boss us -- " Fred begin . " watch me , " snarl Mrs. Weasley . she be tremble slightly as she look at Sirius . " you have give Harry plenty of information . any more and you might just as well induct him into the Order straightaway . " " why not ? " say Harry quickly . " I will join , I want to join , I want to fight -- " " No. " it be not Mrs. Weasley who speak this time , but Lupin . " the order be comprise only of overage wizard , " he say . " wizard who have leave school , " he add , as Fred and George open their mouth . " there be danger involve of which you can have no idea , any of you ... I think Molly 's right , Sirius . we have say enough . " Sirius half-shrugged but do not argue . Mrs. Weasley beckon imperiously to her son and Hermione . one by one they stand up and Harry , recognize defeat , follow suit . the Noble and most Ancient House of Black Mrs. Weasley follow them upstairs look grim . " I want you all to go straight to bed , no talk , " she say as they reach the first landing . " we have get a busy day tomorrow . I expect Ginny 's asleep , " she add to Hermione , " so try not to wake her up . " " asleep , yeah , right , " say Fred in an undertone , after Hermione bid them good night and they be climb to the next floor . " if Ginny 's not lie awake waiting for Hermione to tell her everything they say downstairs , then I be a flobberworm . ... " " all right , Ron , Harry , " say Mrs. Weasley on the second landing , point them into their bedroom . " off to bed with you . " " ' Night , " Harry and Ron say to the twin . " sleep tight , " say Fred , wink . Mrs. Weasley close the door behind Harry with a sharp snap . the bedroom look , if anything , even dank and gloomy than it have on first sight . the blank picture on the wall be now breathe very slowly and deeply , as though its invisible occupant be asleep . Harry put on his pajamas , take off his glass , and climb into his chilly bed while Ron throw Owl Treats up on top of the wardrobe to pacify Hedwig and Pigwidgeon , who be clatter around and rustle their wing restlessly . " we ca n't let them out to hunt every night , " Ron explain as he pull on his maroon pajamas . " Dumbledore do n't want too many owl swoop around the square , think it will look suspicious . oh yeah ... I forget . ... " he cross to the door and bolt it . " what be you do that for ? " " Kreacher , " say Ron as he turn off the light . " first night I be here he come wander in at three in the morning . trust me , you do n't want to wake up and find him prowl around your room . anyway ... " he get into his bed , settle down under the cover , then turn to look at Harry in the darkness . Harry could see his outline by the moonlight filter in through the grimy window . " what d'you reckon ? " Harry do n't need to ask what Ron mean . " well , they do n't tell us much we could n't have guess , do they ? " he say , think of all that have be say downstairs . " I mean , all they have really say be that the order be try to stop people join Vol -- " there be a sharp intake of breath from Ron . " - demort , " say Harry firmly . " when be you go to start use his name ? Sirius and Lupin do . " Ron ignore this last comment . " yeah , you be right , " he say . " we already know nearly everything they tell us , from use the extendable Ears . the only new bit be -- " Crack . " ouch ! " " keep your voice down , Ron , or Mum will be back up here . " " you two just Apparated on my knee ! " " yeah , well , it be hard in the dark -- " Harry see the blur outline of Fred and George leap down from Ron 's bed . there be a groan of bedsprings and Harry 's mattress descend a few inch as George sit down near his foot . " so , get there yet ? " say George eagerly . " the weapon Sirius mention ? " say Harry . " let slip , more like , " say Fred with relish , now sit next to Ron . " we do n't hear about that on the old Extendables , do we ? " " what d'you reckon it be ? " say Harry . " could be anything , " say Fred . " but there ca n't be anything bad than the Avada Kedavra curse , can there ? " say Ron . " what be bad than death ? " " maybe it be something that can kill load of people at once , " suggest George . " maybe it be some particularly painful way of kill people , " say Ron fearfully . " he be get the Cruciatus Curse for cause pain , " say Harry . " he do n't need anything more efficient than that . " there be a pause and Harry know that the other , like him , be wonder what horror this weapon could perpetrate . " so who d'you think got it now ? " ask George . " I hope it be our side , " say Ron , sound slightly nervous . " if it be , Dumbledore be probably keep it , " say Fred . " where ? " say Ron quickly . " Hogwarts ? " " bet it be ! " say George . " that be where he hide the Sorcerer 's Stone ! " " a weapon be go to be a lot big than the Stone , though ! " say Ron . " not necessarily , " say Fred . " yeah , size be no guarantee of power , " say George . " look at Ginny . " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry . " you have never be on the receive end of one of her Bat-Bogey Hexes , have you ? " " Shhh ! " say Fred , half-rising from the bed . " listen ! " they fall silent . footstep be come up the stair again . " mum , " say George , and without further ado there be a loud crack and Harry feel the weight vanish from the end of his bed . a few second later and they hear the floorboard creak outside their door ; Mrs. Weasley be plainly listen to see whether they be talk or not . Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hoot dolefully . the floorboard creak again and they hear her head upstairs to check on Fred and George . " she do n't trust us at all , you know , " say Ron regretfully . Harry be sure he would not be able to fall asleep ; the evening have be so pack with thing to think about that he fully expect to lie awake for hour mull it all over . he want to continue talk to Ron , but Mrs. Weasley be now creak back downstairs again , and once she have go he distinctly hear other make their way upstairs . ... in fact , many-legged creature be canter softly up and down outside the bedroom door , and Hagrid , the Care of Magical Creatures teacher , be say , " Beauties , Aren ' they , eh , Harry ? we will be studyin ' weapon this term . ... " and Harry see that the creature have cannon for head and be wheel to face him . ... he duck . ... the next thing he know , he be curl in a warm ball under his bedclothes , and George 's loud voice be fill the room . " mum say get up , your breakfast be in the kitchen and then she need you in the drawing room , there be load more doxy than she think and she have find a nest of dead puffskeins under the sofa . " half an hour later , Harry and Ron , who have dress and breakfast quickly , enter the drawing room , a long , high-ceilinged room on the first floor with olive-green wall cover in dirty tapestry . the carpet exhale little cloud of dust every time someone put their foot on it and the long , moss-green velvet curtain be buzz as though swarm with invisible bee . it be around these that Mrs. Weasley , Hermione , Ginny , Fred , and George be group , all look rather peculiar , as they have tie cloth over their nose and mouth . each of them be also hold a large bottle of black liquid with a nozzle at the end . " cover your face and take a spray , " Mrs. Weasley say to Harry and Ron the moment she see them , point to two more bottle of black liquid standing on a spindle-legged table . " it be Doxycide . I have never see an infestation this bad -- what that house-elf have be do for the last ten year -- " Hermione 's face be half conceal by a tea towel but Harry distinctly see her throw a reproachful look at Mrs. Weasley at these word . " Kreacher 's really old , he probably could n't manage -- " " you will be surprise what Kreacher can manage when he want to , Hermione , " say Sirius , who have just enter the room carry a bloodstained bag of what appear to be dead rat . " I have just be feed Buckbeak , " he add , in reply to Harry 's inquire look . " I keep him upstairs in my mother 's bedroom . anyway ... this write desk ... " he drop the bag of rat onto an armchair , then bend over to examine the locked cabinet which , Harry now notice for the first time , be shake slightly . " well , Molly , I be pretty sure this be a boggart , " say Sirius , peer through the keyhole , " but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at it before we let it out -- know my mother it could be something much bad . " " right you be , Sirius , " say Mrs. Weasley . they be both speaking in carefully light , polite voice that tell Harry quite plainly that neither have forget their disagreement of the night before . a loud , clang bell sound from downstairs , follow at once by the cacophony of scream and wail that have be trigger the previous night by Tonks knock over the umbrella stand . " I keep tell them not to ring the doorbell ! " say Sirius exasperatedly , hurry back out of the room . they hear him thunder down the stair as Mrs. Black 's screech echo up through the house once more : " stain of dishonor , filthy half-breed , blood traitor , child of filth ... " " close the door , please , Harry , " say Mrs. Weasley . Harry take as much time as he dare to close the draw room door ; he want to listen to what be go on downstairs . Sirius have obviously manage to shut the curtain over his mother 's portrait because she have stop scream . he hear Sirius walk down the hall , then the clatter of the chain on the front door , and then a deep voice he recognize as Kingsley Shacklebolt be say , " Hestia 's just relieve me , so she have get Moody 's cloak now , think I will leave a report for Dumbledore . ... " feel Mrs. Weasley 's eye on the back of his head , Harry regretfully close the draw room door and rejoin the doxy party . Mrs. Weasley be bend over to check the page on doxy in Gilderoy Lockhart 's Guide to Household Pests , which be lie open on the sofa . " right , you lot , you need to be careful , because doxy bite and their tooth be poisonous . I have get a bottle of antidote here , but I will rather nobody need it . " she straighten up , position herself squarely in front of the curtain , and beckon them all forward . " when I say the word , start spray immediately , " she say . " they will come fly out at us , I expect , but it say on the spray one good squirt will paralyze them . when they be immobilize , just throw them in this bucket . " she step carefully out of their line of fire and raise her own spray . " all right -- squirt ! " Harry have be spray only a few second when a fully grow doxy come soar out of a fold in the material , shiny beetlelike wing whir , tiny needle-sharp tooth bare , its fairylike body cover with thick black hair and its four tiny fist clench with fury . Harry catch it full in the face with a blast of Doxycide ; it freeze in midair and fall , with a surprisingly loud thunk , onto the worn carpet below . Harry pick it up and throw it in the bucket . " Fred , what be you do ? " say Mrs. Weasley sharply . " spray that at once and throw it away ! " Harry look around . Fred be hold a struggle doxy between his forefinger and thumb . " Right-o , " Fred say brightly , spray the doxy quickly in the face so that it faint , but the moment Mrs. Weasley 's back be turn he pocket it with a wink . " we want to experiment with doxy venom for our Skiving Snack-boxes , " George tell Harry under his breath . deftly spray two doxy at once as they soar straight for his nose , Harry move closer to George and mutter out of the corner of his mouth , " what be Skiving Snackboxes ? " " range of sweet to make you ill , " George whisper , keep a wary eye on Mrs. Weasley 's back . " not seriously ill , mind , just ill enough to get you out of a class when you feel like it . Fred and I have be develop them this summer . they be double-ended , color-code chew . if you eat the orange half of the Puking Pastilles , you throw up . moment you have be rush out of the lesson for the hospital wing , you swallow the purple half -- " " ' - which restore you to full fitness , enable you to pursue the leisure activity of your own choice during an hour that would otherwise have be devote to unprofitable boredom . ' that be what we be put in the advert , anyway , " whisper Fred , who have edge over out of Mrs. Weasley 's line of vision and be now sweep a few stray doxy from the floor and add them to his pocket . " but they still need a bit of work . at the moment our tester be have a bit of trouble stopping puke long enough to swallow the purple end . " " tester ? " " us , " say Fred . " we take it in turn . George do the Fainting Fancies -- we both try the Nosebleed Nougat -- " " Mum think we have be duel , " say George . " joke shop still on , then ? " Harry mutter , pretend to be adjust the nozzle on his spray . " well , we have n't have a chance to get premise yet , " say Fred , drop his voice even low as Mrs. Weasley mop her brow with her scarf before return to the attack , " so we be run it as a mail-order service at the moment . we put advertisement in the Daily Prophet last week . " " all thanks to you , mate , " say George . " but do n't worry ... Mum have n't get a clue . she wo n't read the Daily Prophet anymore , ' cause of it tell lie about you and Dumbledore . " Harry grin . he have force the Weasley twin to take the thousand-Galleon prize money he have win in the Triwizard Tournament to help them realize their ambition to open a joke shop , but he be still glad to know that his part in further their plan be unknown to Mrs. Weasley , who do not think that run a joke shop be a suitable career for two of her son . the de-doxying of the curtain take most of the morning . it be past midday when Mrs. Weasley finally remove her protective scarf , sink into a sag armchair , and spring up again with a cry of disgust , have sit on the bag of dead rat . the curtain be no longer buzz ; they hang limp and damp from the intensive spray ; unconscious doxy lie cram in the bucket at the foot of them beside a bowl of their black egg , at which Crookshanks be now sniff and Fred and George be shoot covetous look . " I think we will tackle those after lunch . " Mrs. Weasley point at the dusty glass-fronted cabinet stand on either side of the mantelpiece . they be cram with an odd assortment of object : a selection of rusty dagger , claw , a coil snakeskin , a number of tarnished silver box inscribe with language Harry could not understand and , least pleasant of all , an ornate crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper , full of what Harry be quite sure be blood . the clanging doorbell ring again . everyone look at Mrs. Weasley . " stay here , " she say firmly , snatch up the bag of rat as Mrs. Blacks screech start up again from down below . " I will bring up some sandwich . " she leave the room , close the door carefully behind her . at once , everyone dash over to the window to look down onto the doorstep . they could see the top of an unkempt gingery head and a stack of precariously balanced cauldron . " Mundungus ! " say Hermione . " what be he bring all those cauldron for ? " " probably look for a safe place to keep them , " say Harry . " be n't that what he be do the night he be suppose to be tail me ? pick up dodgy cauldron ? " " yeah , you be right ! " say Fred , as the front door open ; Mundungus heave his cauldron through it and disappear from view . " Blimey , Mum wo n't like that . ... " he and George cross to the door and stand beside it , listen intently . Mrs. Black 's scream have stop again . " Mundungus be talk to Sirius and Kingsley , " Fred mutter , frown with concentration . " can n't hear properly ... d'you reckon we can risk the extendable Ears ? " " might be worth it , " say George . " I could sneak upstairs and get a pair -- " but at that precise moment there be an explosion of sound from downstairs that render extendable Ears quite unnecessary . all of them could hear exactly what Mrs. Weasley be shout at the top of her voice . " we be NOT Running A HIDEOUT for STOLEN Goods ! " " I love hear Mum shouting at someone else , " say Fred , with a satisfied smile on his face as he open the door an inch or so to allow Mrs. Weasley 's voice to permeate the room well . " it make such a nice change . " " - COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE , AS if WE Have N'T Got Enough To WORRY ABOUT WITHOUT you DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS Into THE HOUSE -- " " the idiot be let her get into her stride , " say George , shake his head . " you have get to head her off early , otherwise she build up a head of steam and go on for hour . and she have be die to have a go at Mundungus ever since he sneak off when he be suppose to be follow you , Harry -- and there go Sirius 's mum again -- " Mrs. Weasley 's voice be lose amid fresh shriek and scream from the portrait in the hall . George make to shut the door to drown the noise , but before he could do so , a house-elf edge into the room . except for the filthy rag tie like a loincloth around its middle , it be completely naked . it look very old . its skin seem to be several time too big for it and though it be bald like all house-elves , there be a quantity of white hair grow out of its large , batlike ear . its eye be a bloodshot and watery gray , and its fleshy nose be large and rather snoutlike . the elf take absolutely no notice of Harry and the rest . act as though it could not see them , it shuffle hunchbacked , slowly and doggedly , toward the far end of the room , mutter under its breath all the while in a hoarse , deep voice like a bullfrog be , " ... Smells like a drain and a criminal to boot , but she be no good , nasty old blood traitor with her brat mess up my mistress 's house , oh my poor mistress , if she know , if she know the scum they have let in her house , what would she say to old Kreacher , oh the shame of it , Mudbloods and werewolf and traitor and thief , poor old Kreacher , what can he do . ... " " hello , Kreacher , " say Fred very loudly , close the door with a snap . the house-elf freeze in his track , stop mutter , and then give a very pronounced and very unconvincing start of surprise . " Kreacher do not see Young Master , " he say , turn around and bow to Fred . still face the carpet , he add , perfectly audibly , " Nasty little brat of a blood traitor it be . " " sorry ? " say George . " do n't catch that last bit . " " Kreacher say nothing , " say the elf , with a second bow to George , add in a clear undertone , " and there be its twin , unnatural little beast they be . " Harry do n't know whether to laugh or not . the elf straighten up , eye them all very malevolently , and apparently convince that they could not hear him as he continue to mutter . " ... and there be the Mudblood , stand there bold as brass , oh if my mistress know , oh how she will cry , and there be a new boy , Kreacher do n't know his name , what be he do here , Kreacher do n't know ... " " this be Harry , Kreacher , " say Hermione tentatively . " Harry Potter . " Kreacher 's pale eye widen and he mutter faster and more furiously than ever . " the Mudblood be talk to Kreacher as though she be my friend , if Kreacher 's Mistress see him in such company , oh what would she say -- " " do n't call her a Mudblood ! " say Ron and Ginny together , very angrily . " it do n't matter , " Hermione whisper , " he be not in his right mind , he do n't know what he be -- " " do n't kid yourself , Hermione , he know exactly what he be say , " say Fred , eye Kreacher with great dislike . Kreacher be still mutter , his eye on Harry . " be it true ? be it Harry Potter ? Kreacher can see the scar , it must be true , that be that boy who stop the Dark Lord , Kreacher wonder how he do it -- " " do n't we all , Kreacher ? " say Fred . " what do you want anyway ? " George ask . Kreacher 's huge eye dart onto George . " Kreacher be clean , " he say evasively . " a likely story , " say a voice behind Harry . Sirius have come back ; he be glower at the elf from the doorway . the noise in the hall have abate ; perhaps Mrs. Weasley and Mundungus have move their argument down into the kitchen . at the sight of Sirius , Kreacher fling himself into a ridiculously low bow that flatten his snoutlike nose on the floor . " stand up straight , " say Sirius impatiently . " now , what be you up to ? " " Kreacher be clean , " the elf repeat . " Kreacher live to serve the noble house of Black -- " " - and it be get black every day , it be filthy , " say Sirius . " master always like his little joke , " say Kreacher , bow again , and continue in an undertone , " Master be a nasty ungrateful swine who break his mother 's heart -- " " my mother do n't have a heart , Kreacher , " Sirius snap . " she keep herself alive out of pure spite . " Kreacher bow again and say , " whatever Master say , " then mutter furiously , " Master be not fit to wipe slime from his mother 's boot , oh my poor Mistress , what would she say if she see Kreacher serve him , how she hate him , what a disappointment he be -- " " I ask you what you be up to , " say Sirius coldly . " every time you show up pretend to be clean , you sneak something off to your room so we ca n't throw it out . " " Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master 's house , " say the elf , then mutter very fast , " Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry be throw out , seven century it have be in the family , Kreacher must save it , Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitor and the brat destroy it -- " " I think it might be that , " say Sirius , cast a disdainful look at the opposite wall . " she will have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it , I do n't doubt , but if I can get rid of it I certainly will . now go away , Kreacher . " it seem that Kreacher do not dare disobey a direct order ; nevertheless , the look he give Sirius as he shuffle out past him be redolent of deep loathing and he mutter all the way out of the room . " - come back from Azkaban order Kreacher around , oh my poor Mistress , what would she say if she see the house now , scum live in it , her treasure throw out , she swear he be no son of hers and he be back , they say he be a murderer too -- " " keep mutter and I will be a murderer ! " say Sirius irritably , and he slam the door shut on the elf . " Sirius , he be not right in the head , " say Hermione pleadingly , " I do n't think he realize we can hear him . " " he have be alone too long , " say Sirius , " take mad order from my mother 's portrait and talk to himself , but he be always a foul little -- " " if you just set him free , " say Hermione hopefully , " maybe -- " " we ca n't set him free , he know too much about the order , " say Sirius curtly . " and anyway , the shock would kill him . you suggest to him that he leave this house , see how he take it . " Sirius walk across the room , where the tapestry Kreacher have be try to protect hang the length of the wall . Harry and the other follow . the tapestry look immensely old ; it be fade and look as though doxy have gnaw it in place ; nevertheless , the golden thread with which it be embroider still glint brightly enough to show them a sprawling family tree date back ( as far as Harry could tell ) to the Middle Ages . large word at the very top of the tapestry read : " you be not on here ! " say Harry , after scan the bottom of the tree . " I use to be there , " say Sirius , point at a small , round , char hole in the tapestry , rather like a cigarette burn . " my sweet old mother blast me off after I run away from home -- Kreacher 's quite fond of mutter the story under his breath . " " you run away from home ? " " when I be about sixteen , " say Sirius . " I have have enough . " " where do you go ? " ask Harry , stare at him . " your dad 's place , " say Sirius . " your grandparent be really good about it ; they sort of adopt me as a second son . yeah , I camp out at your dad be during the school holiday , and then when I be seventeen I get a place of my own , my Uncle Alphard have leave me a decent bit of gold -- he have be wipe off here too , that be probably why -- anyway , after that I look after myself . I be always welcome at Mr. and Mrs. Potter 's for Sunday lunch , though . " " but ... why do you ... ? " " leave ? " Sirius smile bitterly and run a hand through his long , unkempt hair . " because I hate the whole lot of them : my parent , with their pure-blood mania , convince that to be a Black make you practically royal ... my idiot brother , soft enough to believe them ... that be him . " Sirius jab a finger at the very bottom of the tree , at the name Regulus Black . a date of death ( some fifteen year previously ) follow the date of birth . " he be young than me , " say Sirius , " and a much good son , as I be constantly remind . " " but he die , " say Harry . " yeah , " say Sirius . " stupid idiot ... he join the Death Eaters . " " you be kid ! " " come on , Harry , have n't you see enough of this house to tell what kind of wizard my family be ? " say Sirius testily . " be -- be your parent death eater as well ? " " no , no , but believe me , they think Voldemort have the right idea , they be all for the purification of the Wizarding race , get rid of Muggle-borns and have purebloods in charge . they be n't alone either , there be quite a few people , before Voldemort show his true color , who think he have the right idea about thing . ... they get cold foot when they see what he be prepare to do to get power , though . but I bet my parent think Regulus be a right little hero for join up at first . " " be he kill by an Auror ? " Harry ask tentatively . " oh no , " say Sirius . " no , he be murder by Voldemort . or on Voldemort 's order , more likely , I doubt Regulus be ever important enough to be kill by Voldemort in person . from what I find out after he die , he get in so far , then panick about what he be be ask to do and try to back out . well , you do n't just hand in your resignation to Voldemort . it be a lifetime of service or death . " " lunch , " say Mrs. Weasley 's voice . she be hold her wand high in front of her , balance a huge tray load with sandwich and cake on its tip . she be very red in the face and still look angry . the other move over to her , eager for some food , but Harry remain with Sirius , who have bend closer to the tapestry . " I have n't look at this for year . there be Phineas Nigellus ... my great-great-grandfather , see ? least popular headmaster Hogwarts ever have ... and Araminta Meliflua ... cousin of my mother be ... try to force through a Ministry Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal ... and dear Aunt Elladora ... she start the family tradition of behead house-elves when they get too old to carry tea tray ... of course , anytime the family produce someone halfway decent they be disown . I see Tonks be n't on here . maybe that be why Kreacher wo n't take order from her -- he be suppose to do whatever anyone in the family ask him . ... " " you and Tonks be relate ? " Harry ask , surprise . " oh yeah , her mother , Andromeda , be my favorite cousin , " say Sirius , examine the tapestry carefully . " no , Andromeda be not on here either , look -- " he point to another small round burn mark between two name , Bellatrix and Narcissa . " Andromeda 's sister be still here because they make lovely , respectable pure-blood marriage , but Andromeda marry a Muggle-born , Ted Tonks , so -- " Sirius mime blast the tapestry with a wand and laugh sourly . Harry , however , do not laugh ; he be too busy stare at the name to the right of Andromeda 's burn mark . a double line of gold embroidery link Narcissa Black with Lucius Malfoy , and a single vertical gold line from their name lead to the name Draco . " you be relate to the Malfoys ! " " the pure-blood family be all interrelate , " say Sirius . " if you be only go to let your son and daughter marry purebloods your choice be very limit , there be hardly any of us leave . Molly and I be cousin by marriage and Arthur 's something like my second cousin once remove . but there be no point look for them on here -- if ever a family be a bunch of blood traitor it be the Weasleys . " but Harry be now look at the name to the left of Andromeda 's burn : Bellatrix Black , which be connect by a double line to Rodolphus Lestrange . " Lestrange ... " Harry say aloud . the name have stir something in his memory ; he know it from somewhere , but for a moment he could n't think where , though it give him an odd , creep sensation in the pit of his stomach . " they be in Azkaban , " say Sirius shortly . Harry look at him curiously . " Bellatrix and her husband Rodolphus come in with Barty Crouch , Junior , " say Sirius in the same brusque voice . " Rodolphus 's brother , Rabastan , be with them too . " and Harry remember : he have see Bellatrix Lestrange inside Dumbledore 's Pensieve , the strange device in which thought and memory could be store : a tall dark woman with heavy-lidded eye , who have stand at her trial and proclaim her continue allegiance to Lord Voldemort , her pride that she have try to find him after his downfall and her conviction that she would one day be reward for her loyalty . " you never say she be your -- " " do it matter if she be my cousin ? " snap Sirius . " as far as I be concern , they be not my family . she be certainly not my family . I have n't see her since I be your age , unless you count a glimpse of her come in to Azkaban . D'you think I be proud of have relative like her ? " " sorry , " say Harry quickly , " I do n't mean -- I be just surprise , that be all -- " " it do n't matter , do n't apologize , " Sirius mumble at once . he turn away from the tapestry , his hand deep in his pocket . " I do n't like be back here , " he say , stare across the drawing room . " I never think I will be stick in this house again . " Harry understand completely . he know how he would feel if force , when he be grow up and think he be free of the place forever , to return and live at number four , Privet Drive . " it be ideal for headquarters , of course , " Sirius say . " my father put every security measure know to Wizard-kind on it when he live here . it be Unplottable , so Muggles could never come and call -- as if they will have want to -- and now Dumbledore 's add his protection , you will be hard put to find a safe house anywhere . Dumbledore 's Secret-Keeper for the order , you know -- nobody can find headquarters unless he tell them personally where it be -- that note Moody show you last night , that be from Dumbledore . ... " Sirius give a short , barklike laugh . " if my parent could see the use it be be put to now ... well , my mother 's portrait should give you some idea . ... " he scowl for a moment , then sigh . " I would n't mind if I could just get out occasionally and do something useful . I have ask Dumbledore whether I can escort you to your hearing -- as Snuffles , obviously -- so I can give you a bit of moral support , what d'you think ? " Harry feel as though his stomach have sink through the dusty carpet . he have not think about the hearing once since dinner the previous evening ; in the excitement of be back with the people he like good , of hearing everything that be go on , it have completely flow his mind . at Sirius 's word , however , the crush sense of dread return to him . he stare at Hermione and the Weasleys , all tuck into their sandwich , and think how he would feel if they go back to Hogwarts without him . " do n't worry , " Sirius say . Harry look up and realize that Sirius have be watch him . " I be sure they be go to clear you , there be definitely something in the International Statute of Secrecy about be allow to use magic to save your own life . " " but if they do expel me , " say Harry , quietly , " can I come back here and live with you ? " Sirius smile sadly . " we will see . " " I will feel a lot well about the hearing if I know I do n't have to go back to the Dursley , " Harry press him . " they must be bad if you prefer this place , " say Sirius gloomily . " hurry up , you two , or there wo n't be any food leave , " Mrs. Weasley call . Sirius heave another great sigh , cast a dark look at the tapestry , and he and Harry go to join the other . Harry try his well not to think about the hearing while they empty the glass cabinet that afternoon . fortunately for him , it be a job that require a lot of concentration , as many of the object in there seem very reluctant to leave their dusty shelf . Sirius sustain a bad bite from a silver snuffbox ; within second , his bite hand have develop an unpleasant crusty covering like a tough brown glove . " it be okay , " he say , examine the hand with interest before tap it lightly with his wand and restore its skin to normal , " must be Wartcap powder in there . " he throw the box aside into the sack where they be deposit the debris from the cabinet ; Harry see George wrap his own hand carefully in a cloth moment later and sneak the box into his already doxy-filled pocket . they find an unpleasant-looking silver instrument , something like a many-legged pair of tweezers , which scuttle up Harry 's arm like a spider when he pick it up , and attempt to puncture his skin ; Sirius seize it and smash it with a heavy book entitle Nature 's nobility : a Wizarding Genealogy . there be a musical box that emit a faintly sinister , tinkling tune when wind , and they all find themselves become curiously weak and sleepy until Ginny have the sense to slam the lid shut ; also a heavy locket that none of them could open , a number of ancient seal and , in a dusty box , an order of Merlin , First Class , that have be award to Sirius 's grandfather for " Services to the Ministry . " " it mean he give them a load of gold , " say Sirius contemptuously , throw the medal into the rubbish sack . several time , Kreacher sidle into the room and attempt to smuggle thing away under his loincloth , mutter horrible curse every time they catch him at it . when Sirius wrest a large golden ring bear the Black crest from his grip Kreacher actually burst into furious tear and leave the room sob under his breath and call Sirius name Harry have never hear before . " it be my father be , " say Sirius , throw the ring into the sack . " Kreacher be n't quite as devote to him as to my mother , but I still catch him snog a pair of my father 's old trouser last week . " Mrs. Weasley keep them all work very hard over the next few day . the drawing room take three day to decontaminate ; finally the only undesirable thing leave in it be the tapestry of the Black family tree , which resist all their attempt to remove it from the wall , and the rattle writing desk ; Moody have not drop by headquarters yet , so they could not be sure what be inside it . they move from the draw room to a dining room on the ground floor where they find spider large as saucer lurk in the dresser ( Ron leave the room hurriedly to make a cup of tea and do not return for an hour and a half ) . the china , which bear the Black crest and motto , be all throw unceremoniously into a sack by Sirius , and the same fate meet a set of old photograph in tarnished silver frame , all of whose occupant squeal shrilly as the glass cover them smash . Snape might refer to their work as " clean , " but in Harry 's opinion they be really wage war on the house , which be put up a very good fight , aid and abet by Kreacher . the house-elf keep appear wherever they be congregate , his mutter become more and more offensive as he attempt to remove anything he could from the rubbish sack . Sirius go as far as to threaten him with clothes , but Kreacher fix him with a watery stare and say , " Master must do as Master wish , " before turn away and mutter very loudly , " but Master will not turn Kreacher away , no , because Kreacher know what they be up to , oh yes , he be plot against the Dark Lord , yes , with these Mudbloods and traitor and scum . ... " at which Sirius , ignore Hermione 's protest , seize Kreacher by the back of his loincloth and throw him bodily from the room . the doorbell ring several time a day , which be the cue for Sirius 's mother to start shriek again , and for Harry and the other to attempt to eavesdrop on the visitor , though they glean very little from the brief glimpse and snatch of conversation they be able to sneak before Mrs. Weasley recall them to their task . Snape flit in and out of the house several time more , though to Harry 's relief they never come face-to-face ; he also catch sight of his transfiguration teacher , Professor McGonagall , look very odd in a Muggle dress and coat , though she also seem too busy to linger . sometimes , however , the visitor stay to help ; Tonks join them for a memorable afternoon in which they find a murderous old ghoul lurk in an upstairs toilet , and Lupin , who be stay in the house with Sirius but who leave it for long period to do mysterious work for the order , help them repair a grandfather clock that have develop the unpleasant habit of shoot heavy bolt at passerby . Mundungus redeem himself slightly in Mrs. Weasley 's eye by rescue Ron from an ancient set of purple robe that have try to strangle him when he remove them from their wardrobe . despite the fact that he be still sleep badly , still have dream about corridor and lock door that make his scar prickle , Harry be manage to have fun for the first time all summer . as long as he be busy he be happy ; when the action abate , however , whenever he drop his guard , or lie exhaust in bed watching blur shadow move across the ceiling , the thought of the loom Ministry hearing return to him . fear jab at his inside like needle as he wonder what be go to happen to him if he be expel . the idea be so terrible that he do not dare voice it aloud , not even to Ron and Hermione , who , though he often see them whisper together and cast anxious look in his direction , follow his lead in not mention it . sometimes he could not prevent his imagination show him a faceless Ministry official who be snap his wand in two and order him back to the Dursley ' ... but he would not go . he be determine on that . he would come back here to Grimmauld Place and live with Sirius . he feel as though a brick have drop into his stomach when Mrs. Weasley turn to him during dinner on Wednesday evening and say quietly , " I have iron your good clothes for tomorrow morning , Harry , and I want you to wash your hair tonight too . a good first impression can work wonder . " Ron , Hermione , Fred , George , and Ginny all stop talk and look over at him . Harry nod and try to keep eat his chop , but his mouth have become so dry he could not chew . " how be I get there ? " he ask Mrs. Weasley , try to sound unconcerned . " Arthur be take you to work with him , " say Mrs. Weasley gently . Mr. Weasley smile encouragingly at Harry across the table . " you can wait in my office until it be time for the hearing , " he say . Harry look over at Sirius , but before he could ask the question , Mrs. Weasley have answer it . " Professor Dumbledore do n't think it be a good idea for Sirius to go with you , and I must say I -- " " - think he be quite right , " say Sirius through clench tooth . Mrs. Weasley purse her lip . " when do Dumbledore tell you that ? " Harry say , stare at Sirius . " he come last night , when you be in bed , " say Mr. Weasley . Sirius stab moodily at a potato with his fork . Harry drop his own eye to his plate . the think that Dumbledore have be in the house on the eve of his hearing and not ask to see him make him feel , if that be possible , even bad . the Ministry of Magic Harry awake at half-past five the next morning as abruptly and completely as if somebody have yell in his ear . for a few moment he lie immobile as the prospect of the hearing fill every tiny particle of his brain , then , unable to bear it , he leap out of bed and put on his glass . Mrs. Weasley have lay out his freshly launder jean and T-shirt at the foot of his bed . Harry scramble into them . the blank picture on the wall snigger again . Ron be lie sprawl on his back with his mouth wide open , fast asleep . he do not stir as Harry cross the room , step out onto the landing , and close the door softly behind him . try not to think of the next time he would see Ron , when they might no longer be fellow student at Hogwarts , Harry walk quietly down the stair , past the head of Kreacher 's ancestor , and into the kitchen . he have expect it to be empty , but it be not . when he reach the door he hear the soft rumble of voice on the other side and when he push it open he see Mr. and Mrs. Weasley , Sirius , Lupin , and Tonks sit there almost as though they be wait for him . all be fully dress except Mrs. Weasley , who be wear a quilt , purple dressing gown . she leap to her foot the moment he enter . " breakfast , " she say as she pull out her wand and hurry over to the fire . " M-m-morning , Harry , " yawn Tonks . her hair be blonde and curly this morning . " sleep all right ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " I have b-b-been up all night , " she say , with another shudder yawn . " come and sit down . ... " she draw out a chair , knock over the one beside it in the process . " what do you want , Harry ? " Mrs. Weasley call . " porridge ? muffin ? kipper ? bacon and egg ? toast ? " " just -- just toast , thanks , " say Harry . lupin glance at Harry , then say to Tonks , " what be you say about Scrimgeour ? " " oh ... yeah ... well , we need to be a bit more careful , he have be ask Kingsley and me funny question . ... " Harry feel vaguely grateful that he be not require to join in the conversation . his inside be squirm . Mrs. Weasley place a couple of piece of toast and marmalade in front of him ; he try to eat , but it be like chew carpet . Mrs. Weasley sit down on his other side and start fuss with his T-shirt , tuck in the label and smooth out crease across the shoulder . he wish she would n't . " ... and I will have to tell Dumbledore I ca n't do night duty tomorrow , I be just t-t-too tired , " Tonks finish , yawn hugely again . " I will cover for you , " say Mr. Weasley . " I be okay , I have get a report to finish anyway . ... " Mr. Weasley be not wear wizard 's robe but a pair of pinstriped trouser and an old bomber jacket . he turn from Tonks to Harry . " how be you feel ? " Harry shrug . " it will all be over soon , " Mr. Weasley say bracingly . " in a few hour ' time you will be clear . " Harry say nothing . " the hearing be on my floor , in Amelia Bones 's office . she be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and she be the one who will be question you . " " Amelia Bones be okay , Harry , " say Tonks earnestly . " she be fair , she will hear you out . " Harry nod , still unable to think of anything to say . " do n't lose your temper , " say Sirius abruptly . " be polite and stick to the fact . " Harry nod again . " the law be on your side , " say Lupin quietly . " even underage wizard be allow to use magic in life-threatening situation . " something very cold trickle down the back of Harry 's neck ; for a moment he think someone be put a Disillusionment Charm on him again , then he realize that Mrs. Weasley be attack his hair with a wet comb . she press hard on the top of his head . " do n't it ever lie flat ? " she say desperately . Harry shake his head . Mr. Weasley check his watch and look up at Harry . " I think we will go now , " he say . " we be a bit early , but I think you will be good off there than hang around here . " " okay , " say Harry automatically , drop his toast and get to his foot . " you will be all right , Harry , " say Tonks , pat him on the arm . " good luck , " say Lupin . " I be sure it will be fine . " " and if it be not , " say Sirius grimly , " I will see to Amelia Bones for you . ... " Harry smile weakly . Mrs. Weasley hug him . " we have all get our finger cross , " she say . " right , " say Harry . " well ... see you later then . " he follow Mr. Weasley upstairs and along the hall . he could hear Sirius 's mother grunt in her sleep behind her curtain . Mr. Weasley unbolt the door and they step out into the cold , gray dawn . " you do n't normally walk to work , do you ? " Harry ask him , as they set off briskly around the square . " no , I usually Apparate , " say Mr. Weasley , " but obviously you ca n't , and I think it be well we arrive in a thoroughly non-magical fashion ... make a good impression , give what you be be discipline for . ... " Mr. Weasley keep his hand inside his jacket as they walk . Harry know it be clench around his wand . the run-down street be almost desert , but when they arrive at the miserable little underground station they find it already full of early morning commuter . as ever when he find himself in close proximity to Muggles go about their daily business , Mr. Weasley be hard put to contain his enthusiasm . " simply fabulous , " he whisper , indicate the automatic ticket machine . " wonderfully ingenious . " " they be out of order , " say Harry , point at the sign . " yes , but even so ... " say Mr. Weasley , beam fondly at them . they buy their ticket instead from a sleepy-looking guard ( Harry handle the transaction , as Mr. Weasley be not very good with Muggle money ) and five minute later they be board an underground train that rattle them off toward the center of London . Mr. Weasley keep anxiously checking and rechecking the underground map above the window . " four stop , Harry ... three stop leave now ... two stop to go , Harry ... " they get off at a station in the very heart of London , sweep from the train in a tide of besuited man and woman carry briefcase . up the escalator they go , through the ticket barrier ( Mr. Weasley delight with the way the stile swallow his ticket ) , and emerge onto a broad street line with imposing-looking building , already full of traffic . " where be we ? " say Mr. Weasley blankly , and for one heart-stopping moment Harry think they have get off at the wrong station despite Mr. Weasley 's continual reference to the map ; but a second later he say , " ah yes ... this way , Harry , " and lead him down a side road . " sorry , " he say , " but I never come by train and it all look rather different from a Muggle perspective . as a matter of fact I have never even use the visitor 's entrance before . " the farther they walk , the small and less impose the building become , until finally they reach a street that contain several rather shabby-looking office , a pub , and an overflow dumpster . Harry have expect a rather more impressive location for the Ministry of Magic . " here we be , " say Mr. Weasley brightly , point at an old red telephone box , which be miss several pane of glass and stand before a heavily graffittied wall . " after you , Harry . " he open the telephone box door . Harry step inside , wonder what on earth this be about . Mr. Weasley fold himself in beside Harry and close the door . it be a tight fit ; Harry be jam against the telephone apparatus , which be hang crookedly from the wall as though a vandal have try to rip it off . Mr. Weasley reach past Harry for the receiver . " Mr. Weasley , I think this might be out of order too , " Harry say . " no , no , I be sure it be fine , " say Mr. Weasley , hold the receiver above his head and peer at the dial . " let be see ... six ... " he dial the number , " two ... four ... and another four ... and another two ... " as the dial whir smoothly back into place , a cool female voice sound inside the telephone box , not from the receiver in Mr. Weasley 's hand , but as loudly and plainly as though an invisible woman be stand right beside them . " welcome to the Ministry of Magic . please state your name and business . " " er ... " say Mr. Weasley , clearly uncertain whether he should talk into the receiver or not ; he compromise by hold the mouthpiece to his ear , " Arthur Weasley , Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office , here to escort Harry Potter , who have be ask to attend a disciplinary hearing . ... " " thank you , " say the cool female voice . " visitor , please take the badge and attach it to the front of your robe . " there be a click and a rattle , and Harry see something slide out of the metal chute where return coin usually appear . he pick it up : it be a square silver badge with Harry Potter , Disciplinary Hearing on it . he pin it to the front of his T-shirt as the female voice speak again . " visitor to the Ministry , you be require to submit to a search and present your wand for registration at the security desk , which be locate at the far end of the atrium . " the floor of the telephone box shudder . they be sink slowly into the ground . Harry watch apprehensively as the pavement rise up past the glass window of the telephone box until darkness close over their head . then he could see nothing at all ; he could only hear a dull grind noise as the telephone box make its way down through the earth . after about a minute , though it feel much longer to Harry , a chink of golden light illuminate his foot and , widening , rise up his body , until it hit him in the face and he have to blink to stop his eye from watering . " the Ministry of Magic wish you a pleasant day , " say the woman 's voice . the door of the telephone box spring open and Mr. Weasley step out of it , follow by Harry , whose mouth have fall open . they be stand at one end of a very long and splendid hall with a highly polished , dark wood floor . the peacock-blue ceiling be inlay with gleam golden symbol that be continually move and change like some enormous heavenly notice board . the wall on each side be panel in shiny dark wood and have many gilded fireplace set into them . every few second a witch or wizard would emerge from one of the left-hand fireplace with a soft whoosh ; on the right-hand side , short queue of wizard be form before each fireplace , wait to depart . halfway down the hall be a fountain . a group of golden statue , large than life-size , stand in the middle of a circular pool . tall of them all be a noble-looking wizard with his wand point straight up in the air . group around him be a beautiful witch , a centaur , a goblin , and a house-elf . the last three be all look adoringly up at the witch and wizard . glitter jet of water be fly from the end of the two wand , the point of the centaur 's arrow , the tip of the goblin 's hat , and each of the house-elf 's ear , so that the tinkling hiss of fall water be add to the pop and crack of Apparators and the clatter of footstep as hundred of witch and wizard , most of whom be wear glum , early-morning look , stride toward a set of golden gate at the far end of the hall . " this way , " say Mr. Weasley . they join the throng , wend their way between the Ministry worker , some of whom be carry totter pile of parchment , other batter briefcase , still other read the Daily Prophet as they walk . as they pass the fountain Harry see silver Sickles and bronze Knuts glint up at him from the bottom of the pool . a small , smudge sign beside it read : all proceed from the Fountain of Magical Brethren will be give to St. Mungo 's hospital for magical malady and injury if I be not expel from Hogwarts , I will put in ten Galleons , Harry find himself think desperately . " over here , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley , and they step out of the stream of Ministry employee head for the golden gate , toward a desk on the left , over which hang a sign say security . a badly shave wizard in peacock-blue robe look up as they approach and put down his Daily Prophet . " I be escort a visitor , " say Mr. Weasley , gesture toward Harry . " step over here , " say the wizard in a bored voice . Harry walk closer to him and the wizard hold up a long golden rod , thin and flexible as a car aerial , and pass it up and down Harry 's front and back . " wand , " grunt the security wizard at Harry , put down the golden instrument and hold out his hand . Harry produce his wand . the wizard drop it onto a strange brass instrument , which look something like a set of scale with only one dish . it begin to vibrate . a narrow strip of parchment come speed out of a slit in the base . the wizard tear this off and read the writing upon it . " eleven inch , phoenix-feather core , be in use four year . that correct ? " " yes , " say Harry nervously . " I keep this , " say the wizard , impale the slip of parchment on a small brass spike . " you get this back , " he add , thrust the wand at Harry . " thank you . " " hang on . ... " say the wizard slowly . his eye have dart from the silver visitor 's badge on Harry 's chest to his forehead . " thank you , Eric , " say Mr. Weasley firmly , and grasp Harry by the shoulder , he steer him away from the desk and back into the stream of wizard and witch walk through the golden gate . jostle slightly by the crowd , Harry follow Mr. Weasley through the gate into the small hall beyond , where at least twenty lift stand behind wrought golden grille . Harry and Mr. Weasley join the crowd around one of them . a big , bearded wizard hold a large cardboard box stand nearby . the box be emit rasping noise . " all right , Arthur ? " say the wizard , nod at Mr. Weasley . " what have you get there , Bob ? " ask Mr. Weasley , look at the box . " we be not sure , " say the wizard seriously . " we think it be a bog-standard chicken until it start breathe fire . look like a serious breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me . " with a great jangle and clatter a lift descend in front of them ; the golden grille slide back and Harry and Mr. Weasley move inside it with the rest of the crowd . Harry find himself jam against the back wall of the lift . several witch and wizard be look at him curiously ; he stare at his foot to avoid catch anyone 's eye , flatten his fringe as he do so . the grille slide shut with a crash and the lift ascend slowly , chain rattle all the while , while the same cool female voice Harry have hear in the telephone box ring out again . " level seven , Department of Magical Games and Sports , incorporate the British and Irish Quidditch League Headquarters , Official Gobstones Club , and Ludicrous Patents Office . " the lift door open ; Harry glimpse an untidy-looking corridor , with various poster of Quidditch team tack lopsidedly on the wall ; one of the wizard in the lift , who be carry an armful of broomstick , extricate himself with difficulty and disappear down the corridor . the door close , the lift judder upward again , and the woman 's voice say , " Level six , Department of Magical Transport , incorporate the Floo Network Authority , Broom Regulatory Control , Portkey Office , and Apparation Test Center . " once again the lift door open and four or five witch and wizard get out ; at the same time , several paper airplane swoop into the lift . Harry stare up at them as they flap idly around above his head ; they be a pale violet color and he could see Ministry of Magic stamp along the edge of their wing . " just interdepartmental memo , " Mr. Weasley mutter to him . " we use to use owl , but the mess be unbelievable ... droppings all over the desk ... " as they clatter upward again , the memo flap around the sway lamp in the lift 's ceiling . " level five , Department of International Magical Cooperation , incorporate the International Magical Trading Standards Body , the International Magical Office of Law , and the International Confederation of Wizards , British seat . " when the door open , two of the memo zoom out with a few more witch and wizard , but several more memo zoom in , so that the light from the lamp in the ceiling flicker and flash as they dart around it . " level four , Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures , incorporate Beast , be , and Spirit Divisions , Goblin Liaison Office , and Pest Advisory Bureau . " " ' S'cuse , " say the wizard carry the fire-breathing chicken and he leave the lift pursue by a little flock of memo . the door clang shut yet again . " level three , Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes , include the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad , Obliviator Headquarters , and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Committee . " everybody leave the lift on this floor except Mr. Weasley , Harry , and a witch who be read an extremely long piece of parchment that be trail on the ground . the remain memo continue to soar around the lamp as the lift judder upward again , and then the door open and the voice say , " Level two , Department of Magical Law Enforcement , include the Improper Use of Magic Office , Auror Headquarters , and Wizengamot Administration Services . " " this be us , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley , and they follow the witch out of the lift into a corridor line with door . " my office be on the other side of the floor . " " Mr. Weasley , " say Harry , as they pass a window through which sunlight be stream , " be n't we underground ? " " yes , we be , " say Mr. Weasley , " those be enchant window ; Magical Maintenance decide what weather we be get every day . we have two month of hurricane last time they be angle for a pay raise . ... just round here , Harry . " they turn a corner , walk through a pair of heavy oak door , and emerge in a cluttered , open area divide into cubicle , which be buzz with talk and laughter . memo be zoom in and out of cubicle like miniature rocket . a lopsided sign on the near cubicle read AUROR HEADQUARTERS . Harry look surreptitiously through the doorway as they pass . the Aurors have cover their cubicle wall with everything from picture of wanted wizard and photograph of their family , to poster of their favorite Quidditch team and article from the Daily Prophet . a scarlet-robed man with a ponytail longer than Bill 's be sit with his boot up on his desk , dictate a report to his quill . a little farther along , a witch with a patch over her eye be talk over the top of her cubicle wall to Kingsley Shacklebolt . " morning , Weasley , " say Kingsley carelessly , as they draw near . " I have be want a word with you , have you get a second ? " " yes , if it really be a second , " say Mr. Weasley , " I be in rather a hurry . " they be talk to each other as though they hardly know each other , and when Harry open his mouth to say hello to Kingsley , Mr. Weasley stand on his foot . they follow Kingsley along the row and into the very last cubicle . Harry receive a slight shock ; Sirius 's face be blink down at him from every direction . newspaper cutting and old photograph -- even the one of Sirius be good man at the Potters ' wedding -- paper the wall . the only Sirius-free space be a map of the world in which little red pin be glow like jewel . " here , " say Kingsley brusquely to Mr. Weasley , shove a sheaf of parchment into his hand , " I need as much information as possible on fly Muggle vehicle sight in the last twelve month . we have receive information that Black might still be use his old motorcycle . " Kingsley tip Harry an enormous wink and add , in a whisper , " give him the magazine , he might find it interesting . " then he say in normal tone , " and do n't take too long , Weasley , the delay on that firelegs report hold our investigation up for a month . " " if you have read my report you would know that the term be ' firearm , ' " say Mr. Weasley coolly . " and I be afraid you will have to wait for information on motorcycle , we be extremely busy at the moment . " he drop his voice and say , " if you can get away before seven , Molly 's make meatball . " he beckon to Harry and lead him out of Kingsley 's cubicle , through a second set of oak door , into another passage , turn leave , march along another corridor , turn right into a dimly light and distinctly shabby corridor , and finally reach a dead end , where a door on the left stand ajar , reveal a broom cupboard , and a door on the right bear a tarnished brass plaque read MISUSE of MUGGLE ARTIFACTS . Mr. Weasley 's dingy office seem to be slightly small than the broom cupboard . two desk have be cram inside it and there be barely room to move around them because of all the overflow filing cabinet line the wall , on top of which be totter pile of file . the little wall space available bore witness to Mr. Weasley 's obsession ; there be several poster of car , include one of a dismantle engine , two illustration of postbox he seem to have cut out of Muggle child 's book , and a diagram showing how to wire a plug . sit on top of Mr. Weasley 's overflow in-tray be an old toaster that be hiccup in a disconsolate way and a pair of empty leather glove that be twiddle their thumb . a photograph of the Weasley family stand beside the in-tray . Harry notice that Percy appear to have walk out of it . " we have n't get a window , " say Mr. Weasley apologetically , take off his bomber jacket and place it on the back of his chair . " we have ask , but they do n't seem to think we need one . have a seat , Harry , do n't look as if Perkins be in yet . " Harry squeeze himself into the chair behind Perkins 's desk while Mr. Weasley rifle through the sheaf of parchment Kingsley Shacklebolt have give him . " ah , " he say , grin , as he extract a copy of a magazine entitle the Quibbler from its midst , " yes ... " he flick through it . " yes , he be right , I be sure Sirius will find that very amusing -- oh dear , what be this now ? " a memo have just zoom in through the open door and flutter to rest on top of the hiccup toaster . Mr. Weasley unfold it and read aloud , " ' third regurgitate public toilet report in Bethnal Green , kindly investigate immediately . ' this be get ridiculous . ... " " a regurgitate toilet ? " " Anti-Muggle prankster , " say Mr. Weasley , frown . " we have two last week , one in Wimbledon , one in Elephant and Castle . Muggles be pull the flush and instead of everything disappear -- well , you can imagine . the poor thing keep call in those -- those pumbles , I think they be call -- you know , the one who mend pipe and thing -- " " Plumbers ? " " - exactly , yes , but of course they be flummox . I only hope we can catch whoever be do it . " " will it be Aurors who catch them ? " " oh no , this be too trivial for Aurors , it will be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol -- ah , Harry , this be Perkins . " a stoop , timid-looking old wizard with fluffy white hair have just enter the room , pant . " oh Arthur ! " he say desperately , without look at Harry . " thank goodness , I do n't know what to do for the good , whether to wait here for you or not , I have just send an owl to your home but you have obviously miss it -- an urgent message come ten minute ago -- " " I know about the regurgitate toilet , " say Mr. Weasley . " no , no , it be not the toilet , it be the Potter boy 's hearing -- they have change the time and venue -- it start at eight o'clock now and it be down in old Courtroom ten -- " " Down in old -- but they tell me -- Merlin 's beard -- " Mr. Weasley look at his watch , let out a yelp , and leap from his chair . " quick , Harry , we should have be there five minute ago ! " Perkins flatten himself against the filing cabinet as Mr. Weasley leave the office at a run , Harry on his heel . " why have they change the time ? " Harry say breathlessly as they hurtle past the Auror cubicle ; people poke out their head and stare as they streak past . Harry feel as though he have leave all his inside back at Perkins 's desk . " I have no idea , but thank goodness we get here so early , if you have miss it it would have be catastrophic ! " Mr. Weasley skid to a halt beside the lift and jab impatiently at the down button . " come on ! " the lift clatter into view and they hurry inside . every time it stop Mr. Weasley curse furiously and pummel the number nine button . " those courtroom have n't be use in year , " say Mr. Weasley angrily . " I ca n't think why they be do it down there -- unless -- but no ... " a plump witch carry a smoking goblet enter the lift at that moment , and Mr. Weasley do not elaborate . " the atrium , " say the cool female voice and the golden grille slide open , show Harry a distant glimpse of the golden statue in the fountain . the plump witch get out and a sallow-skinned wizard with a very mournful face get in . " morning , Arthur , " he say in a sepulchral voice as the lift begin to descend . " do n't often see you down here . ... " " urgent business , Bode , " say Mr. Weasley , who be bounce on the ball of his foot and throw anxious look over at Harry . " ah , yes , " say Bode , survey Harry unblinkingly . " of course . " Harry barely have emotion to spare for Bode , but his unfaltering gaze do not make him feel any more comfortable . " Department of Mysteries , " say the cool female voice , and leave it at that . " quick , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley as the lift door rattle open , and they speed up a corridor that be quite different from those above . the wall be bare ; there be no window and no door apart from a plain black one set at the very end of the corridor . Harry expect them to go through it , but instead Mr. Weasley seize him by the arm and drag him to the left , where there be an opening lead to a flight of step . " down here , down here , " pant Mr. Weasley , take two step at a time . " the lift do n't even come down this far ... why they be do it there ... " they reach the bottom of the step and run along yet another corridor , which bear a great resemblance to that which lead to Snape 's dungeon at Hogwarts , with rough stone wall and torch in bracket . the door they pass here be heavy wooden one with iron bolt and keyhole . " courtroom ... ten ... I think ... we be nearly ... yes . " Mr. Weasley stumble to a halt outside a grimy dark door with an immense iron lock and slump against the wall , clutch at a stitch in his chest . " go on , " he pant , point his thumb at the door . " get in there . " " be n't -- be n't you come with -- ? " " no , no , I be not allow . good luck ! " Harry 's heart be beat a violent tattoo against his Adam 's apple . he swallow hard , turn the heavy iron door handle , and step inside the courtroom . the Hearing Harry gasp ; he could not help himself . the large dungeon he have enter be horribly familiar . he have not only see it before , he have be here before : this be the place he have visit inside Dumbledore 's Pensieve , the place where he have watch the Lestranges sentence to life imprisonment in Azkaban . the wall be make of dark stone , dimly light by torch . empty bench rise on either side of him , but ahead , in the high bench of all , be many shadowy figure . they have be talk in low voice , but as the heavy door swing close behind Harry an ominous silence fall . a cold male voice ring across the courtroom . " you be late . " " sorry , " say Harry nervously . " I-I do n't know the time have change . " " that be not the Wizengamot 's fault , " say the voice . " an owl be send to you this morning . take your seat . " Harry drop his gaze to the chair in the center of the room , the arm of which be cover in chain . he have see those chain spring to life and bind whoever sit between them . his footstep echo loudly as he walk across the stone floor . when he sit gingerly on the edge of the chair the chain clink rather threateningly but do not bind him . feel rather sick he look up at the people seat at the bench above . there be about fifty of them , all , as far as he could see , wear plum-colored robe with an elaborately work silver W on the left-hand side of the chest and all stare down their nose at him , some with very austere expression , other look of frank curiosity . in the very middle of the front row sit Cornelius Fudge , the Minister of Magic . fudge be a portly man who often sport a lime-green bowler hat , though today he have dispense with it ; he have dispense too with the indulgent smile he have once wear when he speak to Harry . a broad , square-jawed witch with very short gray hair sit on Fudge 's left ; she wear a monocle and look forbid . on Fudge 's right be another witch , but she be sit so far back on the bench that her face be in shadow . " very well , " say Fudge . " the accused be present -- finally -- let us begin . be you ready ? " he call down the row . " yes , sir , " say an eager voice Harry know . Ron 's brother Percy be sit at the very end of the front bench . Harry look at Percy , expect some sign of recognition from him , but none come . Percy 's eye , behind his horn-rimmed glass , be fix on his parchment , a quill poise in his hand . " disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August , " say Fudge in a ringing voice , and Percy begin take note at once , " into offense commit under the decree for the reasonable restriction of Underage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by Harry James Potter , resident at number four , Privet Drive , Little Whinging , Surrey . " interrogator : Cornelius Oswald Fudge , Minister of Magic ; Amelia Susan Bones , Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement ; Dolores Jane Umbridge , Senior Undersecretary to the Minister . Court Scribe , Percy Ignatius Weasley -- " " - witness for the defense , Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore , " say a quiet voice from behind Harry , who turn his head so fast he crick his neck . Dumbledore be stride serenely across the room wear long midnight-blue robe and a perfectly calm expression . his long silver beard and hair gleam in the torchlight as he draw level with Harry and look up at Fudge through the half-moon spectacles that rest halfway down his very crooked nose . the member of the Wizengamot be mutter . all eye be now on Dumbledore . some look annoyed , other slightly frightened ; two elderly witch in the back row , however , raise their hand and wave in welcome . a powerful emotion have rise in Harry 's chest at the sight of Dumbledore , a fortify , hopeful feeling rather like that which phoenix song give him . he want to catch Dumbledore 's eye , but Dumbledore be not look his way ; he be continue to look up at the obviously fluster Fudge . " ah , " say Fudge , who look thoroughly disconcert . " Dumbledore . yes . you -- er -- get our -- er -- message that the time and -- er -- place of the hearing have be change , then ? " " I must have miss it , " say Dumbledore cheerfully . " however , due to a lucky mistake I arrive at the Ministry three hour early , so no harm do . " " yes -- well -- I suppose we will need another chair -- I -- Weasley , could you -- ? " " not to worry , not to worry , " say Dumbledore pleasantly ; he take out his wand , give it a little flick , and a squashy chintz armchair appear out of nowhere next to Harry . Dumbledore sit down , put the tip of his long finger together , and look at Fudge over them with an expression of polite interest . the Wizengamot be still mutter and fidget restlessly ; only when Fudge speak again do they settle down . " yes , " say Fudge again , shuffle his note . " well , then . so . the charge . yes . " he extricate a piece of parchment from the pile before him , take a deep breath , and read , " the charge against the accuse are as follow : that he do knowingly , deliberately , and in full awareness of the illegality of his action , have receive a previous written warning from the Ministry of Magic on a similar charge , produce a Patronus Charm in a Muggle-inhabited area , in the presence of a Muggle , on August the second at twenty-three minute past nine , which constitute an offense under paragraph C of the decree for the reasonable restriction of Underage Sorcery , @card@ , and also under section thirteen of the International Confederation of Wizards ' statute of Secrecy . " you be Harry James Potter , of number four , Privet Drive , Little Whinging , Surrey ? " Fudge say , glare at Harry over the top of his parchment . " yes , " Harry say . " you receive an official warning from the Ministry for use illegal magic three year ago , do you not ? " " yes , but -- " " and yet you conjure a Patronus on the night of the second of August ? " say Fudge . " yes , " say Harry , " but -- " " Knowing that you be not permit to use magic outside school while you be under the age of seventeen ? " " yes , but -- " " Knowing that you be in an area full of Muggles ? " " yes , but -- " " fully aware that you be in close proximity to a Muggle at the time ? " yes , " say Harry angrily , " but I only use it because we be -- " the witch with the monocle on Fudge 's leave cut across him in a booming voice . " you produce a fully fledge Patronus ? " " yes , " say Harry , " because -- " " a corporeal Patronus ? " " a -- what ? " say Harry . " your Patronus have a clearly define form ? I mean to say , it be more than vapor or smoke ? " " yes , " say Harry , feeling both impatient and slightly desperate , " it be a stag , it be always a stag . " " always ? " boom Madam Bones . " you have produce a Patronus before now ? " " yes , " say Harry , " I have be do it for over a year -- " " and you be fifteen year old ? " " yes , and -- " " you learn this at school ? " " yes , Professor Lupin teach me in my third year , because of the -- " " impressive , " say Madam Bones , stare down at him , " a true Patronus at that age ... very impressive indeed . " some of the wizard and witch around her be mutter again ; a few nod , but other be frown and shake their head . " it be not a question of how impressive the magic be , " say Fudge in a testy voice . " in fact , the more impressive the bad it be , I would have think , give that the boy do it in plain view of a Muggle ! " those who have be frown now murmur in agreement , but it be the sight of Percy 's sanctimonious little nod that goad Harry into speech . " I do it because of the dementors ! " he say loudly , before anyone could interrupt him again . he have expect more mutter , but the silence that fall seem to be somehow dense than before . " Dementors ? " say Madam Bones after a moment , raise her thick eyebrow so that her monocle look in danger of fall out . " what do you mean , boy ? " " I mean there be two dementors down that alleyway and they go for me and my cousin ! " " ah , " say Fudge again , smirk unpleasantly as he look around at the Wizengamot , as though invite them to share the joke . " yes . yes , I think we will be hear something like this . " " Dementors in Little Whinging ? " madam Bones say in tone of great surprise . " I do n't understand -- " " do n't you , Amelia ? " say Fudge , still smirk . " let me explain . he have be think it through and decide dementors would make a very nice little cover story , very nice indeed . Muggles ca n't see dementors , can they , boy ? highly convenient , highly convenient ... so it be just your word and no witness . ... " " I be not lie ! " say Harry loudly , over another outbreak of mutter from the court . " there be two of them , come from opposite end of the alley , everything go dark and cold and my cousin feel them and run for it -- " " Enough , enough ! " say Fudge with a very supercilious look on his face . " I be sorry to interrupt what I be sure would have be a very well-rehearse story -- " Dumbledore clear his throat . the Wizengamot fall silent again . " we do , in fact , have a witness to the presence of dementors in that alleyway , " he say , " other than Dudley Dursley , I mean . " Fudge 's plump face seem to slacken , as though somebody have let air out of it . he stare down at Dumbledore for a moment or two , then , with the appearance of a man pull himself back together , say , " we have n't get time to listen to more taradiddle , I be afraid , Dumbledore . I want this deal with quickly -- " " I may be wrong , " say Dumbledore pleasantly , " but I be sure that under the Wizengamot Charter of Rights , the accused have the right to present witness for his or her case ? be n't that the policy of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement , Madam Bones ? " he continue , address the witch in the monocle . " true , " say Madam Bones . " perfectly true . " " oh , very well , very well , " snap Fudge . " where be this person ? " " I bring her with me , " say Dumbledore . " she be just outside the door . should I -- ? " " no -- Weasley , you go , " Fudge bark at Percy , who get up at once , hurry down the stone step from the judge 's balcony , and hasten past Dumbledore and Harry without glance at them . a moment later , Percy return , follow by Mrs. Figg . she look scared and more batty than ever . Harry wish she have think to change out of her carpet slipper . Dumbledore stand up and give Mrs. Figg his chair , conjure a second one for himself . " full name ? " say Fudge loudly , when Mrs. Figg have perch herself nervously on the very edge of her seat . " Arabella Doreen Figg , " say Mrs. Figg in her quavery voice . " and who exactly be you ? " say Fudge , in a bored and lofty voice . " I be a resident of Little Whinging , close to where Harry Potter live , " say Mrs. Figg . " we have no record of any witch or wizard living in Little Whinging other than Harry Potter , " say Madam Bones at once . " that situation have always be closely monitor , give ... give past event . " " I be a Squib , " say Mrs. Figg . " so you would n't have me register , would you ? " " a Squib , eh ? " say Fudge , eye her suspiciously . " we will be check that . you will leave detail of your parentage with my assistant , Weasley . incidentally , can squib see dementors ? " he add , look left and right along the bench where he sit . " yes , we can ! " say Mrs. Figg indignantly . fudge look back down at her , his eyebrow raise . " very well , " he say coolly . " what be your story ? " " I have go out to buy cat food from the corner shop at the end of Wisteria walk , shortly after nine on the evening of the second of August , " gabble Mrs. Figg at once , as though she have learn what she be say by heart , " when I hear a disturbance down the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria walk . on approach the mouth of the alleyway I see dementors run -- " " running ? " say Madam Bones sharply . " Dementors do n't run , they glide . " " that be what I mean to say , " say Mrs. Figg quickly , patch of pink appear in her wither cheek . " glide along the alley toward what look like two boy . " " what do they look like ? " say Madam Bones , narrow her eye so that the monocle 's edge disappear into her flesh . " well , one be very large and the other one rather skinny -- " " no , no , " say Madam Bones impatiently , " the dementors ... describe them . " " oh , " say Mrs. Figg , the pink flush creep up her neck now . " they be big . big and wear cloak . " Harry feel a horrible sinking in the pit of his stomach . whatever Mrs. Figg say to the contrary , it sound to him as though the most she have ever see be a picture of a dementor , and a picture could never convey the truth of what these being be like : the eerie way they move , hover inch over the ground , or the rot smell of them , or that terrible , rattle noise they make as they suck on the surround air ... a dumpy wizard with a large black mustache in the second row lean close to his neighbor , a frizzy-haired witch , and whisper something in her ear . she smirk and nod . " big and wear cloak , " repeat Madam Bones coolly , while Fudge snort derisively . " I see . anything else ? " " yes , " say Mrs. Figg . " I feel them . everything go cold , and this be a very warm summer 's night , mark you . and I feel ... as though all happiness have go from the world ... and I remember ... dreadful thing . ... " her voice shake and die . madam Bones ' eye widen slightly . Harry could see red mark under her eyebrow where the monocle have dug into it . " what do the dementors do ? " she ask , and Harry feel a rush of hope . " they go for the boy , " say Mrs. Figg , her voice strong and more confident now , the pink flush ebb away from her face . " one of them have fall . the other be back away , try to repel the dementor . that be Harry . he try twice and produce silver vapor . on the third attempt , he produce a Patronus , which charge down the first dementor and then , with his encouragement , chase away the second from his cousin . and that ... that be what happen , " Mrs. Figg finish , somewhat lamely . madam Bones look down at Mrs. Figg in silence ; Fudge be not look at her at all , but fidget with his paper . finally he raise his eye and say , rather aggressively " that be what you see , be it ? " " that be what happen , " Mrs. Figg repeat . " very well , " say Fudge . " you may go . " Mrs. Figg cast a frightened look from Fudge to Dumbledore , then get up and shuffle off toward the door again . Harry hear it thud shut behind her . " not a very convincing witness , " say Fudge loftily . " oh , I do n't know , " say Madam Bones in her booming voice . " she certainly describe the effect of a dementor attack very accurately . and I ca n't imagine why she would say they be there if they be n't -- " " but dementors wander into a Muggle suburb and just happen to come across a wizard ? " snort Fudge . " the odd on that must be very , very long , even Bagman would n't have bet -- " " oh , I do n't think any of us believe the dementors be there by coincidence , " say Dumbledore lightly . the witch sit to the right of Fudge with her face in shadow move slightly , but everyone else be quite still and silent . " and what be that suppose to mean ? " ask Fudge icily . " it mean that I think they be order there , " say Dumbledore . " I think we might have a record of it if someone have order a pair of dementors to go stroll through Little Whinging ! " bark Fudge . " not if the dementors be take order from someone other than the Ministry of Magic these day , " say Dumbledore calmly . " I have already give you my view on this matter , Cornelius . " " yes , you have , " say Fudge forcefully , " and I have no reason to believe that your view be anything other than bilge , Dumbledore . the dementors remain in place in Azkaban and be do everything we ask them to . " " then , " say Dumbledore , quietly but clearly , " we must ask ourselves why somebody within the Ministry order a pair of dementors into that alleyway on the second of August . " in the complete silence that greet these word , the witch to the right of Fudge lean forward so that Harry see her for the first time . he think she look just like a large , pale toad . she be rather squat with a broad , flabby face , as little neck as Uncle Vernon , and a very wide , slack mouth . her eye be large , round , and slightly bulge . even the little black velvet bow perch on top of her short curly hair put him in mind of a large fly she be about to catch on a long sticky tongue . " the chair recognize Dolores Jane Umbridge , Senior Undersecretary to the Minister , " say Fudge . the witch speak in a fluttery , girlish , high-pitched voice that take Harry aback ; he have be expect a croak . " I be sure I must have misunderstand you , Professor Dumbledore , " she say with a simper that leave her big , round eye as cold as ever . " so silly of me . but it sound for a teensy moment as though you be suggest that the Ministry of Magic have order an attack on this boy ! " she give a silvery laugh that make the hair on the back of Harry 's neck stand up . a few other member of the Wizengamot laugh with her . it could not have be plain that not one of them be really amuse . " if it be true that the dementors be take order only from the Ministry of Magic , and it be also true that two dementors attack Harry and his cousin a week ago , then it follow logically that somebody at the Ministry might have order the attack , " say Dumbledore politely . " of course , these particular dementors may have be outside Ministry control -- " " there be no dementors outside Ministry control ! " snap Fudge , who have turn brick red . Dumbledore incline his head in a little bow . " then undoubtedly the Ministry will be make a full inquiry into why two dementors be so very far from Azkaban and why they attack without authorization . " " it be not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic do or do not do , Dumbledore ! " snap Fudge , now a shade of magenta of which Uncle Vernon would have be proud . " of course it be n't , " say Dumbledore mildly . " I be merely express my confidence that this matter will not go uninvestigate . " he glance at Madam Bones , who readjust her monocle and stare back at him , frown slightly . " I would remind everybody that the behavior of these dementors , if indeed they be not figment of this boy 's imagination , be not the subject of this hearing ! " say Fudge . " we be here to examine Harry Potter 's offense under the decree for the reasonable restriction of Underage Sorcery ! " " of course we be , " say Dumbledore , " but the presence of dementors in that alleyway be highly relevant . clause seven of the decree state that magic may be use before Muggles in exceptional circumstance , and as those exceptional circumstance include situation that threaten the life of the wizard or witch himself , or witch , wizard , or Muggles present at the time of the -- " " we be familiar with clause seven , thank you very much ! " snarl Fudge . " of course you be , " say Dumbledore courteously . " then we be in agreement that Harry 's use of the Patronus Charm in these circumstance fall precisely into the category of exceptional circumstance it describe ? " " if there be dementors , which I doubt -- " " you have hear from an eyewitness , " Dumbledore interrupt . " if you still doubt her truthfulness , call her back , question her again . I be sure she would not object . " " I -- that -- not -- " bluster Fudge , fiddle with the paper before him . " it be -- I want this over with today , Dumbledore ! " " but naturally , you would not care how many time you hear from a witness , if the alternative be a serious miscarriage of justice , " say Dumbledore . " serious miscarriage , my hat ! " say Fudge at the top of his voice . " have you ever bother to tot up the number of cock-and-bull story this boy have come out with , Dumbledore , while try to cover up his flagrant misuse of magic out of school ? I suppose you have forget the Hover Charm he use three year ago -- " " that be n't me , it be a house-elf ! " say Harry . " you See ? " roar Fudge , gesture flamboyantly in Harry 's direction . " a house-elf ! in a Muggle house ! I ask you -- " " the house-elf in question be currently in the employ of Hogwarts School , " say Dumbledore . " I can summon him here in an instant to give evidence if you wish . " " I -- not -- I have n't get time to listen to house-elves ! anyway , that be not the only -- he blow up his aunt , for God 's sake ! " Fudge shout , bang his fist on the judge 's bench and upset a bottle of ink . " and you very kindly do not press charge on that occasion , accept , I presume , that even the good wizard can always control their emotion , " say Dumbledore calmly , as Fudge attempt to scrub the ink off his note . " and I have n't even start on what he get up to at school -- " " - but as the Ministry have no authority to punish Hogwarts student for misdemeanor at school , Harry 's behavior there be not relevant to this inquiry , " say Dumbledore , politely as ever , but now with a suggestion of coolness behind his word . " Oho ! " say Fudge . " not our business what he do at school , eh ? you think so ? " " the Ministry do not have the power to expel Hogwarts student , Cornelius , as I remind you on the night of the second of August , " say Dumbledore . " nor do it have the right to confiscate wand until charge have be successfully prove , again , as I remind you on the night of the second of August . in your admirable haste to ensure that the law be uphold , you appear , inadvertently I be sure , to have overlook a few law yourself . " " law can be change , " say Fudge savagely . " of course they can , " say Dumbledore , incline his head . " and you certainly seem to be make many change , Cornelius . why , in the few short week since I be ask to leave the Wizengamot , it have already become the practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a simple matter of underage magic ! " a few of the wizard above them shift uncomfortably in their seat . fudge turn a slightly deep shade of puce . the toadlike witch on his right , however , merely gaze at Dumbledore , her face quite expressionless . " as far as I be aware , however , " Dumbledore continue , " there be no law yet in place that say this court 's job be to punish Harry for every bit of magic he have ever perform . he have be charge with a specific offense and he have present his defense . all he and I can do now be to await your verdict . " Dumbledore put his fingertip together again and say no more . fudge glare at him , evidently incense . Harry glance sideways at Dumbledore , seek reassurance ; he be not at all sure that Dumbledore be right in tell the Wizengamot , in effect , that it be about time they make a decision . again , however , Dumbledore seem oblivious to Harry 's attempt to catch his eye . he continue to look up at the bench where the entire Wizengamot have fall into urgent , whisper conversation . Harry look at his foot . his heart , which seem to have swell to an unnatural size , be thump loudly under his rib . he have expect the hearing to last longer than this . he be not at all sure that he have make a good impression . he have not really say very much . he ought to have explain more fully about the dementors , about how he have fall over , about how both he and Dudley have nearly be kiss . ... twice he look up at Fudge and open his mouth to speak , but his swollen heart be now constrict his air passage and both time he merely take a deep breath and look back at his shoe . then the whispering stop . Harry want to look up at the judge , but find that it be really much , much easy to keep examine his lace . " those in favor of clear the accuse of all charge ? " say Madam Bones 's booming voice . Harry 's head jerk upward . there be hand in the air , many of them ... more than half ! breathe very fast , he try to count , but before he could finish Madam Bones have say , " and those in favor of conviction ? " Fudge raise his hand ; so do half a dozen other , include the witch on his right and the heavily mustached wizard and the frizzy-haired witch in the second row . fudge glance around at them all , look as though there be something large stick in his throat , then lower his own hand . he take two deep breath and then say , in a voice distort by suppress rage , " Very well , very well ... clear of all charge . " " excellent , " say Dumbledore briskly , spring to his foot , pull out his wand , and cause the two chintz armchair to vanish . " well , I must be get along . good day to you all . " and without look once at Harry , he sweep from the dungeon . the Woes of Mrs. Weasley Dumbledore 's abrupt departure take Harry completely by surprise . he remain sit where he be in the chain chair , struggle with his feeling of shock and relief . the Wizengamot be all get to their foot , talk , and gather up their paper and pack them away . Harry stand up . nobody seem to be pay him the slight bit of attention except the toadlike witch on Fudge 's right , who be now gaze down at him instead of at Dumbledore . ignore her , he try to catch Fudge 's eye , or Madam Bones 's , want to ask whether he be free to go , but Fudge seem quite determine not to notice Harry , and Madam Bones be busy with her briefcase , so he take a few tentative step toward the exit and when nobody call him back , break into a very fast walk . he take the last few step at a run , wrench open the door , and almost collide with Mr. Weasley , who be stand right outside , look pale and apprehensive . " Dumbledore do n't say -- " " Cleared , " Harry say , pull the door close behind him , " of all charge ! " beam , Mr. Weasley seize Harry by the shoulder . " Harry , that be wonderful ! well , of course , they could n't have find you guilty , not on the evidence , but even so , I ca n't pretend I be n't -- " but Mr. Weasley break off , because the courtroom door have just open again . the Wizengamot be file out . " Merlin 's beard , " say Mr. Weasley wonderingly , pull Harry aside to let them all pass , " you be try by the full court ? " " I think so , " say Harry quietly . one or two of the pass wizard nod to Harry as they pass and a few , include Madam Bones , say , " Morning , Arthur , " to Mr. Weasley , but most avert their eye . Cornelius Fudge and the toadlike witch be almost the last to leave the dungeon . fudge act as though Mr. Weasley and Harry be part of the wall , but again , the witch look almost appraisingly at Harry as she pass . last of all to pass be Percy . like Fudge , he completely ignore his father and Harry ; he march past clutch a large roll of parchment and a handful of spare quill , his back rigid and his nose in the air . the line around Mr. Weasley 's mouth tighten slightly , but other than this he give no sign that he have notice his third son . " I be go to take you straight back so you can tell the other the good news , " he say , beckon Harry forward as Percy 's heel disappear up the stair to the ninth level . I will drop you off on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green . come on . ... " " so what will you have to do about the toilet ? " Harry ask , grin . everything suddenly seem five time funny than usual . it be start to sink in : he be clear , he be go back to Hogwarts . " oh , it be a simple enough anti-jinx , " say Mr. Weasley as they mount the stair , " but it be not so much have to repair the damage , it be more the attitude behind the vandalism , Harry . Muggle-baiting might strike some wizard as funny , but it be an expression of something much deep and nasty , and I for one -- " Mr. Weasley break off in mid-sentence . they have just reach the ninth-level corridor , and Cornelius Fudge be stand a few foot away from them , talk quietly to a tall man with sleek blond hair and a pointed , pale face . the second man turn at the sound of their footstep . he too break off in mid-conversation , his cold gray eye narrow and fix upon Harry 's face . " well , well , well ... Patronus Potter , " say Lucius Malfoy coolly . Harry feel winded , as though he have just walk into something heavy . he have last see those cool gray eye through slit in a Death Eater 's hood , and last hear that man 's voice jeer in a dark graveyard while Lord Voldemort torture him . he could not believe that Lucius Malfoy dare look him in the face ; he could not believe that he be here , in the Ministry of Magic , or that Cornelius Fudge be talk to him , when Harry have tell Fudge mere week ago that Malfoy be a Death Eater . " the Minister be just tell me about your lucky escape , Potter , " drawl Mr. Malfoy . " quite astonishing , the way you continue to wriggle out of very tight hole . ... snakelike , in fact ... " Mr. Weasley grip Harry 's shoulder in warning . " yeah , " say Harry , " yeah , I be good at escape . ... " Lucius Malfoy raise his eye to Mr. Weasley 's face . " and Arthur Weasley too ! what be you do here , Arthur ? " " I work here , " say Mr. Weasley shortly . " not here , surely ? " say Mr. Malfoy , raise his eyebrow and glance toward the door over Mr. Weasley 's shoulder . " I think you be up on the second floor . ... do n't you do something that involve sneaking Muggle artifact home and bewitch them ? " " no , " say Mr. Weasley curtly , his finger now bite into Harry 's shoulder . " what be you do here anyway ? " Harry ask Lucius Malfoy . " I do n't think private matter between myself and the Minister be any concern of yours , Potter , " say Malfoy , smooth the front of his robe ; Harry distinctly hear the gentle clink of what sound like a full pocket of gold . " really , just because you be Dumbledore 's favorite boy , you must not expect the same indulgence from the rest of us . ... Shall we go up to your office , then , Minister ? " " certainly , " say Fudge , turn his back on Harry and Mr. Weasley . " this way , Lucius . " they stride off together , talk in low voice . Mr. Weasley do not let go of Harry 's shoulder until they have disappear into the lift . " why be n't he wait outside Fudge 's office if they have get business to do together ? " Harry burst out furiously . " what be he do down here ? " " try to sneak down to the courtroom , if you ask me , " say Mr. Weasley , look extremely agitate as he glance over his shoulder as though make sure they could not be overhear . " try to find out whether you have be expel or not . I will leave a note for Dumbledore when I drop you off , he ought to know Malfoy have be talk to Fudge again . " " what private business have they get together anyway ? " " gold , I expect , " say Mr. Weasley angrily . " Malfoy have be give generously to all sort of thing for year . ... get him in with the right people ... then he can ask favors ... delay law he do n't want pass ... oh , he be very well connect , Lucius Malfoy . ... " the lift arrive ; it be empty except for a flock of memo that flap around Mr. Weasley 's head as he press the button for the atrium and the door clang shut ; he wave them away irritably . " Mr. Weasley , " say Harry slowly , " if Fudge be meet Death Eaters like Malfoy , if he be see them alone , how do we know they have n't put the Imperius Curse on him ? " " do n't think it have n't occur to us , Harry , " mutter Mr. Weasley . " but Dumbledore think Fudge be act of his own accord at the moment -- which , as Dumbledore say , be not a lot of comfort . ... Best not talk about it anymore just now , Harry . ... " the door slide open and they step out into the now almost-deserted atrium . Eric the security man be hide behind his Daily Prophet again . they have walk straight past the golden fountain before Harry remember . " wait . ... " he tell Mr. Weasley , and pull his money bag from his pocket , he turn back to the fountain . he look up into the handsome wizard 's face , but up close , Harry think he look rather weak and foolish . the witch be wear a vapid smile like a beauty contestant , and from what Harry know of goblin and centaur , they be most unlikely to be catch stare this soppily at human of any description . only the house-elf 's attitude of creep servility look convincing . with a grin at the thought of what Hermione would say if she could see the statue of the elf , Harry turn his money bag upside down and empty not just ten Galleons , but the whole content into the pool at the statue ' foot . " I know it ! " yell Ron , punch the air . " you always get away with stuff ! " " they be bind to clear you , " say Hermione , who have look positively faint with anxiety when Harry have enter the kitchen and be now hold a shake hand over her eye . " there be no case against you , none at all . ... " " Everyone seem quite relieved , though , consider they all know I will get off , " say Harry , smile . Mrs. Weasley be wipe her face on her apron , and Fred , George , and Ginny be do a kind of war dance to a chant that go " he get off , he get off , he get off -- " " that be enough , settle down ! " shout Mr. Weasley , though he too be smile . " listen , Sirius , Lucius Malfoy be at the Ministry -- " " what ? " say Sirius sharply . " he get off , he get off , he get off -- " " be quiet , you three ! yes , we see him talk to Fudge on level nine , then they go up to Fudge 's office together . Dumbledore ought to know . " " absolutely , " say Sirius . " we will tell him , do n't worry . " " well , I will well get go , there be a vomit toilet in Bethnal Green wait for me . Molly , I will be late , I be cover for Tonks , but Kingsley might be drop in for dinner -- " " he get off , he get off , he get off -- " " that be enough -- Fred -- George -- Ginny ! " say Mrs. Weasley , as Mr. Weasley leave the kitchen . " Harry dear , come and sit down , have some lunch , you hardly eat breakfast . ... " Ron and Hermione sit themselves down opposite him look happy than they have do since he have first arrive at number twelve , Grimmauld Place , and Harry 's feeling of giddy relief , which have be somewhat dent by his encounter with Lucius Malfoy , swell again . the gloomy house seem warm and more welcome all of a sudden ; even Kreacher look less ugly as he poke his snoutlike nose into the kitchen to investigate the source of all the noise . " ' Course , once Dumbledore turn up on your side , there be no way they be go to convict you , " say Ron happily , now dish great mound of mash potato onto everyone 's plate . " yeah , he swing it for me , " say Harry . he feel that it would sound highly ungrateful , not to mention childish , to say , " I wish he have talk to me , though . or even look at me . " and as he think this , the scar on his forehead burn so badly that he clap his hand to it . " what be up ? " say Hermione , look alarm . " scar , " Harry mumble . " but it 's nothing . ... it happen all the time now . ... " none of the other have notice a thing ; all of them be now help themselves to food while gloat over Harry 's narrow escape ; Fred , George , and Ginny be still sing . Hermione look rather anxious , but before she could say anything , Ron say happily , " I bet Dumbledore turn up this evening to celebrate with us , you know . " " I do n't think he will be able to , Ron , " say Mrs. Weasley , set a huge plate of roast chicken down in front of Harry . " he be really very busy at the moment . " " he Got Off , He Got Off , He Got off -- " " SHUT UP ! " roar Mrs. Weasley . over the next few day Harry could not help notice that there be one person within number twelve , Grimmauld Place , who do not seem wholly overjoy that he would be return to Hogwarts . Sirius have put up a very good show of happiness on first hearing the news , wring Harry 's hand and beam just like the rest of them ; soon , however , he be moody and surly than before , talk less to everybody , even Harry , and spend increase amount of time shut up in his mother 's room with Buckbeak . " do n't you go feel guilty ! " say Hermione sternly , after Harry have confide some of his feeling to her and Ron while they scrub out a moldy cupboard on the third floor a few day later . " you belong at Hogwarts and Sirius know it . personally , I think he be be selfish . " " that be a bit harsh , Hermione , " say Ron , frown as he attempt to prize off a bit of mold that have attach itself firmly to his finger , " you would n't want to be stick inside this house without company . " " he will have company ! " say Hermione . " it be headquarters to the order of the Phoenix , be n't it ? he just get his hope up that Harry would be come to live here with him . " " I do n't think that be true , " say Harry , wring out his cloth . " he would n't give me a straight answer when I ask him if I could . " " he just do n't want to get his own hope up even more , " say Hermione wisely . " and he probably feel a bit guilty himself , because I think a part of him be really hope you will be expel . then you will both be outcast together . " " come off it ! " say Harry and Ron together , but Hermione merely shrug . " suit yourselves . but I sometimes think Ron 's mum be right , and Sirius get confuse about whether you be you or your father , Harry . " " so you think he be touch in the head ? " say Harry heatedly . " no , I just think he have be very lonely for a long time , " say Hermione simply . at this point Mrs. Weasley enter the bedroom behind them . " still not finish ? " she say , poke her head into the cupboard . " I think you might be here to tell us to have a break ! " say Ron bitterly . " D'you know how much mold we have get rid of since we arrive here ? " " you be so keen to help the order , " say Mrs. Weasley , " you can do your bit by make headquarters fit to live in . " " I feel like a house-elf , " grumble Ron . " well , now that you understand what dreadful life they lead , perhaps you will be a bit more active in S.P.E.W. ! " say Hermione hopefully , as Mrs. Weasley leave them to it again . " you know , maybe it would n't be a bad idea to show people exactly how horrible it be to clean all the time -- we could do a sponsor scrub of Gryffindor common room , all proceed to S.P.E.W. , it would raise awareness as well as fund -- " " I will sponsor you to shut up about spew , " Ron mutter irritably , but only so Harry could hear him . Harry find himself daydream about Hogwarts more and more as the end of the holiday approach ; he could not wait to see Hagrid again , to play Quidditch , even to stroll across the vegetable patch to the Herbology greenhouse . it would be a treat just to leave this dusty , musty house , where half of the cupboard be still bolt shut and Kreacher wheeze insult out of the shadow as you pass , though Harry be careful not to say any of this within earshot of Sirius . the fact be that live at the headquarters of the anti-Voldemort movement be not nearly as interesting or exciting as Harry would have expect before he have experience it . though member of the order of the Phoenix come and go regularly , sometimes stay for meal , sometimes only for a few minute ' whisper conversation , Mrs. Weasley make sure that Harry and the other be keep well out of earshot ( whether extendable or normal ) and nobody , not even Sirius , seem to feel that Harry need to know anything more than he have hear on the night of his arrival . on the very last day of the holiday Harry be sweep up Hedwig 's owl droppings from the top of the wardrobe when Ron enter their bedroom carry a couple of envelope . " Booklists have arrive , " he say , throw one of the envelope up to Harry , who be stand on a chair . " about time , I think they have forget , they usually come much earlier than this . ... " Harry sweep the last of the droppings into a rubbish bag and throw the bag over Ron 's head into the wastepaper basket in the corner , which swallow it and belch loudly . he then open his letter : it contain two piece of parchment , one the usual reminder that term start on the first of September , the other tell him which book he would need for the come year . " only two new one , " he say , read the list . " the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ , by Miranda Goshawk and Defensive Magical Theory , by Wilbert Slinkhard . " crack . Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry . he be so use to them do this by now that he do n't even fall off his chair . " we be just wonder who assign the Slinkhard book , " say Fred conversationally . " because it mean Dumbledore 's find a new defense against the Dark Arts teacher , " say George . " and about time too , " say Fred . " what d'you mean ? " Harry ask , jump down beside them . " well , we overhear Mum and Dad talk on the extendable Ears a few week back , " Fred tell Harry , " and from what they be say , Dumbledore be have real trouble find anyone to do the job this year . " " not surprising , be it , when you look at what be happen to the last four ? " say George . " one sack , one dead , one be memory remove , and one lock in a trunk for nine month , " say Harry , count them off on his finger . " yeah , I see what you mean . " " what be up with you , Ron ? " ask Fred . Ron do not answer . Harry look around . Ron be stand very still with his mouth slightly open , gape at his letter from Hogwarts . " what be the matter ? " say Fred impatiently , move around Ron to look over his shoulder at the parchment . Fred 's mouth fall open too . " prefect ? " he say , stare incredulously at the letter . " prefect ? " George leap forward , seize the envelope in Ron 's other hand , and turn it upside down . Harry see something scarlet and gold fall into George 's palm . " no way , " say George in a hush voice . " there have be a mistake , " say Fred , snatch the letter out of Ron 's grasp and hold it up to the light as though check for a watermark . " no one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect . ... " the twin ' head turn in unison and both of them stare at Harry . " we think you be a cert ! " say Fred in a tone that suggest Harry have trick them in some way . " we think Dumbledore be bind to pick you ! " say George indignantly . " win the Triwizard and everything ! " say Fred . " I suppose all the mad stuff must have count against him , " say George to Fred . " yeah , " say Fred slowly . " yeah , you have cause too much trouble , mate . well , at least one of you have get their priority right . " he stride over to Harry and clap him on the back while give Ron a scathing look . " prefect ... ickle Ronnie the prefect ... " " oh , Mum be go to be revolting , " groan George , thrust the prefect badge back at Ron as though it might contaminate him . Ron , who still have not say a word , take the badge , stare at it for a moment , and then hold it out to Harry as though ask mutely for confirmation that it be genuine . Harry take it . a large P be superimpose on the Gryffindor lion . he have see a badge just like this on Percy 's chest on his very first day at Hogwarts . the door bang open . Hermione come tear into the room , her cheek flush and her hair fly . there be an envelope in her hand . " do you -- do you get -- ? " she spot the badge in Harry 's hand and let out a shriek . " I know it ! " she say excitedly , brandish her letter . " me too , Harry , me too ! " " no , " say Harry quickly , push the badge back into Ron 's hand . " it be Ron , not me . " " it -- what ? " " Ron 's prefect , not me , " Harry say . " Ron ? " say Hermione , her jaw drop . " but ... be you sure ? I mean -- " she turn red as Ron look around at her with a defiant expression on his face . " it be my name on the letter , " he say . " I ... " say Hermione , look thoroughly bewilder . " I ... well ... wow ! well do , Ron ! that be really -- " " unexpected , " say George , nod . " no , " say Hermione , blush hard than ever , " no , it be not ... Ron 's do load of ... he be really ... " the door behind her open a little wide and Mrs. Weasley back into the room carry a pile of freshly launder robe . " Ginny say the booklists have come at last , " she say , glance around at all the envelope as she make her way over to the bed and start sort the robe into two pile . " if you give them to me I will take them over to Diagon Alley this afternoon and get your book while you be pack . Ron , I will have to get you more pajamas , these be at least six inch too short , I ca n't believe how fast you be grow ... what color would you like ? " " get him red and gold to match his badge , " say George , smirk . " match his what ? " say Mrs. Weasley absently , roll up a pair of maroon sock and place them on Ron 's pile . " his badge , " say Fred , with the air of get the bad over quickly . " his lovely shiny new prefect 's badge . " Fred 's word take a moment to penetrate Mrs. Weasley 's preoccupation about pajamas . " his ... but ... Ron , you be not ... ? " Ron hold up his badge . Mrs. Weasley let out a shriek just like Hermione 's . " I do n't believe it ! I do n't believe it ! oh , Ron , how wonderful ! a prefect ! that be everyone in the family ! " " what be Fred and I , next-door neighbor ? " say George indignantly , as his mother push him aside and fling her arm around her young son . " wait until your father hear ! Ron , I be so proud of you , what wonderful news , you could end up Head Boy just like Bill and Percy , it be the first step ! oh , what a thing to happen in the middle of all this worry , I be just thrill , oh Ronnie -- " Fred and George be both make loud retch noise behind her back but Mrs. Weasley do not notice ; arm tight around Ron 's neck , she be kiss him all over his face , which have turn a bright scarlet than his badge . " Mum ... do n't ... Mum , get a grip . ... " he mutter , try to push her away . she let go of him and say breathlessly , " well , what will it be ? we give Percy an owl , but you have already get one , of course . " " W-what do you mean ? " say Ron , look as though he do not dare believe his ear . " you have get to have a reward for this ! " say Mrs. Weasley fondly . " how about a nice new set of dress robe ? " " we have already buy him some , " say Fred sourly , who look as though he sincerely regret this generosity . " or a new cauldron , Charlie 's old one be rust through , or a new rat , you always like Scabbers -- " " Mum , " say Ron hopefully , " can I have a new broom ? " Mrs. Weasley 's face fall slightly ; broomstick be expensive . " not a really good one ! " Ron hasten to add . " just -- just a new one for a change ... " Mrs. Weasley hesitate , then smile . " of course you can . ... well , I will well get go if I have get a broom to buy too . I will see you all later . ... Little Ronnie , a prefect ! and do n't forget to pack your trunk . ... a prefect ... oh , I be all of a dither ! " she give Ron yet another kiss on the cheek , sniff loudly , and bustle from the room . Fred and George exchange look . " you do n't mind if we do n't kiss you , do you , Ron ? " say Fred in a falsely anxious voice . " we could curtsy , if you like , " say George . " oh , shut up , " say Ron , scowl at them . " or what ? " say Fred , an evil grin spread across his face . " go to put us in detention ? " " I will love to see him try , " snigger George . " he could if you do n't watch out ! " say Hermione angrily , at which Fred and George burst out laugh and Ron mutter , " Drop it , Hermione . " " we be go to have to watch our step , George , " say Fred , pretend to tremble , " with these two on our case . ... " " Yeah , it look like our law-breaking day be finally over , " say George , shake his head . and with another loud crack , the twin Disapparated . " those two ! " say Hermione furiously , stare up at the ceiling , through which they could now hear Fred and George roar with laughter in the room upstairs . " do n't pay any attention to them , Ron , they be only jealous ! " " I do n't think they be , " say Ron doubtfully , also look up at the ceiling . " they have always say only prat become prefect . ... still , " he add on a happy note , " they have never have new broom ! I wish I could go with Mum and choose . ... she will never be able to afford a Nimbus , but there be the new Cleansweep out , that will be great . ... Yeah , I think I will go and tell her I like the Cleansweep , just so she know . ... " he dash from the room , leave Harry and Hermione alone . for some reason , Harry find that he do not want to look at Hermione . he turn to his bed , pick up the pile of clean robe Mrs. Weasley have lay upon it , and cross the room to his trunk . " Harry ? " say Hermione tentatively . " well do , " say Harry , so heartily it do not sound like his voice at all , and still not look at her . " brilliant . prefect . great . " " thanks , " say Hermione . " erm -- Harry -- could I borrow Hedwig so I can tell Mum and Dad ? they will be really pleased -- I mean , prefect be something they can understand -- " " Yeah , no problem , " say Harry , still in the horrible hearty voice that do not belong to him . " take her ! " he lean over his trunk , lay the robe on the bottom of it , and pretend to be rummage for something while Hermione cross to the wardrobe and call Hedwig down . a few moment pass ; Harry hear the door close but remain bent double , listen ; the only sound he could hear be the blank picture on the wall snigger again and the wastepaper basket in the corner cough up the owl droppings . he straighten up and look behind him . Hermione and Hedwig have go . Harry return slowly to his bed and sink onto it , gaze unseeingly at the foot of the wardrobe . he have forget completely about prefect be choose in the fifth year . he have be too anxious about the possibility of be expel to spare a thought for the fact that badge must be wing their way toward certain people . but if he have remember ... if he have think about it ... what would he have expect ? not this , say a small and truthful voice inside his head . Harry screw up his face and bury it in his hand . he could not lie to himself ; if he have know the prefect badge be on its way , he would have expect it to come to him , not Ron . do this make him as arrogant as Draco Malfoy ? do he think himself superior to everyone else ? do he really believe he be well than Ron ? no , say the small voice defiantly . be that true ? Harry wonder , anxiously probe his own feeling . I be good at Quidditch , say the voice . but I be not well at anything else . that be definitely true , Harry think ; he be no good than Ron in lesson . but what about outside lesson ? what about those adventure he , Ron , and Hermione have have together since they have start at Hogwarts , often risk much bad than expulsion ? well , Ron and Hermione be with me most of the time , say the voice in Harry 's head . not all the time , though , Harry argue with himself . they do n't fight Quirrell with me . they do n't take on Riddle and the basilisk . they do n't get rid of all those dementors the night Sirius escape . they be n't in that graveyard with me , the night Voldemort return . ... and the same feeling of ill usage that have overwhelm him on the night he have arrive rise again . I have definitely do more , Harry think indignantly . I have do more than either of them ! but maybe , say the small voice fairly , maybe Dumbledore do n't choose prefect because they have get themselves into a load of dangerous situation . ... maybe he choose them for other reason . ... Ron must have something you do n't . ... Harry open his eye and stare through his finger at the wardrobe 's claw foot , remember what Fred have say . " no one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect . ... " Harry give a small snort of laughter . a second later he feel sicken with himself . Ron have not ask Dumbledore to give him the prefect badge . this be not Ron 's fault . be he , Harry , Ron 's good friend in the world , go to sulk because he do n't have a badge , laugh with the twin behind Ron 's back , ruin this for Ron when , for the first time , he have beat Harry at something ? at this point Harry hear Ron 's footstep on the stair again . he stand up , straighten his glass , and hitch a grin onto his face as Ron bound back through the door . " just catch her ! " he say happily . " she say she will get the Cleansweep if she can . " " cool , " Harry say , and he be relieve to hear that his voice have stop sound hearty . " listen -- Ron -- well do , mate . " the smile fade off Ron 's face . " I never think it would be me ! " he say , shake his head , " I think it would be you ! " " Nah , I have cause too much trouble , " Harry say , echo Fred . " yeah , " say Ron , " yeah , I suppose . ... well , we will well get our trunk pack , have n't we ? " it be odd how widely their possession seem to have scatter themselves since they have arrive . it take them most of the afternoon to retrieve their book and belonging from all over the house and stow them back inside their school trunk . Harry notice that Ron keep move his prefect 's badge around , first place it on his bedside table , then put it into his jean pocket , then take it out and lay it on his fold robe , as though to see the effect of the red on the black . only when Fred and George drop in and offer to attach it to his forehead with a Permanent Sticking Charm do he wrap it tenderly in his maroon sock and lock it in his trunk . Mrs. Weasley return from Diagon Alley around six o'clock , lade with book and carry a long package wrap in thick brown paper that Ron take from her with a moan of longing . " never mind unwrap it now , people be arrive for dinner , I want you all downstairs , " she say , but the moment she be out of sight Ron rip off the paper in a frenzy and examine every inch of his new broom , an ecstatic expression on his face . down in the basement Mrs. Weasley have hang a scarlet banner over the heavily laden dinner table , which read CONGRATULATIONS Ron and Hermione -- new prefect . she look in a good mood than Harry have see her all holiday . " I think we will have a little party , not a sit-down dinner , " she tell Harry , Ron , Hermione , Fred , George , and Ginny as they enter the room . " your father and Bill be on their way , Ron , I have send them both owl and they be thrill , " she add , beam . Fred roll his eye . Sirius , Lupin , Tonks , and Kingsley Shacklebolt be already there and Mad-Eye Moody stump in shortly after Harry have get himself a butterbeer . " oh , Alastor , I be glad you be here , " say Mrs. Weasley brightly , as Mad-Eye shrug off his travel cloak . " we have be want to ask you for age -- could you have a look in the write desk in the draw room and tell us what be inside it ? we have n't want to open it just in case it be something really nasty . " " no problem , Molly ... " Moody 's electric-blue eye swivel upward and stare fixedly through the ceiling of the kitchen . " draw room ... " he growl , as the pupil contract . " desk in the corner ? yeah , I see it . ... Yeah , it be a boggart . ... Want me to go up and get rid of it , Molly ? " " no , no , I will do it myself later , " beam Mrs. Weasley . " you have your drink . we be have a little bit of a celebration , actually . ... " she gesture at the scarlet banner . " fourth prefect in the family ! " she say fondly , ruffle Ron 's hair . " prefect , eh ? " growl Moody , his normal eye on Ron and his magical eye swivel around to gaze into the side of his head . Harry have the very uncomfortable feeling it be look at him and move away toward Sirius and Lupin . " well , congratulation , " say Moody , still glaring at Ron with his normal eye , " authority figure always attract trouble , but I suppose Dumbledore think you can withstand most major jinx or he would n't have appoint you . ... " Ron look rather startle at this view of the matter but be save the trouble of respond by the arrival of his father and eldest brother . Mrs. Weasley be in such a good mood she do not even complain that they have bring Mundungus with them too ; he be wear a long overcoat that seem oddly lumpy in unlikely place and decline the offer to remove it and put it with Moody 's travel cloak . " well , I think a toast be in order , " say Mr. Weasley , when everyone have a drink . he raise his goblet . " to Ron and Hermione , the new Gryffindor prefect ! " Ron and Hermione beam as everyone drink to them and then applaud . " I be never a prefect myself , " say Tonks brightly from behind Harry as everybody move toward the table to help themselves to food . her hair be tomato-red and waist length today ; she look like Ginny 's old sister . " My Head of House say I lack certain necessary quality . " " like what ? " say Ginny , who be choose a bake potato . " like the ability to behave myself , " say Tonks . Ginny laugh ; Hermione look as though she do not know whether to smile or not and compromise by take an extra large gulp of butterbeer and choke on it . " what about you , Sirius ? " Ginny ask , thump Hermione on the back . Sirius , who be right beside Harry , let out his usual barklike laugh . " no one would have make me a prefect , I spend too much time in detention with James . lupin be the good boy , he get the badge . " " I think Dumbledore might have hope that I would be able to exercise some control over my good friend , " say Lupin . " I need scarcely say that I fail dismally . " Harry 's mood suddenly lift . his father have not be a prefect either . all at once the party seem much more enjoyable ; he load up his plate , feel unusually fond of everyone in the room . Ron be rhapsodize about his new broom to anybody who would listen . " ... naught to seventy in ten second , not bad , be it ? when you think the Comet Two Ninety 's only naught to sixty and that be with a decent tailwind accord to which Broomstick ? " Hermione be talk very earnestly to Lupin about her view of elf right . " I mean , it be the same kind of nonsense as werewolf segregation , be n't it ? it all stem from this horrible thing wizard have of think they be superior to other creature . ... " Mrs. Weasley and Bill be have their usual argument about Bill 's hair . " ... get really out of hand , and you be so good-looking , it would look much well short , would n't it , Harry ? " " oh -- I dunno -- " say Harry , slightly alarm at be ask his opinion ; he slide away from them in the direction of Fred and George , who be huddle in a corner with Mundungus . Mundungus stop talk when he see Harry , but Fred wink and beckon Harry closer . " it be okay , " he tell Mundungus , " we can trust Harry , he be our financial backer . " " look what Dung have get us , " say George , hold out his hand to Harry . it be full of what look like shrivel black pod . a faint rattle noise be come from them , even though they be completely stationary . " venomous Tentacula seed , " say George . " we need them for the Skiving Snackboxes but they be a Class C Non-Tradeable substance so we have be have a bit of trouble get hold of them . " " Ten Galleons the lot , then , Dung ? " say Fred . " Wiv all the trouble I go to to get ' em ? " say Mundungus , his saggy , bloodshot eye stretch even wide . " I be sorry , lad , but I be not take a Knut under twenty . " " dung like his little joke , " Fred say to Harry . " yeah , his good one so far have be six Sickles for a bag of knarl quill , " say George . " be careful , " Harry warn them quietly . " what ? " say Fred . " Mum 's busy coo over Prefect Ron , we be okay . " " but Moody could have his eye on you , " Harry point out . Mundungus look nervously over his shoulder . " good point , that , " he grunt . " all right , lad , ten it be , if you will take ' em quick . " " Cheers , Harry ! " say Fred delightedly , when Mundungus have empty his pocket into the twin ' outstretch hand and scuttle off toward the food . " we will well get these upstairs . ... " Harry watch them go , feel slightly uneasy . it have just occur to him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley would want to know how Fred and George be finance their joke shop business when , as be inevitable , they finally find out about it . give the twin his Tri-wizard winning have seem a simple thing to do at the time , but what if it lead to another family row and a Percy-like estrangement ? would Mrs. Weasley still feel that Harry be as good as her son if she find out he have make it possible for Fred and George to start a career she think quite unsuitable ? stand where the twin have leave him with nothing but a guilty weight in the pit of his stomach for company , Harry catch the sound of his own name . Kingsley Shacklebolt 's deep voice be audible even over the surrounding chatter . " ... why Dumbledore do n't make Potter a prefect ? " say Kingsley . " he will have have his reason , " reply Lupin . " but it would have show confidence in him . it be what I will have do , " persist Kingsley , " ' specially with the Daily Prophet have a go at him every few day . ... " Harry do not look around ; he do not want Lupin or Kingsley to know he have hear . he follow Mundungus back toward the table , though not remotely hungry . his pleasure in the party have evaporate as quickly as it have come ; he wish he be upstairs in bed . Mad-Eye Moody be sniff at a chicken leg with what remain of his nose ; evidently he could not detect any trace of poison , because he then tear a strip off it with his tooth . " ... the handle be make of Spanish oak with anti-jinx varnish and in-built vibration control -- " Ron be say to Tonks . Mrs. Weasley yawn widely . " well , I think I will sort out that boggart before I turn in . ... Arthur , I do n't want this lot up too late , all right ? ' Night , Harry , dear . " she leave the kitchen . Harry set down his plate and wonder whether he could follow her without attract attention . " you all right , Potter ? " grunt Moody . " yeah , fine , " lie Harry . Moody take a swig from his hip flask , his electric blue eye stare sideways at Harry . " come here , I have get something that might interest you , " he say . from an inner pocket of his robe Moody pull a very tatter old Wizarding photograph . " original order of the Phoenix , " growl Moody . " find it last night when I be look for my spare Invisibility Cloak , see as Podmore have n't have the manner to return my good one . ... thought people might like to see it . " Harry take the photograph . a small crowd of people , some wave at him , other lift their glass , look back up at him . " there be me , " say Moody unnecessarily , point at himself . the Moody in the picture be unmistakable , though his hair be slightly less gray and his nose be intact . " and there be Dumbledore beside me , Dedalus Diggle on the other side ... that be Marlene McKinnon , she be kill two week after this be take , they get her whole family . that be Frank and Alice Longbottom -- " Harry 's stomach , already uncomfortable , clench as he look at Alice Longbottom ; he know her round , friendly face very well , even though he have never meet her , because she be the image of her son , Neville . " poor devil , " growl Moody . " well dead than what happen to them ... and that be Emmeline Vance , you have meet her , and that there be lupin , obviously ... Benjy Fenwick , he cop it too , we only ever find bit of him ... shift aside there , " he add , poke the picture , and the little photographic people edge sideways , so that those who be partially obscure could move to the front . " that be Edgar Bones ... brother of Amelia Bones , they get him and his family too , he be a great wizard ... Sturgis Podmore , blimey , he look young ... Caradoc Dearborn , vanish six month after this , we never find his body ... Hagrid , of course , look exactly the same as ever ... Elphias Doge , you have meet him , I have forget he use to wear that stupid hat ... Gideon Prewett , it take five death eater to kill him and his brother Fabian , they fight like hero ... budge along , budge along ... " the little people in the photograph jostle among themselves , and those hidden right at the back appear at the forefront of the picture . " that be Dumbledore 's brother , Aberforth , only time I ever meet him , strange bloke ... that be Dorcas Meadowes , Voldemort kill her personally ... Sirius , when he still have short hair ... and ... there you go , thought that would interest you ! " Harry 's heart turn over . his mother and father be beam up at him , sit on either side of a small , watery-eyed man Harry recognize at once as Wormtail : he be the one who have betray their whereabouts to Voldemort and so help bring about their death . " Eh ? " say Moody . Harry look up into Moody 's heavily scar and pit face . evidently Moody be under the impression he have just give Harry a bit of a treat . " yeah , " say Harry , attempt to grin again . " er ... listen , I have just remember , I have n't pack my ... " he be spare the trouble of invent an object he have not pack ; Sirius have just say , " what be that you have get there , Mad-Eye ? " and Moody have turn toward him . Harry cross the kitchen , slip through the door and up the stair before anyone could call him back . he do not know why he have receive such a shock ; he have see his parent ' picture before , after all , and he have meet Wormtail ... but to have them spring on him like that , when he be least expect it ... no one would like that , he think angrily . ... and then , to see them surround by all those other happy face ... Benjy Fenwick , who have be find in bit , and Gideon Prewett , who have die like a hero , and the Longbottoms , who have be torture into madness ... all wave happily out of the photograph forevermore , not know that they be doom . ... Well , Moody might find that interesting ... he , Harry , find it disturbing . ... Harry tiptoe up the stair in the hall past the stuffed elf head , glad to be on his own again , but as he approach the first landing he hear noise . someone be sob in the drawing room . " hello ? " Harry say . there be no answer but the sob continued . he climb the remain stair two at a time , walk across the landing , and open the drawing-room door . someone be cower against the dark wall , her wand in her hand , her whole body shake with sob . sprawl on the dusty old carpet in a patch of moonlight , clearly dead , be Ron . all the air seem to vanish from Harry 's lung ; he feel as though he be fall through the floor ; his brain turn icy cold -- Ron dead , no , it could n't be - but wait a moment , it could n't be -- Ron be downstairs - " Mrs. Weasley ? " Harry croak . " R-r-riddikulus ! ' ' Mrs. Weasley sob , point her shake wand at Ron 's body . crack . Ron 's body turn into Bill 's , spread-eagle on his back , his eye wide open and empty . Mrs. Weasley sob harder than ever . " R-riddikulus ! " she sob again . crack . Mr. Weasley 's body replace Bill 's , his glass askew , a trickle of blood run down his face . " no ! " Mrs. Weasley moan . " no ... riddikulus ! Riddikulus ! RIDDIKULUS ! " crack . dead twin . crack . Dead Percy . crack . Dead Harry ... " Mrs. Weasley , just get out of here ! " shout Harry , stare down at his own dead body on the floor . " let someone else -- " " what be go on ? " lupin have come run into the room , closely follow by Sirius , with Moody stump along behind them . lupin look from Mrs. Weasley to the dead Harry on the floor and seem to understand in an instant . pull out his own wand he say , very firmly and clearly , " Riddikulus ! " Harry 's body vanish . a silvery orb hang in the air over the spot where it have lie . lupin wave his wand once more and the orb vanish in a puff of smoke . " oh -- oh -- oh ! " gulp Mrs. Weasley , and she break into a storm of cry , her face in her hand . " Molly , " say Lupin bleakly , walk over to her , " Molly , do n't ... " next second she be sob her heart out on Lupin 's shoulder . " Molly , it be just a boggart , " he say soothingly , pat her on the head . " just a stupid boggart ... " " I see them d-d-dead all the time ! " Mrs. Weasley moan into his shoulder . " all the t-t-time ! I d-d-dream about it ... " Sirius be stare at the patch of carpet where the boggart , pretend to be Harry 's body , have lie . Moody be look at Harry , who avoid his gaze . he have a funny feeling Moody 's magical eye have follow him all the way out of the kitchen . " D-d-do n't tell Arthur , " Mrs. Weasley be gulp now , mop her eye frantically with her cuff . " I d-d-do n't want him to know . ... be silly ... " Lupin hand her a handkerchief and she blow her nose . " Harry , I be so sorry , what must you think of me ? " she say shakily . " not even able to get rid of a boggart ... " " do n't be stupid , " say Harry , try to smile . " I be just s-s-so worry , " she say , tear spill out of her eye again . " half the f-f-family be in the order , it will b-b-be a miracle if we all come through this . ... and P-P-Percy be not talk to us . ... what if something d-d-dreadful happen and we have never m-m-made up ? and what be go to happen if Arthur and I get kill , who be g-g-going to look after Ron and Ginny ? " " Molly , that be enough , " say Lupin firmly . " this be n't like last time . the order be well prepare , we have get a head start , we know what Voldemort be up to -- " Mrs. Weasley give a little squeak of fright at the sound of the name . " oh , Molly , come on , it be about time you get use to hear it -- look , I ca n't promise no one be go to get hurt , nobody can promise that , but we be much well off than we be last time , you be n't in the order then , you do n't understand , last time we be outnumber twenty to one by the Death Eaters and they be pick us off one by one . ... " Harry think of the photograph again , of his parent ' beaming face . he know Moody be still watch him . " do n't worry about Percy , " say Sirius abruptly . " he will come round . it be a matter of time before Voldemort move into the open ; once he do , the whole Ministry be go to be beg us to forgive them . and I be not sure I will be accept their apology , " he add bitterly . " and as for who be go to look after Ron and Ginny if you and Arthur die , " say Lupin , smile slightly , " what do you think we will do , let them starve ? " Mrs. Weasley smile tremulously . " be silly , " she mutter again , mop her eye . but Harry , close his bedroom door behind him some ten minute later , could not think Mrs. Weasley silly . he could still see his parent beam up at him from the tatter old photograph , unaware that their life , like so many of those around them , be draw to a close . the image of the boggart pose as the corpse of each member of Mrs. Weasley 's family in turn keep flash before his eye . without warning , the scar on his forehead sear with pain again and his stomach churn horribly . " cut it out , " he say firmly , rub the scar as the pain recede again . " first sign of madness , talk to your own head , " say a sly voice from the empty picture on the wall . Harry ignore it . he feel old than he have ever feel in his life , and it seem extraordinary to him that barely an hour ago he have be worry about a joke shop and who have get a prefect 's badge . Luna Lovegood Harry have a troubled night 's sleep . his parent weave in and out of his dream , never speak ; Mrs. Weasley sob over Kreacher 's dead body watch by Ron and Hermione , who be wear crown , and yet again Harry find himself walk down a corridor end in a locked door . he awake abruptly with his scar prickle to find Ron already dress and talk to him . " ... good hurry up , Mum 's go ballistic , she say we be go to miss the train . ... " there be a lot of commotion in the house . from what he hear as he dress at top speed , Harry gather that Fred and George have bewitch their trunk to fly downstairs to save the bother of carry them , with the result that they have hurtle straight into Ginny and knock her down two flight of stair into the hall ; Mrs. Black and Mrs. Weasley be both scream at the top of their voice . " - COULD Have Done Her A Serious Injury , you IDIOTS -- " " - FILTHY HALF-BREEDS , BESMIRCHING THE HOUSE of My FATHERS -- " Hermione come hurry into the room look fluster just as Harry be put on his trainer ; Hedwig be sway on her shoulder , and she be carry a squirm Crookshanks in her arm . " Mum and Dad just send Hedwig back " -- the owl flutter obligingly over and perch on top of her cage -- " be you ready yet ? " " nearly -- Ginny all right ? " Harry ask , shove on his glass . " Mrs. Weasley have patch her up , " say Hermione . " but now Mad-Eye be complain that we ca n't leave unless Sturgis Podmore 's here , otherwise the guard will be one short . " " Guard ? " say Harry . " we have to go to King 's Cross with a guard ? " " you have to go to King 's Cross with a guard , " Hermione correct him . " why ? " say Harry irritably . " I think Voldemort be suppose to be lie low , or be you tell me he be go to jump out from behind a dustbin to try and do me in ? " " I do n't know , it be just what Mad-Eye say , " say Hermione distractedly , look at her watch . " but if we do n't leave soon we be definitely go to miss the train . ... " " Will you LOT GET Down here now , PLEASE ! " Mrs. Weasley bellow and Hermione jump as though scald and hurry out of the room . Harry seize Hedwig , stuff her unceremoniously into her cage , and set off downstairs after Hermione , drag his trunk . Mrs. Black 's portrait be howl with rage but nobody be bother to close the curtain over her ; all the noise in the hall be bind to rouse her again anyway . " Harry , you be to come with me and Tonks , " shout Mrs. Weasley over the repeated screech of " MUDBLOODS ! scum ! creature of dirt ! " " leave your trunk and your owl , Alastor be go to deal with the luggage . ... oh , for heaven 's sake , Sirius , Dumbledore say no ! " a bearlike black dog have appear at Harry 's side as Harry clamber over the various trunk clutter the hall to get to Mrs. Weasley . " oh honestly ... " say Mrs. Weasley despairingly , " well , on your own head be it ! " she wrench open the front door and step out into the weak September sunlight . Harry and the dog follow her . the door slam behind them and Mrs. Black 's screech be cut off instantly . " where be Tonks ? " Harry say , look around as they go down the stone step of number twelve , which vanish the moment they reach the pavement . " she be wait for us just up here , " say Mrs. Weasley stiffly , avert her eye from the lollop black dog beside Harry . an old woman greet them on the corner . she have tightly curl gray hair and wear a purple hat shape like a porkpie . " Wotcher , Harry , " she say , wink . " good hurry up , have n't we , Molly ? " she add , check her watch . " I know , I know , " moan Mrs. Weasley , lengthen her stride , " but Mad-Eye want to wait for Sturgis . ... if only Arthur could have get us car from the Ministry again ... but Fudge would n't let him borrow so much as an empty ink bottle these day . ... how Muggles can stand travel without magic ... " but the great black dog give a joyful bark and gambol around them , snap at pigeon , and chase its own tail . Harry could n't help laugh . Sirius have be trap inside for a very long time . Mrs. Weasley purse her lip in an almost Aunt Petunia-ish way . it take them twenty minute to reach King 's Cross by foot and nothing more eventful happen during that time than Sirius scare a couple of cat for Harry 's entertainment . once inside the station they linger casually beside the barrier between platform nine and ten until the coast be clear , then each of them lean against it in turn and fall easily through onto platform nine and three quarter , where the Hogwarts Express stand belch sooty steam over a platform pack with depart student and their family . Harry inhale the familiar smell and feel his spirit soar . ... he be really go back . ... " I hope the other make it in time , " say Mrs. Weasley anxiously , stare behind her at the wrought-iron arch span the platform , through which new arrival would come . " nice dog , Harry ! " call a tall boy with dreadlock . " thanks , Lee , " say Harry , grin , as Sirius wag his tail frantically . " oh good , " say Mrs. Weasley , sound relieved , " here be Alastor with the luggage , look ... " a porter 's cap pull low over his mismatch eye , Moody come limp through the archway push a cart full of their trunk . " all okay , " he mutter to Mrs. Weasley and Tonks . " do n't think we be follow . ... " second later , Mr. Weasley emerge onto the platform with Ron and Hermione . they have almost unload Moody 's luggage cart when Fred , George , and Ginny turn up with Lupin . " no trouble ? " growl Moody . " nothing , " say Lupin . " I will still be report Sturgis to Dumbledore , " say Moody . " that be the second time he be not turn up in a week . get as unreliable as Mundungus . " " well , look after yourselves , " say Lupin , shake hand all round . he reach Harry last and give him a clap on the shoulder . " you too , Harry . be careful . " " yeah , keep your head down and your eye peel , " say Moody , shake Harry 's hand too . " and do n't forget , all of you -- careful what you put in writing . if in doubt , do n't put it in a letter at all . " " it have be great meeting all of you , " say Tonks , hug Hermione and Ginny . " we will see you soon , I expect . " a warning whistle sound ; the student still on the platform start hurry onto the train . " quick , quick , " say Mrs. Weasley distractedly , hug them at random and catch Harry twice . " write . ... be good . ... if you have forget anything we will send it on . ... Onto the train , now , hurry . ... " for one brief moment , the great black dog rear onto its hind leg and place its front paw on Harry 's shoulder , but Mrs. Weasley shove Harry away toward the train door hiss , " for heaven 's sake act more like a dog , Sirius ! " " see you ! " Harry call out of the open window as the train begin to move , while Ron , Hermione , and Ginny wave beside him . the figure of Tonks , Lupin , Moody , and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley shrink rapidly but the black dog be bound alongside the window , wag its tail ; blur people on the platform be laugh to see it chase the train , and then they turn the corner , and Sirius be go . " he should n't have come with us , " say Hermione in a worried voice . " oh lighten up , " say Ron , " he have n't see daylight for month , poor bloke . " " well , " say Fred , clap his hand together , " ca n't stand around chat all day , we have get business to discuss with Lee . see you later , " and he and George disappear down the corridor to the right . the train be gather still more speed , so that the house outside the window flash past and they sway where they stand . " shall we go and find a compartment , then ? " Harry ask Ron and Hermione . Ron and Hermione exchange look . " er , " say Ron . " we be -- well -- Ron and I be suppose to go into the prefect carriage , " Hermione say awkwardly . Ron be n't look at Harry ; he seem to have become intensely interested in the fingernail on his left hand . " oh , " say Harry . " right . fine . " " I do n't think we will have to stay there all journey , " say Hermione quickly . " our letter say we just get instruction from the Head Boy and Girl and then patrol the corridor from time to time . " " fine , " say Harry again . " well , I-I might see you later , then . " " yeah , definitely , " say Ron , cast a shifty , anxious look at Harry . " it be a pain have to go down there , I will rather -- but we have to -- I mean , I be not enjoy it , I be not Percy , " he finish defiantly . " I know you be not , " say Harry and he grin . but as Hermione and Ron drag their trunk , Crookshanks , and a cage Pigwidgeon off toward the engine end of the train , Harry feel an odd sense of loss . he have never travel on the Hogwarts Express without Ron . " come on , " Ginny tell him , " if we get a move on we will be able to save them place . " " right , " say Harry , pick up Hedwig 's cage in one hand and the handle of his trunk in the other . they struggle off down the corridor , peer through the glass-paneled door into the compartment they pass , which be already full . Harry could not help notice that a lot of people stare back at him with great interest and that several of them nudge their neighbor and point him out . after he have meet this behavior in five consecutive carriage he remember that the Daily Prophet have be tell its reader all summer what a lie show-off he be . he wonder bleakly whether the people now stare and whisper believe the story . in the very last carriage they meet Neville Longbottom , Harry 's fellow fifth-year Gryffindor , his round face shine with the effort of pull his trunk along and maintain a one-handed grip on his struggling toad , Trevor . " hi , Harry , " he pant . " hi , Ginny . ... Everywhere be full . ... I ca n't find a seat . ... " " what be you talk about ? " say Ginny , who have squeeze past Neville to peer into the compartment behind him . " there be room in this one , there be only Loony Lovegood in here -- " Neville mumble something about not want to disturb anyone . " do n't be silly , " say Ginny , laugh , " she be all right . " she slide the door open and pull her trunk inside it . Harry and Neville follow . " hi , Luna , " say Ginny . " be it okay if we take these seat ? " the girl beside the window look up . she have straggly , waist-length , dirty-blond hair , very pale eyebrow , and protuberant eye that give her a permanently surprised look . Harry know at once why Neville have choose to pass this compartment by . the girl give off an aura of distinct dottiness . perhaps it be the fact that she have stick her wand behind her leave ear for safekeeping , or that she have choose to wear a necklace of butterbeer cap , or that she be read a magazine upside down . her eye range over Neville and come to rest on Harry . she nod . " thanks , " say Ginny , smile at her . Harry and Neville stow the three trunk and Hedwig 's cage in the luggage rack and sit down . the girl call Luna watch them over her upside-down magazine , which be call the Quibbler . she do not seem to need to blink as much as normal human . she stare and stare at Harry , who have take the seat opposite her and now wish he have not . " have a good summer , Luna ? " Ginny ask . " yes , " say Luna dreamily , without take her eye off Harry . " yes , it be quite enjoyable , you know . you be Harry Potter , " she add . " I know I be , " say Harry . Neville chuckle . Luna turn her pale eye upon him instead . " and I do n't know who you be . " " I be nobody , " say Neville hurriedly . " no you be not , " say Ginny sharply . " Neville Longbottom -- Luna Lovegood . Luna 's in my year , but in Ravenclaw . " " wit beyond measure be man 's great treasure , " say Luna in a singsong voice . she raise her upside-down magazine high enough to hide her face and fall silent . Harry and Neville look at each other with their eyebrow raise . Ginny suppress a giggle . the train rattle onward , speed them out into open country . it be an odd , unsettled sort of day ; one moment the carriage be full of sunlight and the next they be pass beneath ominously gray cloud . " guess what I get for my birthday ? " say Neville . " another Remembrall ? " say Harry , remember the marblelike device Neville 's grandmother have send him in an effort to improve his abysmal memory . " no , " say Neville , " I could do with one , though , I lose the old one age ago . ... no , look at this . ... " he dig the hand that be not keep a firm grip on Trevor into his schoolbag and after a little bit of rummage pull out what appear to be a small gray cactus in a pot , except that it be cover with what look like boil rather than spine . " Mimbulus mimbletonia , " he say proudly . Harry stare at the thing . it be pulsate slightly , give it the rather sinister look of some diseased internal organ . " it be really , really rare , " say Neville , beaming . " I do n't know if there be one in the greenhouse at Hogwarts , even . I ca n't wait to show it to Professor Sprout . my great-uncle Algie get it for me in Assyria . I be go to see if I can breed from it . " Harry know that Neville 's favorite subject be Herbology , but for the life of him he could not see what he would want with this stunted little plant . " do it -- er -- do anything ? " he ask . " load of stuff ! " say Neville proudly . " it be get an amazing defensive mechanism -- hold Trevor for me . ... " he dump the toad into Harry 's lap and take a quill from his schoolbag . Luna Lovegood 's pop eye appear over the top of her upside-down magazine again , watch what Neville be do . Neville hold the Mimbulus mimbletonia up to his eye , his tongue between his tooth , choose his spot , and give the plant a sharp prod with the tip of his quill . liquid squirt from every boil on the plant , thick , stinking , dark-green jet of it ; they hit the ceiling , the window , and spatter Luna Lovegood 's magazine . Ginny , who have fling her arm up in front of her face just in time , merely look as though she be wear a slimy green hat , but Harry , whose hand have be busy prevent the escape of Trevor , receive a face full . it smell like rancid manure . Neville , whose face and torso be also drench , shake his head to get the bad out of his eye . " S-sorry , " he gasp . " I have n't try that before . ... do n't realize it would be quite so ... do n't worry , though , Stinksap 's not poisonous , " he add nervously , as Harry spit a mouthful onto the floor . at that precise moment the door of their compartment slide open . " oh ... hello , Harry , " say a nervous voice . " Um ... bad time ? " Harry wipe the lens of his glass with his Trevor-free hand . a very pretty girl with long , shiny black hair be stand in the doorway smile at him : Cho Chang , the Seeker on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team . " oh ... hi , " say Harry blankly . " Um ... " say Cho . " well ... just think I will say hello ... ' bye then . " she close the door again , rather pink in the face , and depart . Harry slump back in his seat and groan . he would have like Cho to discover him sit with a group of very cool people laugh their head off at a joke he have just tell ; he would not have choose to be sit with Neville and Loony Lovegood , clutch a toad and drip in Stinksap . " never mind , " say Ginny bracingly . " look , we can get rid of all this easily . " she pull out her wand . " Scourgify ! " the Stinksap vanish . " sorry , " say Neville again , in a small voice . Ron and Hermione do not turn up for nearly an hour , by which time the food trolley have already go by . Harry , Ginny , and Neville have finish their Pumpkin Pasties and be busy swap Chocolate Frog card when the compartment door slide open and they walk in , accompany by Crookshanks and a shrilly hoot Pigwidgeon in his cage . " I be starve , " say Ron , stow Pigwidgeon next to Hedwig , grab a Chocolate Frog from Harry and throw himself into the seat next to him . he rip open the wrapper , bit off the Frog 's head , and lean back with his eye close as though he have have a very exhausting morning . " well , there be two fifth-year prefect from each House , " say Hermione , look thoroughly disgruntled as she take her seat . " boy and girl from each . " " and guess who be a Slytherin prefect ? " say Ron , still with his eye close . " Malfoy , " reply Harry at once , his bad fear confirm . " ' Course , " say Ron bitterly , stuff the rest of the Frog into his mouth and take another . " and that complete cow Pansy Parkinson , " say Hermione viciously . " how she get to be a prefect when she be thick than a concuss troll ... " " who be Hufflepuff ? " Harry ask . " Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott , " say Ron thickly . " and Anthony Goldstein and Padma Patil for Ravenclaw , " say Hermione . " you go to the Yule Ball with Padma Patil , " say a vague voice . everyone turn to look at Luna Lovegood , who be gaze un-blinkingly at Ron over the top of the Quibbler . he swallow his mouthful of Frog . " yeah , I know I do , " he say , look mildly surprised . " she do n't enjoy it very much , " Luna inform him . " she do n't think you treat her very well , because you would n't dance with her . I do n't think I will have mind , " she add thoughtfully , " I do n't like dance very much . " she retreat behind the Quibbler again . Ron stare at the cover with his mouth hang open for a few second , then look around at Ginny for some kind of explanation , but Ginny have stuff her knuckle in her mouth to stop herself giggle . Ron shake his head , bemused , then check his watch . " we be suppose to patrol the corridor every so often , " he tell Harry and Neville , " and we can give out punishment if people be misbehave . I ca n't wait to get Crabbe and Goyle for something . ... " " you be not suppose to abuse your position , Ron ! " say Hermione sharply . " yeah , right , because Malfoy wo n't abuse it at all , " say Ron sarcastically . " so you be go to descend to his level ? " " no , I be just go to make sure I get his mate before he get mine . " " for heaven 's sake , Ron -- " " I will make Goyle do line , it will kill him , he hate write , " say Ron happily . he lower his voice to Goyle 's low grunt and , screw up his face in a look of pained concentration , mime write in midair . " I ... must ... not ... look ... like ... a ... baboon be ... backside . ... " Everyone laugh , but nobody laugh hard than Luna Lovegood . she let out a scream of mirth that cause Hedwig to wake up and flap her wing indignantly and Crookshanks to leap up into the luggage rack , hiss . she laugh so hard that her magazine slip out of her grasp , slide down her leg , and onto the floor . " that be funny ! " her prominent eye swim with tear as she gasp for breath , stare at Ron . utterly nonplus , he look around at the other , who be now laugh at the expression on Ron 's face and at the ludicrously prolonged laughter of Luna Lovegood , who be rock backward and forward , clutch her side . " be you take the mickey ? " say Ron , frown at her . " baboon be ... backside ! " she choke , hold her rib . everyone else be watch Luna laugh , but Harry , glance at the magazine on the floor , notice something that make him dive for it . upside down it have be hard to tell what the picture on the front be , but Harry now realize it be a fairly bad cartoon of Cornelius Fudge ; Harry only recognize him because of the lime-green bowler hat . one of Fudge 's hand be clench around a bag of gold ; the other hand be throttle a goblin . the cartoon be caption : how Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts ? beneath this be list the title of other article inside the magazine . " can I have a look at this ? " Harry ask Luna eagerly . she nod , still gaze at Ron , breathless with laughter . Harry open the magazine and scan the index ; until this moment he have completely forget the magazine Kingsley have hand Mr. Weasley to give to Sirius , but it must have be this edition of the Quibbler . he find the page and turn excitedly to the article . this too be illustrate by a rather bad cartoon ; in fact , Harry would not have know it be suppose to be Sirius if it have n't be caption . Sirius be stand on a pile of human bone with his wand out . the headline on the article read : Harry have to read this sentence several time before he be convince that he have not misunderstand it . since when have Sirius be a singing sensation ? for fourteen year Sirius Black have be believe guilty of the mass murder of twelve innocent Muggles and one wizard . Black 's audacious escape from Azkaban two year ago have lead to the wide manhunt ever conduct by the Ministry of Magic . none of us have ever question that he deserve to be recapture and hand back to the dementors . but Does He ? startling new evidence have recently come to light that Sirius Black may not have commit the crime for which he be send to Azkaban . in fact , say Doris Purkiss , of @card@ Acanthia Way , Little Norton , Black may not even have be present at the killing . " what people do n't realize be that Sirius Black be a false name , " say Mrs. Purkiss . " the man people believe to be Sirius Black be actually Stubby Boardman , lead singer of the popular singing group the Hobgoblins , who retire from public life after be strike in the ear by a turnip at a concert in Little Norton Church Hall nearly fifteen year ago . I recognize him the moment I see his picture in the paper . now , Stubby could n't possibly have commit those crime , because on the day in question he happen to be enjoy a romantic candlelit dinner with me . I have write to the Minister of Magic and be expect him to give Stubby , alias Sirius , a full pardon any day now . " Harry finish reading and stare at the page in disbelief . perhaps it be a joke , he think , perhaps the magazine often print spoof item . he flick back a few page and find the piece on Fudge . Cornelius Fudge , the Minister of Magic , deny that he have any plan to take over the running of the Wizarding Bank , Gringotts , when he be elect Minister of Magic five year ago . fudge have always insist that he want nothing more than to " cooperate peacefully " with the guardian of our gold . but Does He ? source close to the Minister have recently disclose that Fudge 's dear ambition be to seize control of the goblin gold supply and that he will not hesitate to use force if need be . " it would n't be the first time , either , " say a Ministry insider . " Cornelius ' Goblin-Crusher ' Fudge , that be what his friend call him , if you could hear him when he think no one be listen , oh , he be always talk about the goblin he have have do in ; he have have them drown , he have have them drop off building , he have have them poison , he have have them cook in pie . ... " Harry do not read any further . fudge might have many fault but Harry find it extremely hard to imagine him order goblin to be cook in pie . he flick through the rest of the magazine . pause every few page he read an accusation that the Tutshill Tornados be win the Quidditch League by a combination of blackmail , illegal broom-tampering , and torture ; an interview with a wizard who claim to have flow to the moon on a Cleansweep six and bring back a bag of moon frog to prove it ; and an article on ancient rune , which at least explain why Luna have be read the Quibbler upside down . accord to the magazine , if you turn the rune on their head they reveal a spell to make your enemy 's ear turn into kumquat . in fact , compare to the rest of the article in the Quibbler , the suggestion that Sirius might really be the lead singer of the Hobgoblins be quite sensible . " anything good in there ? " ask Ron as Harry close the magazine . " of course not , " say Hermione scathingly , before Harry could answer , " the Quibbler 's rubbish , everyone know that . " " excuse me , " say Luna ; her voice have suddenly lose its dreamy quality . " my father be the editor . " " I -- oh , " say Hermione , look embarrassed . " well ... it have get some interesting ... I mean , it be quite ... " " I will have it back , thank you , " say Luna coldly , and lean forward she snatch it out of Harry 's hand . rifle through it to page fifty-seven , she turn it resolutely upside down again and disappear behind it , just as the compartment door open for the third time . Harry look around ; he have expect this , but that do not make the sight of Draco Malfoy smirk at him from between his crony Crabbe and Goyle any more enjoyable . " what ? " he say aggressively , before Malfoy could open his mouth . " manner , Potter , or I will have to give you a detention , " drawl Malfoy , whose sleek blond hair and pointed chin be just like his father 's . " you see , I , unlike you , have be make a prefect , which mean that I , unlike you , have the power to hand out punishment . " " yeah , " say Harry , " but you , unlike me , be a git , so get out and leave us alone . " Ron , Hermione , Ginny , and Neville laugh . Malfoy 's lip curl . " tell me , how do it feel be second-best to Weasley , Potter ? " he ask . " shut up , Malfoy , " say Hermione sharply . " I seem to have touch a nerve , " say Malfoy , smirk . " well , just watch yourself , Potter , because I will be dog your footstep in case you step out of line . " " get out ! " say Hermione , stand up . snigger , Malfoy give Harry a last malicious look and depart , Crabbe and Goyle lumber in his wake . Hermione slam the compartment door behind them and turn to look at Harry , who know at once that she , like him , have register what Malfoy have say and be just as unnerved by it . " chuck us another frog , " say Ron , who have clearly notice nothing . Harry could not talk freely in front of Neville and Luna . he exchange another nervous look with Hermione and then stare out of the window . he have think Sirius come with him to the station be a bit of a laugh , but suddenly it seem reckless , if not downright dangerous . ... Hermione have be right . ... Sirius should not have come . what if Mr. Malfoy have notice the black dog and tell Draco , what if he have deduce that the Weasleys , Lupin , Tonks , and Moody know where Sirius be hide ? or have Malfoy 's use of the word " dog " be a coincidence ? the weather remain undecided as they travel farther and farther north . rain spatter the window in a halfhearted way , then the sun put in a feeble appearance before cloud drift over it once more . when darkness fall and lamp come on inside the carriage , Luna roll up the Quibbler , put it carefully away in her bag , and take to stare at everyone in the compartment instead . Harry be sit with his forehead press against the train window , try to get a first distant glimpse of Hogwarts , but it be a moonless night and the rain-streaked window be grimy . " we will well change , " say Hermione at last . she and Ron pin their prefect badge carefully to their chest . Harry see Ron checking how it look in the black window . at last the train begin to slow down and they hear the usual racket up and down it as everybody scramble to get their luggage and pet assemble , ready for departure . Ron and Hermione be suppose to supervise all this ; they disappear from the carriage again , leave Harry and the other to look after Crookshanks and Pigwidgeon . " I will carry that owl , if you like , " say Luna to Harry , reach out for Pigwidgeon as Neville stow Trevor carefully in an inside pocket . " oh -- er -- thanks , " say Harry , hand her the cage and hoist Hedwig 's more securely into his arm . they shuffle out of the compartment feel the first sting of the night air on their face as they join the crowd in the corridor . slowly they move toward the door . Harry could smell the pine tree that line the path down to the lake . he step down onto the platform and look around , listen for the familiar call of " Firs ' year over here ... fir ' year ... " but it do not come . instead a quite different voice , a brisk female one , be call , " First year line up over here , please ! all first year to me ! " a lantern come swing toward Harry and by its light he see the prominent chin and severe haircut of Professor Grubbly-Plank , the witch who have take over Hagrid 's Care of Magical Creatures lesson for a while the previous year . " where be Hagrid ? " he say out loud . " I do n't know , " say Ginny , " but we will well get out of the way , we be block the door . " " oh yeah ... " Harry and Ginny become separated as they move off along the platform and out through the station . jostle by the crowd , Harry squint through the darkness for a glimpse of Hagrid ; he have to be here , Harry have be rely on it -- see Hagrid again have be one of the thing to which he have be look forward most . but there be no sign of him at all . he ca n't have leave , Harry tell himself as he shuffle slowly through a narrow doorway onto the road outside with the rest of the crowd . he be just get a cold or something . ... he look around for Ron or Hermione , want to know what they think about the reappearance of Professor Grubbly-Plank , but neither of them be anywhere near him , so he allow himself to be shunt forward onto the dark rain-washed road outside Hogsmeade station . here stand the hundred or so horseless stagecoach that always take the student above first year up to the castle . Harry glance quickly at them , turn away to keep a lookout for Ron and Hermione , then do a double take . the coach be no longer horseless . there be creature stand between the carriage shaft ; if he have have to give them a name , he suppose he would have call them horse , though there be something reptilian about them , too . they be completely fleshless , their black coat cling to their skeleton , of which every bone be visible . their head be dragonish , and their pupil-less eye white and stare . wing sprout from each wither -- vast , black leathery wing that look as though they ought to belong to giant bat . stand still and quiet in the gloom , the creature look eerie and sinister . Harry could not understand why the coach be be pull by these horrible horse when they be quite capable of move along by themselves . " where be Pig ? " say Ron 's voice , right behind Harry . " that Luna girl be carry him , " say Harry , turn quickly , eager to consult Ron about Hagrid . " where d'you reckon -- " " - Hagrid be ? I dunno , " say Ron , sound worry . " he will well be okay . ... " a short distance away , Draco Malfoy , follow by a small gang of crony include Crabbe , Goyle , and Pansy Parkinson , be push some timid-looking second year out of the way so that they could get a coach to themselves . second later Hermione emerge pant from the crowd . " Malfoy be be absolutely foul to a first year back there , I swear I be go to report him , he have only have his badge three minute and he be use it to bully people bad than ever . ... where be Crookshanks ? " " Ginny have get him , " say Harry . " there she be . ... " Ginny have just emerge from the crowd , clutch a squirm Crookshanks . " thanks , " say Hermione , relieve Ginny of the cat . " come on , let be get a carriage together before they all fill up . ... " " I have n't get Pig yet ! " Ron say , but Hermione be already head off toward the near unoccupied coach . Harry remain behind with Ron . " what be those thing , d'you reckon ? " he ask Ron , nod at the horrible horse as the other student surge past them . " what thing ? " " those horse -- " Luna appear hold Pigwidgeon 's cage in her arm ; the tiny owl be twitter excitedly as usual . " here you be , " she say . " he be a sweet little owl , be n't he ? " " er ... yeah ... he be all right , " say Ron gruffly . " well , come on then , let be get in . ... what be you say , Harry ? " " I be say , what be those horse thing ? " Harry say , as he , Ron , and Luna make for the carriage in which Hermione and Ginny be already sit . " what horse thing ? " " the horse thing pull the carriage ! " say Harry impatiently ; they be , after all , about three foot from the near one ; it be watch them with empty white eye . Ron , however , give Harry a perplex look . " what be you talk about ? " " I be talk about -- look ! " Harry grab Ron 's arm and wheel him about so that he be face-to-face with the wing horse . Ron stare straight at it for a second , then look back at Harry . " what be I suppose to be look at ? " " at the -- there , between the shaft ! harness to the coach ! it be right there in front -- " but as Ron continue to look bemused , a strange thought occur to Harry . " can n't ... ca n't you see them ? " " see what ? " " can n't you see what be pull the carriage ? " Ron look seriously alarm now . " be you feel all right , Harry ? " " I ... yeah ... " Harry feel utterly bewilder . the horse be there in front of him , gleam solidly in the dim light issue from the station window behind them , vapor rise from its nostril in the chilly night air . yet unless Ron be fake -- and it be a very feeble joke if he be -- Ron could not see it at all . " shall we get in , then ? " say Ron uncertainly , look at Harry as though worried about him . " yeah , " say Harry . " yeah , go on ... " " it be all right , " say a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron vanish into the coach 's dark interior . " you be not go mad or anything . I can see them too . " " can you ? " say Harry desperately , turn to Luna . he could see the bat-winged horse reflect in her wide , silvery eye . " oh yes , " say Luna , " I have be able to see them ever since my first day here . they have always pull the carriage . do n't worry . you be just as sane as I be . " smile faintly , she climb into the musty interior of the carriage after Ron . not altogether reassure , Harry follow her . the Sorting Hat 's New Song Harry do not want to tell the other that he and Luna be have the same hallucination , if that be what it be , so he say nothing about the horse as he sit down inside the carriage and slam the door behind him . nevertheless , he could not help watch the silhouette of the horse move beyond the window . " do everyone see that Grubbly-Plank woman ? " ask Ginny . " what be she do back here ? Hagrid ca n't have leave , can he ? " " I will be quite glad if he have , " say Luna . " he be n't a very good teacher , be he ? " " yes , he be ! " say Harry , Ron , and Ginny angrily . Harry glare at Hermione ; she clear her throat and quickly say , " erm ... yes ... he be very good . " " well , we think he be a bit of a joke in Ravenclaw , " say Luna , unfaze . " you have get a rubbish sense of humor then , " Ron snap , as the wheel below them creak into motion . Luna do not seem perturb by Ron 's rudeness ; on the contrary , she simply watch him for a while as though he be a mildly interesting television program . rattle and sway , the carriage move in convoy up the road . when they pass between the tall stone pillar top with wing boar on either side of the gate to the school ground , Harry lean forward to try and see whether there be any light on in Hagrid 's cabin by the Forbidden Forest , but the ground be in complete darkness . Hogwarts Castle , however , loom ever close : a towering mass of turret , jet-black against the dark sky , here and there a window blaze fiery bright above them . the carriage jingle to a halt near the stone step lead up to the oak front door and Harry get out of the carriage first . he turn again to look for light window down by the forest , but there be definitely no sign of life within Hagrid 's cabin . unwillingly , because he have half hope they would have vanish , he turn his eye instead upon the strange , skeletal creature stand quietly in the chill night air , their blank white eye gleam . Harry have once before have the experience of see something that Ron could not , but that have be a reflection in a mirror , something much more insubstantial than a hundred very solid-looking beast strong enough to pull a fleet of carriage . if Luna be to be believe , the beast have always be there but invisible ; why , then , could Harry suddenly see them , and why could Ron not ? " be you come or what ? " say Ron beside him . " oh ... yeah , " say Harry quickly , and they join the crowd hurry up the stone step into the castle . the entrance hall be ablaze with torch and echo with footstep as the student cross the flag stone floor for the double door to the right , lead to the Great Hall and the start-of-term feast . the four long House table in the Great Hall be fill up under the starless black ceiling , which be just like the sky they could glimpse through the high window . candle float in midair all along the table , illuminate the silvery ghost who be dot about the Hall and the face of the student talk eagerly to one another , exchange summer news , shout greeting at friend from other house , eye one another be new haircut and robe . again Harry notice people put their head together to whisper as he pass ; he grit his tooth and try to act as though he neither notice nor care . Luna drift away from them at the Ravenclaw table . the moment they reach Gryffindor 's , Ginny be hail by some fellow fourth year and leave to sit with them ; Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Neville find seat together about halfway down the table between nearly Headless Nick , the Gryffindor House ghost , and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown , the last two of whom give Harry airy , overly friendly greeting that make him quite sure they have stop talk about him a split second before . he have more important thing to worry about , however : he be look over the student ' head to the staff table that run along the top wall of the Hall . " he be not there . " Ron and Hermione scan the staff table too , though there be no real need ; Hagrid 's size make him instantly obvious in any lineup . " he ca n't have leave , " say Ron , sound slightly anxious . " of course he have n't , " say Harry firmly . " you do n't think he be ... hurt , or anything , do you ? " say Hermione uneasily . " no , " say Harry at once . " but where be he , then ? " there be a pause , then Harry say very quietly , so that Neville , Parvati , and Lavender could not hear , " maybe he be not back yet . you know -- from his mission -- the thing he be do over the summer for Dumbledore . " " yeah ... yeah , that will be it , " say Ron , sound reassure , but Hermione bite her lip , look up and down the staff table as though hope for some conclusive explanation of Hagrid 's absence . " who be that ? " she say sharply , point toward the middle of the staff table . Harry 's eye follow hers . they light first upon Professor Dumbledore , sit in his high-backed golden chair at the center of the long staff table , wear deep-purple robe scatter with silvery star and a match hat . Dumbledore 's head be incline toward the woman sit next to him , who be talk into his ear . she look , Harry think , like somebody 's maiden aunt : squat , with short , curly , mouse-brown hair in which she have place a horrible pink Alice band that match the fluffy pink cardigan she wear over her robe . then she turn her face slightly to take a sip from her goblet and he see , with a shock of recognition , a pallid , toadlike face and a pair of prominent , pouchy eye . " it be that Umbridge woman ! " " who ? " say Hermione . " she be at my hearing , she work for Fudge ! " " nice cardigan , " say Ron , smirk . " she work for Fudge ? " Hermione repeat , frown . " what on earth be she do here , then ? " " dunno ... " Hermione scan the staff table , her eye narrow . " no , " she mutter , " no , surely not ... " Harry do not understand what she be talk about but do not ask ; his attention have just be catch by Professor Grubbly-Plank who have just appear behind the staff table ; she work her way along to the very end and take the seat that ought to have be Hagrid 's . that mean that the first year must have cross the lake and reach the castle , and sure enough , a few second later , the door from the entrance hall open . a long line of scared-looking first year enter , lead by Professor McGonagall , who be carry a stool on which sit an ancient wizard 's hat , heavily patch and darn with a wide rip near the fray brim . the buzz of talk in the Great Hall fade away . the first year line up in front of the staff table face the rest of the student , and Professor McGonagall place the stool carefully in front of them , then stand back . the first year ' face glow palely in the candlelight . a small boy right in the middle of the row look as though he be tremble . Harry recall , fleetingly , how terrify he have feel when he have stand there , wait for the unknown test that would determine to which house he belong . the whole school wait with bate breath . then the rip near the hat 's brim open wide like a mouth and the Sorting Hat burst into song : in time of old when I be new and Hogwarts barely start the founder of our noble school Thought never to be part : unite by a common goal , they have the selfsame yearning , to make the world 's good magic school and pass along their learning . " together we will build and teach ! " the four good friend decide and never do they dream that they Might someday be divide , for be there such friend anywhere as Slytherin and Gryffndor ? unless it be the second pair of Huffepuff and Ravenclaw ? so how could it have go so wrong ? how could such friendship fail ? why , I be there and so can tell the whole sad , sorry tale . say Slytherin , " we will teach just those Whose ancestry be pure . " say Ravenclaw , " we will teach those whose intelligence be sure . " say Gryffindor , " we will teach all those with brave deed to their name , " Said Hufflepuff , " I will teach the lot , and treat them just the same . " these difference cause little strife when first they come to light , for each of the four founder have a house in which they might take only those they want , so , for instance , Slytherin Took only pure-blood wizard of great cunning , just like him , and only those of sharp mind be teach by Ravenclaw while the brave and the bold Went to daring Gryffindor . good Hufflepuff she take the rest , and teach them all she know , thus the Houses and their founder retained friendship firm and true . so Hogwarts work in harmony for several happy year , but then discord creep among us Feeding on our fault and fear . the house that , like pillar four , have once hold up our school , now turn upon each other and , Divided , seek to rule . and for a while it seem the school must meet an early end , what with dueling and with fight and the clash of friend on friend and at last there come a morning when old Slytherin departed and though the fighting then die out he leave us quite downhearted . and never since the founder four be whittle down to three have the Houses be unite as they once be mean to be . and now the Sorting Hat be here and you all know the score : I sort you into house because that be what I be for , but this year I will go further , Listen closely to my song : though condemn I be to split you still I worry that it be wrong , Though I must fulfill my duty and must quarter every year still I wonder whether sort may not bring the end I fear . oh , know the peril , read the sign , the warn history show , for our Hogwarts be in danger from external , deadly foe and we must unite inside her or we will crumble from within . I have tell you , I have warn you . ... let the Sorting now begin . the hat become motionless once more ; applause break out , though it be puncture , for the first time in Harry 's memory , with mutter and whisper . all across the Great Hall student be exchange remark with their neighbor and Harry , clap along with everyone else , know exactly what they be talk about . " branch out a bit this year , have n't it ? " say Ron , his eyebrow raise . " too right it have , " say Harry . the Sorting Hat usually confine itself to describe the different quality look for by each of the four Hogwarts house and its own role in sort them ; Harry could not remember it ever try to give the school advice before . " I wonder if it be ever give warning before ? " say Hermione , sound slightly anxious . " yes , indeed , " say nearly Headless Nick knowledgeably , lean across Neville toward her ( Neville wince , it be very uncomfortable to have a ghost lean through you ) . " the hat feel itself honor-bound to give the school due warning whenever it feel -- " but Professor McGonagall , who be wait to read out the list of first year ' name , be give the whisper student the sort of look that scorch . nearly Headless Nick place a see-through finger to his lip and sit primly upright again as the mutter come to an abrupt end . with a last frown look that sweep the four House table , Professor McGonagall lower her eye to her long piece of parchment and call out , " Abercrombie , Euan . " the terrified-looking boy Harry have notice earlier stumble forward and put the hat on his head ; it be only prevent from fall right down to his shoulder by his very prominent ear . the hat consider for a moment , then the rip near the brim open again and shout , " GRYFFINDOR ! " Harry clap loudly with the rest of Gryffindor House as Euan Abercrombie stagger to their table and sit down , look as though he would like very much to sink through the floor and never be look at again . slowly the long line of first year thin ; in the pause between the name and the Sorting Hat 's decision , Harry could hear Ron 's stomach rumble loudly . finally , " Zeller , Rose " be sort into Hufflepuff , and Professor McGonagall pick up the hat and stool and march them away as Professor Dumbledore rise to his foot . Harry be somehow soothe to see Dumbledore stand before them all , whatever his recent bitter feeling toward his headmaster . between the absence of Hagrid and the presence of those dragonish horse , he have feel that his return to Hogwarts , so long anticipate , be full of unexpected surprise like jarring note in a familiar song . but this , at least , be how it be suppose to be : their headmaster rise to greet them all before the start-of-term feast . " to our newcomer , " say Dumbledore in a ringing voice , his arm stretch wide and a beaming smile on his lip , " welcome ! to our old hand -- welcome back ! there be a time for speech make , but this be not it . tuck in ! " there be an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applause as Dumbledore sit down neatly and throw his long beard over his shoulder so as to keep it out of the way of his plate -- for food have appear out of nowhere , so that the five long table be groan under joint and pie and dish of vegetable , bread , sauce , and flagon of pumpkin juice . " excellent , " say Ron , with a kind of groan of longing , and he seize the near plate of chop and begin pile them onto his plate , watch wistfully by nearly headless Nick . " what be you say before the Sorting ? " Hermione ask the ghost . " about the hat give warning ? " " oh yes , " say Nick , who seem glad of a reason to turn away from Ron , who be now eat roast potato with almost indecent enthusiasm . " yes , I have hear the hat give several warning before , always at time when it detect period of great danger for the school . and always , of course , its advice be the same : stand together , be strong from within . " " Ow kunnit nofe skusin danger ifzat ? " say Ron . his mouth be so full Harry think it be quite an achievement for him to make any noise at all . " I beg your pardon ? " say nearly Headless Nick politely , while Hermione look revolt . Ron give an enormous swallow and say , " how can it know if the school be in danger if it be a hat ? " " I have no idea , " say nearly Headless Nick . " of course , it live in Dumbledore 's office , so I daresay it pick thing up there . " " and it want all the house to be friend ? " say Harry , look over at the Slytherin table , where Draco Malfoy be hold court . " fat chance . " " well , now , you should n't take that attitude , " say Nick reprovingly . " peaceful cooperation , that be the key . we ghost , though we belong to separate house , maintain link of friendship . in spite of the competitiveness between Gryffindor and Slytherin , I would never dream of seek an argument with the Bloody Baron . " " only because you be terrify of him , " say Ron . nearly Headless Nick look highly affront . " terrify ? I hope I , Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington , have never be guilty of cowardice in my life ! the noble blood that run in my vein -- " " what blood ? " ask Ron . " surely you have n't still get -- ? " " it be a figure of speech ! " say nearly Headless Nick , now so annoy his head be tremble ominously on his partially sever neck . " I assume I be still allow to enjoy the use of whichever word I like , even if the pleasure of eating and drinking be deny me ! but I be quite use to student poke fun at my death , I assure you ! " " Nick , he be n't really laugh at you ! " say Hermione , throw a furious look at Ron . unfortunately , Ron 's mouth be pack to explode point again and all he could manage be " node iddum eentup sechew , " which Nick do not seem to think constitute an adequate apology . rise into the air , he straighten his feather hat and sweep away from them to the other end of the table , come to rest between the Creevey brother , Colin and Dennis . " well do , Ron , " snap Hermione . " what ? " say Ron indignantly , have manage , finally , to swallow his food . " I be not allow to ask a simple question ? " " oh forget it , " say Hermione irritably , and the pair of them spend the rest of the meal in huffy silence . Harry be too use to their bickering to bother try to reconcile them ; he feel it be a good use of his time to eat his way steadily through his steak-and-kidney pie , then a large plateful of his favorite treacle tart . when all the student have finish eating and the noise level in the hall be start to creep upward again , Dumbledore get to his foot once more . talking cease immediately as all turn to face the headmaster . Harry be feel pleasantly drowsy now . his four-poster bed be wait somewhere above , wonderfully warm and soft . ... " well , now that we be all digest another magnificent feast , I beg a few moment of your attention for the usual start-of-term notice , " say Dumbledore . " first year ought to know that the forest in the ground be out of bound to student -- and a few of our old student ought to know by now too . " ( Harry , Ron , and Hermione exchange smirk . ) " Mr. Filch , the caretaker , have ask me , for what he tell me be the four hundred and sixty-second time , to remind you all that magic be not permit in corridor between class , nor be a number of other thing , all of which can be check on the extensive list now fasten to Mr. Filch 's office door . " we have have two change in staff this year . we be very please to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank , who will be take Care of Magical Creatures lesson ; we be also delight to introduce Professor Umbridge , our new defense against the Dark Arts teacher . " there be a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic applause during which Harry , Ron , and Hermione exchange slightly panic look ; Dumbledore have not say for how long Grubbly-Plank would be teach . Dumbledore continue , " Tryouts for the House Quidditch team will take place on the -- " he break off , look inquiringly at Professor Umbridge . as she be not much tall standing than sit , there be a moment when nobody understand why Dumbledore have stop talk , but then Professor Umbridge say , " Hem , hem , " and it become clear that she have get to her foot and be intend to make a speech . Dumbledore only look take aback for a moment , then he sit back down smartly and look alertly at Professor Umbridge as though he desire nothing well than to listen to her talk . other member of staff be not as adept at hide their surprise . Professor Sprout 's eyebrow have disappear into her flyaway hair , and Professor McGonagall 's mouth be as thin as Harry have ever see it . no new teacher have ever interrupt Dumbledore before . many of the student be smirk ; this woman obviously do not know how thing be do at Hogwarts . " thank you , Headmaster , " Professor Umbridge simper , " for those kind word of welcome . " her voice be high-pitched , breathy , and little-girlish and again , Harry feel a powerful rush of dislike that he could not explain to himself ; all he know be that he loathe everything about her , from her stupid voice to her fluffy pink cardigan . she give another little throat-clearing cough ( " Hem , hem " ) and continue : " well , it be lovely to be back at Hogwarts , I must say ! " she smile , reveal very pointed tooth . " and to see such happy little face look back at me ! " Harry glance around . none of the face he could see look happy ; on the contrary , they all look rather take aback at be address as though they be five year old . " I be very much look forward to get to know you all , and I be sure we will be very good friend ! " student exchange look at this ; some of them be barely conceal grin . " I will be her friend as long as I do n't have to borrow that cardigan , " Parvati whisper to Lavender , and both of them lapse into silent giggle . Professor Umbridge clear her throat again ( " Hem , hem " ) , but when she continue , some of the breathiness have vanish from her voice . she sound much more businesslike and now her word have a dull learned-by-heart sound to them . " the Ministry of Magic have always consider the education of young witch and wizard to be of vital importance . the rare gift with which you be bear may come to nothing if not nurture and hone by careful instruction . the ancient skill unique to the Wizarding community must be pass down through the generation lest we lose them forever . the treasure trove of magical knowledge amass by our ancestor must be guard , replenish , and polish by those who have be call to the noble profession of teaching . " Professor Umbridge pause here and make a little bow to her fellow staff member , none of whom bow back . Professor McGonagall 's dark eyebrow have contract so that she look positively hawklike , and Harry distinctly see her exchange a significant glance with Professor Sprout as Umbridge give another little " Hem , hem " and go on with her speech . " every headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts have bring something new to the weighty task of govern this historic school , and that be as it should be , for without progress there will be stagnation and decay . there again , progress for progress 's sake must be discourage , for our try and test tradition often require no tinkering . a balance , then , between old and new , between permanence and change , between tradition and innovation ... " Harry find his attentiveness ebb , as though his brain be slip in and out of tune . the quiet that always fill the Hall when Dumbledore be speak be break up as student put their head together , whisper and giggle . over at the Ravenclaw table , Cho Chang be chat animatedly with her friend . a few seat along from Cho , Luna Lovegood have get out the Quibbler again . meanwhile at the Hufflepuff table , Ernie Macmillan be one of the few still stare at Professor Umbridge , but he be glassy-eyed and Harry be sure he be only pretend to listen in an attempt to live up to the new prefect 's badge gleam on his chest . Professor Umbridge do not seem to notice the restlessness of her audience . Harry have the impression that a full-scale riot could have break out under her nose and she would have plow on with her speech . the teacher , however , be still listen very attentively , and Hermione seem to be drink in every word Umbridge speak , though judge by her expression , they be not at all to her taste . " ... because some change will be for the good , while other will come , in the fullness of time , to be recognize as error of judgment . meanwhile , some old habit will be retain , and rightly so , whereas other , outmode and outwear , must be abandon . let us move forward , then , into a new era of openness , effectiveness , and accountability , intent on preserve what ought to be preserve , perfect what need to be perfect , and prune wherever we find practice that ought to be prohibit . " she sit down . Dumbledore clap . the staff follow his lead , though Harry notice that several of them bring their hand together only once or twice before stop . a few student join in , but most have be take unawares by the end of the speech , not have listen to more than a few word of it , and before they could start applaud properly , Dumbledore have stand up again . " thank you very much , Professor Umbridge , that be most illuminate , " he say , bow to her . " now -- as I be say , Quidditch tryout will be hold ... " " Yes , it certainly be illuminate , " say Hermione in a low voice . " you be not tell me you enjoy it ? " Ron say quietly , turn a glaze face upon Hermione . " that be about the dull speech I have ever hear , and I grow up with Percy . " " I say illuminate , not enjoyable , " say Hermione . " it explain a lot . " " do it ? " say Harry in surprise . " sound like a load of waffle to me . " " there be some important stuff hide in the waffle , " say Hermione grimly . " be there ? " say Ron blankly . " how about ' progress for progress 's sake must be discourage ' ? how about ' prune wherever we find practice that ought to be prohibit ' ? " " well , what do that mean ? " say Ron impatiently . " I will tell you what it mean , " say Hermione ominously . " it mean the Ministry be interfere at Hogwarts . " there be a great clatter and bang all around them ; Dumbledore have obviously just dismiss the school , because everyone be stand up ready to leave the Hall . Hermione jump up , look fluster . " Ron , we be suppose to show the first year where to go ! " " oh yeah , " say Ron , who have obviously forget . " hey -- hey you lot ! midget ! " " Ron ! " " well , they be , they be titchy . ... " " I know , but you ca n't call them midget . ... First year ! " Hermione call commandingly along the table . " this way , please ! " a group of new student walk shyly up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff table , all of them try hard not to lead the group . they do indeed seem very small ; Harry be sure he have not appear that young when he have arrive here . he grin at them . a blond boy next to Euan Abercrombie look petrify , nudge Euan , and whisper something in his ear . Euan Abercrombie look equally frightened and steal a horrify look at Harry , who feel the grin slide off his face like Stinksap . " see you later , " he say to Ron and Hermione and he make his way out of the Great Hall alone , do everything he could to ignore more whispering , stare , and point as he pass . he keep his eye fix ahead as he weave his way through the crowd in the entrance hall , then he hurry up the marble staircase , take a couple of conceal shortcut , and have soon leave most of the crowd behind . he have be stupid not to expect this , he think angrily , as he walk through much empty upstairs corridor . of course everyone be stare at him : he have emerge from the Triwizard maze two month ago clutch the dead body of a fellow student and claim to have see Lord Voldemort return to power . there have not be time last term to explain himself before everyone go home , even if he have feel up to give the whole school a detailed account of the terrible event in that graveyard . he have reach the end of the corridor to the Gryffindor common room and have come to a halt in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady before he realize that he do not know the new password . " er ... " he say glumly , stare up at the Fat Lady , who smooth the fold of her pink satin dress and look sternly back at him . " no password , no entrance , " she say loftily . " Harry , I know it ! " someone pant from behind him , and he turn to see Neville jog toward him . " guess what it be ? I be actually go to be able to remember it for once -- " he wave the stunted little cactus he have show them on the train . " Mimbulus mimbletonia ! " " correct , " say the Fat Lady , and her portrait swing open toward them like a door , reveal a circular hole in the wall behind , through which Harry and Neville now climb . the Gryffindor common room look as welcome as ever , a cozy circular tower room full of dilapidated squashy armchair and rickety old table . a fire be crackle merrily in the grate and a few people be warm their hand before go up to their dormitory ; on the other side of the room Fred and George Weasley be pin something up on the notice board . Harry wave good night to them and head straight for the door to the boy ' dormitory ; he be not in much of a mood for talk at the moment . Neville follow him . Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan have reach the dormitory first and be in the process of cover the wall beside their bed with poster and photograph . they have be talk as Harry push open the door but stop abruptly the moment they see him . Harry wonder whether they have be talk about him , then whether he be be paranoid . " hi , " he say , move across to his own trunk and open it . " hey , Harry , " say Dean , who be put on a pair of pajamas in the West Ham color . " good holiday ? " " not bad , " mutter Harry , as a true account of his holiday would have take most of the night to relate and he could not face it . " you ? " " yeah , it be okay , " chuckle Dean . " good than Seamus 's anyway , he be just tell me . " " why , what happen , Seamus ? " Neville ask as he place his Mimbulus mimbletonia tenderly on his bedside cabinet . Seamus do not answer immediately ; he be make rather a meal of ensure that his poster of the Kenmare Kestrels Quidditch team be quite straight . then he say , with his back still turn to Harry , " Me mam do n't want me to come back . " " what ? " say Harry , pause in the act of pull off his robe . " she do n't want me to come back to Hogwarts . " Seamus turn away from his poster and pull his own pajamas out of his trunk , still not look at Harry . " but -- why ? " say Harry , astonish . he know that Seamus 's mother be a witch and could not understand , therefore , why she should have come over so Dursley-ish . Seamus do not answer until he have finish button his pajamas . " well , " he say in a measure voice , " I suppose ... because of you . " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry quickly . his heart be beat rather fast . he feel vaguely as though something be close in on him . " well , " say Seamus again , still avoid Harry 's eye , " she ... er ... well , it be not just you , it be Dumbledore too ... " " she believe the Daily Prophet ? " say Harry . " she think I be a liar and Dumbledore be an old fool ? " Seamus look up at him . " yeah , something like that . " Harry say nothing . he throw his wand down onto his bedside table , pull off his robe , stuff them angrily into his trunk , and pull on his pajamas . he be sick of it ; sick of be the person who be stare at and talk about all the time . if any of them know , if any of them have the faint idea what it feel like to be the one all these thing have happen to ... Mrs. Finnigan have no idea , the stupid woman , he think savagely . he get into bed and make to pull the hanging close around him , but before he could do so , Seamus say , " look ... what do happen that night when ... you know , when ... with Cedric Diggory and all ? " Seamus sound nervous and eager at the same time . Dean , who have be bend over his trunk , try to retrieve a slipper , go oddly still and Harry know he be listen hard . " what be you ask me for ? " Harry retort . " just read the Daily Prophet like your mother , why do n't you ? that will tell you all you need to know . " " do n't you have a go at my mother , " snap Seamus . " I will have a go at anyone who call me a liar , " say Harry . " do n't talk to me like that ! " " I will talk to you how I want , " say Harry , his temper rise so fast he snatch his wand back from his bedside table . " if you have get a problem share a dormitory with me , go and ask McGonagall if you can be move , stop your mummy worry -- " " leave my mother out of this , Potter ! " " what be go on ? " Ron have appear in the doorway . his wide eye travel from Harry , who be kneel on his bed with his wand point at Seamus , to Seamus , who be stand there with his fist raise . " he be have a go at my mother ! " Seamus yell . " what ? " say Ron . " Harry would n't do that -- we meet your mother , we like her . ... " " that be before she start believe every word the stinking Daily Prophet write about me ! " say Harry at the top of his voice . " oh , " say Ron , comprehension dawn across his freckled face . " oh ... right . " " you know what ? " say Seamus heatedly , cast Harry a venomous look . " he be right , I do n't want to share a dormitory with him anymore , he be a madman . " " that be out of order , Seamus , " say Ron , whose ear be start to glow red , always a danger sign . " out of order , be I ? " shout Seamus , who in contrast with Ron be turn pale . " you believe all the rubbish he be come out with about You-Know-Who , do you , you reckon he be tell the truth ? " " yeah , I do ! " say Ron angrily . " then you be mad too , " say Seamus in disgust . " yeah ? well unfortunately for you , pal , I be also a prefect ! " say Ron , jab himself in the chest with a finger . " so unless you want detention , watch your mouth ! " Seamus look for a few second as though detention would be a reasonable price to pay to say what be go through his mind ; but with a noise of contempt he turn on his heel , vault into bed , and pull the hanging shut with such violence that they be rip from the bed and fall in a dusty pile to the floor . Ron glare at Seamus , then look at Dean and Neville . " anyone else 's parent get a problem with Harry ? " he say aggressively . " my parent be Muggles , mate , " say Dean , shrug . " they do n't know nothing about no death at Hogwarts , because I be not stupid enough to tell them . " " you do n't know my mother , she will weasel anything out of anyone ! " Seamus snap at him . " anyway , your parent do n't get the Daily Prophet , they do n't know our headmaster have be sack from the Wizengamot and the International Confederation of Wizards because he be lose his marble -- " " my gran say that be rubbish , " pipe up Neville . " she say it be the Daily Prophet that be go downhill , not Dumbledore . she have cancel our subscription . we believe Harry , " he say simply . he climb into bed and pull the cover up to his chin , look owlishly over them at Seamus . " my gran 's always say You-Know-Who would come back one day . she say if Dumbledore say he be back , he be back . " Harry feel a rush of gratitude toward Neville . nobody else say anything . Seamus get out his wand , repair the bed hanging , and vanish behind them . Dean get into bed , roll over , and fall silent . Neville , who appear to have nothing more to say either , be gaze fondly at his moonlit cactus . Harry lie back on his pillow while Ron bustle around the next bed , put his thing away . he feel shake by the argument with Seamus , whom he have always like very much . how many more people be go to suggest that he be lie or unhinge ? have Dumbledore suffer like this all summer , as first the Wizengamot , then the International Confederation of Wizards have throw him from their rank ? be it anger at Harry , perhaps , that have stop Dumbledore get in touch with him for month ? the two of them be in this together , after all ; Dumbledore have believe Harry , announce his version of event to the whole school and then to the wide Wizarding community . anyone who think Harry be a liar have to think that Dumbledore be too or else that Dumbledore have be hoodwink . ... they will know we be right in the end , think Harry miserably , as Ron get into bed and extinguish the last candle in the dormitory . but he wonder how many attack like Seamus 's he would have to endure before that time come . Professor Umbridge Seamus dress at top speed next morning and leave the dormitory before Harry have even put on his sock . " do he think he will turn into a nutter if he stay in a room with me too long ? " ask Harry loudly , as the hem of Seamus 's robe whip out of sight . " do n't worry about it , Harry , " Dean mutter , hoist his school-bag onto his shoulder . " he be just ... " but apparently he be unable to say exactly what Seamus be , and after a slightly awkward pause follow him out of the room . Neville and Ron both give Harry it's-his-problem-not-yours look , but Harry be not much console . how much more of this be he go to have to take ? " what be the matter ? " ask Hermione five minute later , catch up with Harry and Ron halfway across the common room as they all head toward breakfast . " you look absolutely -- oh for heaven 's sake . " she be stare at the common room notice board , where a large new sign have be put up . " they be the limit , " say Hermione grimly , take down the sign , which Fred and George have pin up over a poster give the date of the first Hogsmeade weekend in October . " we will have to talk to them , Ron . " Ron look positively alarm . " why ? " " because we be prefect ! " say Hermione , as they climb out through the portrait hole . " it be up to us to stop this kind of thing ! " Ron say nothing ; Harry could tell from his glum expression that the prospect of stop Fred and George do exactly what they like be not one that he find invite . " anyway , what be up , Harry ? " Hermione continue , as they walk down a flight of stair line with portrait of old witch and wizard , all of whom ignore them , be engross in their own conversation . " you look really angry about something . " " Seamus reckon Harry 's lie about You-Know-Who , " say Ron succinctly , when Harry do not respond . Hermione , whom Harry have expect to react angrily on his behalf , sigh . " yes , Lavender think so too , " she say gloomily . " be have a nice little chat with her about whether or not I be a lie , attention-seeking prat , have you ? " Harry say loudly . " no , " say Hermione calmly , " I tell her to keep her big fat mouth shut about you , actually . and it would be quite nice if you stop jump down Ron 's and my throat , Harry , because if you have n't notice , we be on your side . " there be a short pause . " sorry , " say Harry in a low voice . " that be quite all right , " say Hermione with dignity . then she shake her head . " do n't you remember what Dumbledore say at the end-of-term feast last year ? " Harry and Ron both look at her blankly , and Hermione sigh again . " about You-Know-Who . he say , ' his gift for spread discord and enmity be very great . we can fight it only by show an equally strong bond of friendship and trust - ' " " how do you remember stuff like that ? " ask Ron , look at her in admiration . " I listen , Ron , " say Hermione with a touch of asperity . " so do I , but I still could n't tell you exactly what -- " " the point , " Hermione press on loudly , " be that this sort of thing be exactly what Dumbledore be talk about . You-Know-Who have only be back two month , and we have start fight among ourselves . and the Sorting Hat 's warning be the same -- stand together , be unite -- " " and Harry say it last night , " retort Ron , " if that mean we be suppose to get matey with the Slytherins , fat chance . " " well , I think it be a pity we be not try for a bit of inter-House unity , " say Hermione crossly . they have reach the foot of the marble staircase . a line of fourth-year Ravenclaws be cross the entrance hall ; they catch sight of Harry and hurry to form a tight group , as though frighten he might attack straggler . " yeah , we really ought to be try to make friend with people like that , " say Harry sarcastically . they follow the Ravenclaws into the Great Hall , look instinctively at the staff table as they enter . Professor Grubbly-Plank be chat to Professor Sinistra , the Astronomy teacher , and Hagrid be once again conspicuous only by his absence . the enchant ceiling above them echo Harry 's mood ; it be a miserable rain-cloud gray . " Dumbledore do n't even mention how long that Grubbly-Plank woman be stay , " he say , as they make their way across to the Gryffindor table . " maybe ... " say Hermione thoughtfully . " what ? " say both Harry and Ron together . " well ... maybe he do n't want to draw attention to Hagrid not be here . " " what d'you mean , draw attention to it ? " say Ron , half laughing . " how could we not notice ? " before Hermione could answer , a tall black girl with long , braided hair have march up to Harry . " hi , Angelina . " " hi , " she say briskly , " good summer ? " and without wait for an answer , " Listen , I have be make Gryffindor Quidditch Captain . " " nice one , " say Harry , grin at her ; he suspect Angelina 's pep talk might not be as long-winded as Oliver Wood 's have be , which could only be an improvement . " yeah , well , we need a new keeper now Oliver 's left . tryout be on Friday at five o'clock and I want the whole team there , all right ? then we can see how the new person will fit in . " " okay , " say Harry , and she smile at him and depart . " I have forget Wood have leave , " say Hermione vaguely , sit down beside Ron and pull a plate of toast toward her . " I suppose that will make quite a difference to the team ? " " I s'pose , " say Harry , take the bench opposite . " he be a good Keeper . ... " " still , it wo n't hurt to have some new blood , will it ? " say Ron . with a whoosh and a clatter , hundred of owl come soar in through the upper window . they descend all over the Hall , bring letter and package to their owner and shower the breakfaster with droplet of water ; it be clearly rain hard outside . Hedwig be nowhere to be see , but Harry be hardly surprise ; his only correspondent be Sirius , and he doubt Sirius would have anything new to tell him after only twenty-four hour apart . Hermione , however , have to move her orange juice aside quickly to make way for a large damp barn owl bear a sodden Daily Prophet in its beak . " what be you still get that for ? " say Harry irritably , think of Seamus , as Hermione place a Knut in the leather pouch on the owl 's leg and it take off again . " I be not bother ... load of rubbish . " " it be good to know what the enemy be say , " say Hermione darkly , and she unfurl the newspaper and disappear behind it , not emerge until Harry and Ron have finish eat . " nothing , " she say simply , roll up the newspaper and lay it down by her plate . " nothing about you or Dumbledore or anything . " Professor McGonagall be now move along the table hand out schedule . " look at today ! " groan Ron . " history of Magic , double potion , Divination , and double defense against the Dark Art ... Binns , Snape , Trelawney , and that Umbridge woman all in one day ! I wish Fred and George will hurry up and get those Skiving Snackboxes sort . ... " " do mine ear deceive me ? " say Fred , arrive with George and squeeze onto the bench beside Harry . " Hogwarts prefect surely do n't wish to skive off lesson ? " " look what we have get today , " say Ron grumpily , shove his schedule under Fred 's nose . " that be the bad Monday I have ever see . " " fair point , little bro , " say Fred , scan the column . " you can have a bit of Nosebleed Nougat cheap if you like . " " why be it cheap ? " say Ron suspiciously . " because you will keep bleed till you shrivel up , we have n't get an antidote yet , " say George , help himself to a kipper . " cheer , " say Ron moodily , pocket his schedule , " but I think I will take the lesson . " " and speak of your Skiving Snackboxes , " say Hermione , eye Fred and George beadily , " you ca n't advertise for tester on the Gryffindor notice board . " " say who ? " say George , look astonish . " say me , " say Hermione . " and Ron . " " leave me out of it , " say Ron hastily . Hermione glare at him . Fred and George snigger . " you will be sing a different tune soon enough , Hermione , " say Fred , thickly butter a crumpet . " you be start your fifth year , you will be beg us for a Snackbox before long . " " and why would starting fifth year mean I want a Skiving Snackbox ? " ask Hermione . " fifth year 's O.W.L. year , " say George . " so ? " " so you have get your exam come up , have n't you ? they will be keep your nose so hard to that grindstone they will be rub raw , " say Fred with satisfaction . " half our year have minor breakdown come up to O.W.L.s , " say George happily . " tear and tantrum ... Patricia Stimpson keep come over faint . ... " " Kenneth Towler come out in boil , d'you remember ? " say Fred reminiscently . " that be ' cause you put Bulbadox Powder in his pajamas , " say George . " oh yeah , " say Fred , grin . " I have forget . ... hard to keep track sometimes , be n't it ? " " anyway , it be a nightmare of a year , the fifth , " say George . " if you care about exam result anyway . Fred and I manage to keep our spirit up somehow . " " yeah ... you get , what be it , three O.W.L.s each ? " say Ron . " Yep , " say Fred unconcernedly . " but we feel our future lie outside the world of academic achievement . " " we seriously debate whether we be go to bother come back for our seventh year , " say George brightly , " now that we have get -- " he break off at a warning look from Harry , who know George have be about to mention the Triwizard winning he have give them . " - now that we have get our O.W.L.s , " George say hastily . " I mean , do we really need N.E.W.T.s ? but we do n't think Mum could take us leave school early , not on top of Percy turn out to be the world 's big prat . " " we be not go to waste our last year here , though , " say Fred , look affectionately around at the Great Hall . " we be go to use it to do a bit of market research , find out exactly what the average Hogwarts student require from his joke shop , carefully evaluate the result of our research , and then produce the product to fit the demand . " " but where be you go to get the gold to start a joke shop ? " ask Hermione skeptically . " you be go to need all the ingredient and material -- and premise too , I suppose . ... " Harry do not look at the twin . his face feel hot ; he deliberately drop his fork and dive down to retrieve it . he hear Fred say overhead , " Ask us no question and we will tell you no lie , Hermione . C'mon , George , if we get there early we might be able to sell a few extendable Ears before Herbology . " Harry emerge from under the table to see Fred and George walk away , each carry a stack of toast . " what do that mean ? " say Hermione , look from Harry to Ron . " ' Ask us no question ... ' do that mean they have already get some gold to start a joke shop ? " " you know , I have be wonder about that , " say Ron , his brow furrow . " they buy me a new set of dress robe this summer , and I could n't understand where they get the Galleons . ... " Harry decide it be time to steer the conversation out of these dangerous water . " D'you reckon it be true this year be go to be really tough ? because of the exam ? " " oh yeah , " say Ron . " bind to be , be n't it ? O.W.L.s be really important , affect the job you can apply for and everything . we get career advice too , later this year , Bill tell me . so you can choose what N.E.W.T.s you want to do next year . " " D'you know what you want to do after Hogwarts ? " Harry ask the other two , as they leave the Great Hall shortly afterward and set off toward their history of Magic classroom . " not really , " say Ron slowly . " except ... well ... " he look slightly sheepish . " what ? " Harry urge him . " well , it will be cool to be an Auror , " say Ron in an offhand voice . " yeah , it would , " say Harry fervently . " but they be , like , the elite , " say Ron . " you have get to be really good . what about you , Hermione ? " " I do n't know , " say Hermione . " I think I will really like to do something worthwhile . " " an Auror be worthwhile ! " say Harry . " yes , it be , but it be not the only worthwhile thing , " say Hermione thoughtfully . " I mean , if I could take S.P.E.W. further ... " Harry and Ron carefully avoid look at each other . history of Magic be by common consent the most boring subject ever devise by Wizard-kind . Professor Binns , their ghost teacher , have a wheezy , drone voice that be almost guarantee to cause severe drowsiness within ten minute , five in warm weather . he never vary the form of their lesson , but lecture them without pause while they take note , or rather , gaze sleepily into space . Harry and Ron have so far manage to scrape pass in this subject only by copy Hermione 's note before exam ; she alone seem able to resist the soporific power of Binns 's voice . today they suffer through three quarter of an hour be drone on the subject of giant war . Harry hear just enough within the first ten minute to appreciate dimly that in another teacher 's hand this subject might have be mildly interesting , but then his brain disengage , and he spend the remain thirty-five minute play hangman on a corner of his parchment with Ron , while Hermione shoot them filthy look out of the corner of her eye . " how would it be , " she ask them coldly as they leave the classroom for break ( Binns drift away through the blackboard ) , " if I refuse to lend you my note this year ? " " we will fail our O.W.L.s , " say Ron . " if you want that on your conscience , Hermione ... " " well , you will deserve it , " she snap . " you do n't even try to listen to him , do you ? " " we do try , " say Ron . " we just have n't get your brain or your memory or your concentration -- you be just clever than we be -- be it nice to rub it in ? " " oh , do n't give me that rubbish , " say Hermione , but she look slightly mollify as she lead the way out into the damp courtyard . a fine misty drizzle be fall , so that the people stand in huddle around the yard look blur at the edge . Harry , Ron , and Hermione choose a secluded corner under a heavily drip balcony , turn up the collar of their robe against the chilly September air and talk about what Snape be likely to set them in the first lesson of the year . they have get as far as agree that it be likely to be something extremely difficult , just to catch them off guard after a two-month holiday , when someone walk around the corner toward them . " hello , Harry ! " it be Cho Chang and what be more , she be on her own again . this be most unusual : Cho be almost always surround by a gang of giggle girl ; Harry remember the agony of try to get her by herself to ask her to the Yule Ball . " hi , " say Harry , feel his face grow hot . at least you be not cover in Stinksap this time , he tell himself . Cho seem to be think along the same line . " you get that stuff off , then ? " " yeah , " say Harry , try to grin as though the memory of their last meeting be funny as oppose to mortify . " so do you ... er ... have a good summer ? " the moment he have say this he wish he have n't : Cedric have be Cho 's boyfriend and the memory of his death must have affect her holiday almost as badly as it have affect Harry 's . ... something seem to tauten in her face , but she say , " oh , it be all right , you know . ... " " be that a Tornados badge ? " Ron demand suddenly , point at the front of Cho 's robe , to which a sky-blue badge emblazon with a double gold T be pin . " you do n't support them , do you ? " " yeah , I do , " say Cho . " have you always support them , or just since they start win the league ? " say Ron , in what Harry consider an unnecessarily accusatory tone of voice . " I have support them since I be six , " say Cho coolly . " anyway ... see you , Harry . " she walk away . Hermione wait until Cho be halfway across the courtyard before round on Ron . " you be so tactless ! " " what ? I only ask her if -- " " could n't you tell she want to talk to Harry on her own ? " " so ? she could have do , I be n't stop -- " " what on earth be you attack her about her Quidditch team for ? " " attack ? I be n't attack her , I be only -- " " who care if she support the Tornados ? " " oh , come on , half the people you see wear those badge only buy them last season -- " " but what do it matter ? " " it mean they be not real fan , they be just jump on the bandwagon -- " " that be the bell , " say Harry listlessly , because Ron and Hermione be bicker too loudly to hear it . they do not stop argue all the way down to Snape 's dungeon , which give Harry plenty of time to reflect that between Neville and Ron he would be lucky ever to have two minute ' conversation with Cho that he could look back on without want to leave the country . and yet , he think , as they join the queue line up outside Snape 's classroom door , she have choose to come and talk to him , have n't she ? she have be Cedric 's girlfriend ; she could easily have hate Harry for come out of the Triwizard maze alive when Cedric have die , yet she be talk to him in a perfectly friendly way , not as though she think him mad , or a liar , or in some horrible way responsible for Cedric 's death . ... Yes , she have definitely choose to come and talk to him , and that make the second time in two day ... and at this thought , Harry 's spirit rise . even the ominous sound of Snape 's dungeon door creak open do not puncture the small , hopeful bubble that seem to have swell in his chest . he file into the classroom behind Ron and Hermione and follow them to their usual table at the back , ignore the huffy , irritable noise now issue from both of them . " settle down , " say Snape coldly , shut the door behind him . there be no real need for the call to order ; the moment the class have hear the door close , quiet have fall and all fidget stop . Snape 's mere presence be usually enough to ensure a class 's silence . " before we begin today 's lesson , " say Snape , sweep over to his desk and stare around at them all , " I think it appropriate to remind you that next June you will be sit an important examination , during which you will prove how much you have learn about the composition and use of magical potion . moronic though some of this class undoubtedly be , I expect you to scrape an ' acceptable ' in your O.W.L. , or suffer my ... displeasure . " his gaze linger this time upon Neville , who gulp . " after this year , of course , many of you will cease study with me , " Snape go on . " I take only the very good into my N.E.W.T. potion class , which mean that some of us will certainly be say good-bye . " his eye rest on Harry and his lip curl . Harry glare back , feel a grim pleasure at the idea that he would be able to give up potion after fifth year . " but we have another year to go before that happy moment of farewell , " say Snape softly , " so whether you be intend to attempt N.E.W.T. or not , I advise all of you to concentrate your effort upon maintain the high-pass level I have come to expect from my O.W.L. student . " today we will be mix a potion that often come up at Ordinary Wizarding Level : the draught of Peace , a potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation . be warn : if you be too heavy-handed with the ingredient you will put the drinker into a heavy and sometimes irreversible sleep , so you will need to pay close attention to what you be do . " on Harry 's left , Hermione sit up a little straight , her expression one of the utmost attentiveness . " the ingredient and method " -- Snape flick his wand -- " be on the blackboard " -- ( they appear there ) -- " you will find everything you need " -- he flick his wand again -- " in the store cupboard " -- ( the door of the say cupboard spring open ) -- " you have an hour and a half . ... Start . " just as Harry , Ron , and Hermione have predict , Snape could hardly have set them a more difficult , fiddly potion . the ingredient have to be add to the cauldron in precisely the right order and quantity ; the mixture have to be stir exactly the right number of time , firstly in clockwise , then in counterclockwise direction ; the heat of the flame on which it be simmer have to be lower to exactly the right level for a specific number of minute before the final ingredient be add . " a light silver vapor should now be rise from your potion , " call Snape , with ten minute leave to go . Harry , who be sweat profusely , look desperately around the dungeon . his own cauldron be issue copious amount of dark gray steam ; Ron 's be spit green spark . Seamus be feverishly prod the flame at the base of his cauldron with the tip of his wand , as they have go out . the surface of Hermione 's potion , however , be a shimmer mist of silver vapor , and as Snape sweep by he look down his hooked nose at it without comment , which mean that he could find nothing to criticize . at Harry 's cauldron , however , Snape stop , look down at Harry with a horrible smirk on his face . " Potter , what be this suppose to be ? " the Slytherins at the front of the class all look up eagerly ; they love hear Snape taunt Harry . " the draught of peace , " say Harry tensely . " tell me , Potter , " say Snape softly , " can you read ? " Draco Malfoy laugh . " yes , I can , " say Harry , his finger clench tightly around his wand . " read the third line of the instruction for me , Potter . " Harry squint at the blackboard ; it be not easy to make out the instruction through the haze of multicolored steam now fill the dungeon . " ' add powdered moonstone , stir three time counterclockwise , allow to simmer for seven minute , then add two drop of syrup of hellebore . ' " his heart sink . he have not add syrup of hellebore , but have proceed straight to the fourth line of the instruction after allow his potion to simmer for seven minute . " do you do everything on the third line , Potter ? " " no , " say Harry very quietly . " I beg your pardon ? " " no , " say Harry , more loudly . " I forget the hellebore . ... " " I know you do , Potter , which mean that this mess be utterly worthless . Evanesco . " the content of Harry 's potion vanish ; he be leave stand foolishly beside an empty cauldron . " those of you who have manage to read the instruction , fill one flagon with a sample of your potion , label it clearly with your name , and bring it up to my desk for testing , " say Snape . " homework : twelve inch of parchment on the property of moonstone and its use in potion-making , to be hand in on Thursday . " while everyone around him fill their flagon , Harry clear away his thing , seething . his potion have be no bad than Ron 's , which be now give off a foul odor of bad egg , or Neville 's , which have achieve the consistency of just-mixed cement and which Neville be now have to gouge out of his cauldron , yet it be he , Harry , who would be receive zero mark for the day 's work . he stuff his wand back into his bag and slump down onto his seat , watch everyone else march up to Snape 's desk with fill and cork flagon . when at long last the bell ring , Harry be first out of the dungeon and have already start his lunch by the time Ron and Hermione join him in the Great Hall . the ceiling have turn an even murky gray during the morning . rain be lash the high window . " that be really unfair , " say Hermione consolingly , sit down next to Harry and help herself to shepherd 's pie . " your potion be n't nearly as bad as Goyle 's , when he put it in his flagon the whole thing shatter and set his robe on fire . " " yeah , well , " say Harry , glower at his plate , " since when have Snape ever be fair to me ? " neither of the other answer ; all three of them know that Snape and Harry 's mutual enmity have be absolute from the moment Harry have set foot in Hogwarts . " I do think he might be a bit well this year , " say Hermione in a disappointed voice . " I mean ... you know ... " she look carefully around ; there be half a dozen empty seat on either side of them and nobody be pass the table . " ... now he be in the order and everything . " " poisonous toadstool do n't change their spot , " say Ron sagely . " anyway , I have always think Dumbledore be crack trust Snape , where be the evidence he ever really stop work for You-Know-Who ? " " I think Dumbledore 's probably get plenty of evidence , even if he do n't share it with you , Ron , " snap Hermione . " oh , shut up , the pair of you , " say Harry heavily , as Ron open his mouth to argue back . Hermione and Ron both freeze , look angry and offend . " can n't you give it a rest ? " he say . " you be always have a go at each other , it be drive me mad . " and abandon his shepherd 's pie , he swing his schoolbag back over his shoulder and leave them sit there . he walk up the marble staircase two step at a time , past the many student hurry toward lunch . the anger that have just flare so unexpectedly still blaze inside him , and the vision of Ron and Hermione 's shocked face afford him a sense of deep satisfaction . serve them right , he think . why ca n't they give it a rest ? ... bicker all the time ... it be enough to drive anyone up the wall . ... he pass the large picture of Sir Cadogan the knight on a landing ; Sir Cadogan draw his sword and brandish it fiercely at Harry , who ignore him . " come back , you scurvy dog , stand fast and fight ! " yell Sir Cadogan in a muffle voice from behind his visor , but Harry merely walk on , and when Sir Cadogan attempt to follow him by run into a neighboring picture , he be rebuff by its inhabitant , a large and angry-looking wolfhound . Harry spend the rest of the lunch hour sit alone underneath the trapdoor at the top of North Tower , and consequently he be the first to ascend the silver ladder that lead to Sibyll Trelawney 's classroom when the bell ring . divination be Harry 's least favorite class after potion , which be due mainly to Professor Trelawney 's habit of predict his premature death every few lesson . a thin woman , heavily drape in shawl and glitter with string of bead , she always remind Harry of some kind of insect , with her glass hugely magnify her eye . she be busy put copy of battered , leather-bound book on each of the spindly little table with which her room be litter when Harry enter the room , but so dim be the light cast by the lamp cover by scarves and the low-burning , sickly-scented fire that she appear not to notice him as he take a seat in the shadow . the rest of the class arrive over the next five minute . Ron emerge from the trapdoor , look around carefully , spot Harry and make directly for him , or as directly as he could while have to wend his way between table , chair , and overstuff pouf . " Hermione and me have stop argue , " he say , sit down beside Harry . " good , " grunt Harry . " but Hermione say she think it would be nice if you stop take out your temper on us , " say Ron . " I be not -- " " I be just pass on the message , " say Ron , talk over him . " but I reckon she be right . it be not our fault how Seamus and Snape treat you . " " I never say it -- " " good day , " say Professor Trelawney in her usual misty , dreamy voice , and Harry break off , feel both annoyed and slightly ashamed of himself again . " and welcome back to Divination . I have , of course , be follow your fortune most carefully over the holiday , and be delight to see that you have all return to Hogwarts safely -- as , of course , I know you would . " you will find on the table before you copy of the dream Oracle , by Inigo Imago . dream interpretation be a most important mean of divine the future and one that may very probably be test in your O.W.L. not , of course , that I believe examination pass or failure be of the remote importance when it come to the sacred art of divination . if you have the Seeing Eye , certificate and grade matter very little . however , the headmaster like you to sit the examination , so ... " her voice trail away delicately , leave them all in no doubt that Professor Trelawney consider her subject above such sordid matter as examination . " turn , please , to the introduction and read what Imago have to say on the matter of dream interpretation . then divide into pair . use the dream Oracle to interpret each other 's most recent dream . carry on . the one good thing to be say for this lesson be that it be not a double period . by the time they have all finish read the introduction of the book , they have barely ten minute leave for dream interpretation . at the table next to Harry and Ron , Dean have pair up with Neville , who immediately embark on a long-winded explanation of a nightmare involve a pair of giant scissors wear his grandmother 's good hat ; Harry and Ron merely look at each other glumly . " I never remember my dream , " say Ron . " you say one . " " you must remember one of them , " say Harry impatiently . he be not go to share his dream with anyone . he know perfectly well what his regular nightmare about a graveyard mean , he do not need Ron or Professor Trelawney or the stupid dream Oracle to tell him that . ... " well , I have one that I be play Quidditch the other night , " say Ron , screw up his face in an effort to remember . " what d'you reckon that mean ? " " probably that you be go to be eat by a giant marshmallow or something , " say Harry , turn the page of the dream Oracle without interest . it be very dull work look up bit of dream in the Oracle and Harry be not cheer up when Professor Trelawney set them the task of keep a dream diary for a month as homework . when the bell go , he and Ron lead the way back down the ladder , Ron grumble loudly . " D'you realize how much homework we have get already ? Binns set us a foot-and-a-half-long essay on giant war , Snape want a foot on the use of moonstone , and now we have get a month 's dream diary from Trelawney ! Fred and George be n't wrong about O.W.L. year , be they ? that Umbridge woman have well not give us any . ... " when they enter the defense against the Dark Arts classroom they find Professor Umbridge already seat at the teacher 's desk , wear the fluffy pink cardigan of the night before and the black velvet bow on top of her head . Harry be again remind forcibly of a large fly perch unwisely on top of an even large toad . the class be quiet as it enter the room ; Professor Umbridge be , as yet , an unknown quantity and nobody know yet how strict a disciplinarian she be likely to be . " well , good afternoon ! " she say when finally the whole class have sit down . a few people mumble " good afternoon , " in reply . " tut , tut , " say Professor Umbridge . " that wo n't do , now , will it ? I should like you , please , to reply ' good afternoon , Professor Umbridge . ' one more time , please . good afternoon , class ! " " good afternoon , Professor Umbridge , " they chant back at her . " there , now , " say Professor Umbridge sweetly . " that be n't too difficult , be it ? wand away and quill out , please . " many of the class exchange gloomy look ; the order " wand away " have never yet be follow by a lesson they have find interesting . Harry shove his wand back inside his bag and pull out quill , ink , and parchment . Professor Umbridge open her handbag , extract her own wand , which be an unusually short one , and tap the blackboard sharply with it ; word appear on the board at once : " well now , your teaching in this subject have be rather disrupt and fragment , have n't it ? " state Professor Umbridge , turn to face the class with her hand clasp neatly in front of her . " the constant changing of teacher , many of whom do not seem to have follow any Ministry-approved curriculum , have unfortunately result in your be far below the standard we would expect to see in your O.W.L. year . " you will be please to know , however , that these problem be now to be rectify . we will be follow a carefully structured , theory-centered , Ministry-approved course of defensive magic this year . copy down the follow , please . " she rap the blackboard again ; the first message vanish and be replace by : for a couple of minute the room be full of the sound of scratch quill on parchment . when everyone have copy down Professor Umbridge 's three course aim she say , " have everybody get a copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard ? " there be a dull murmur of assent throughout the class . " I think we will try that again , " say Professor Umbridge . " when I ask you a question , I should like you to reply ' Yes , Professor Umbridge , ' or ' no , Professor Umbridge . ' so , have everyone get a copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard ? " " yes , Professor Umbridge , " ring through the room . " good , " say Professor Umbridge . " I should like you to turn to page five and read chapter one , ' Basics for Beginners . ' there will be no need to talk . " Professor Umbridge leave the blackboard and settle herself in the chair behind the teacher 's desk , observe them all with those pouchy toad 's eye . Harry turn to page five of his copy of Defensive Magical Theory and start to read . it be desperately dull , quite as bad as listen to Professor Binns . he feel his concentration slide away from him ; he have soon read the same line half a dozen time without take in more than the first few word . several silent minute pass . next to him , Ron be absent-mindedly turn his quill over and over in his finger , stare at the same spot on the page . Harry look right and receive a surprise to shake him out of his torpor . Hermione have not even open her copy of Defensive Magical Theory . she be stare fixedly at Professor Umbridge with her hand in the air . Harry could not remember Hermione ever neglect to read when instruct to , or indeed resist the temptation to open any book that come under her nose . he look at her questioningly , but she merely shake her head slightly to indicate that she be not about to answer question , and continue to stare at Professor Umbridge , who be look just as resolutely in another direction . after several more minute have pass , however , Harry be not the only one watching Hermione . the chapter they have be instruct to read be so tedious that more and more people be choose to watch Hermione 's mute attempt to catch Professor Umbridge 's eye than to struggle on with " Basics for Beginners . " when more than half the class be stare at Hermione rather than at their book , Professor Umbridge seem to decide that she could ignore the situation no longer . " do you want to ask something about the chapter , dear ? " she ask Hermione , as though she have only just notice her . " not about the chapter , no , " say Hermione . " well , we be read just now , " say Professor Umbridge , show her small , pointed tooth . " if you have other query we can deal with them at the end of class . " " I have get a query about your course aim , " say Hermione . Professor Umbridge raise her eyebrow . " and your name be -- ? " " Hermione Granger , " say Hermione . " well , Miss Granger , I think the course aim be perfectly clear if you read them through carefully , " say Professor Umbridge in a voice of determine sweetness . " well , I do n't , " say Hermione bluntly . " there be nothing write up there about use defensive spell . " there be a short silence in which many member of the class turn their head to frown at the three course aim still write on the blackboard . " use defensive spell ? " Professor Umbridge repeat with a little laugh . " why , I ca n't imagine any situation arise in my classroom that would require you to use a defensive spell , Miss Granger . you surely be n't expect to be attack during class ? " " we be not go to use magic ? " Ron ejaculate loudly . " student raise their hand when they wish to speak in my class , Mr. -- ? " " Weasley , " say Ron , thrust his hand into the air . Professor Umbridge , smile still more widely , turn her back on him . Harry and Hermione immediately raise their hand too . Professor Umbridge 's pouchy eye linger on Harry for a moment before she address Hermione . " yes , Miss Granger ? you want to ask something else ? " " yes , " say Hermione . " surely the whole point of Defense against the Dark Art be to practice defensive spell ? " " be you a Ministry-trained educational expert , Miss Granger ? " ask Professor Umbridge in her falsely sweet voice . " no , but -- " " well then , I be afraid you be not qualify to decide what the ' whole point ' of any class be . wizard much old and clever than you have devise our new program of study . you will be learn about defensive spell in a secure , risk-free way -- " " what use be that ? " say Harry loudly . " if we be go to be attack it wo n't be in a -- " " Hand , Mr. Potter ! " sing Professor Umbridge . Harry thrust his fist in the air . Professor Umbridge promptly turn away from him again , but now several other people have their hand up too . " and your name be ? " Professor Umbridge say to Dean . " Dean Thomas . " " well , Mr. Thomas ? " " well , it be like Harry say , be n't it ? " say Dean . " if we be go to be attack , it wo n't be risk-free -- " " I repeat , " say Professor Umbridge , smile in a very irritate fashion at Dean , " do you expect to be attack during my class ? " " no , but -- " Professor Umbridge talk over him . " I do not wish to criticize the way thing have be run in this school , " she say , an unconvincing smile stretch her wide mouth , " but you have be expose to some very irresponsible wizard in this class , very irresponsible indeed -- not to mention , " she give a nasty little laugh , " extremely dangerous half-breed . " " if you mean Professor Lupin , " pipe up Dean Thomas angrily , " he be the good we ever -- " " Hand , Mr. Thomas ! as I be say -- you have be introduce to spell that have be complex , inappropriate to your age group , and potentially lethal . you have be frighten into believe that you be likely to meet dark attack every other day -- " " no we have n't , " Hermione say , " we just -- " " your hand be not up , Miss Granger ! " Hermione put up her hand ; Professor Umbridge turn away from her . " it be my understanding that my predecessor not only perform illegal curse in front of you , he actually perform them on you -- " " well , he turn out to be a maniac , do n't he ? " say Dean Thomas hotly . " mind you , we still learn load -- " " your hand be not up , Mr. Thomas ! " trill Professor Umbridge . " now , it be the view of the Ministry that a theoretical knowledge will be more than sufficient to get you through your examination , which , after all , be what school be all about . and your name be ? " she add , stare at Parvati , whose hand have just shoot up . " Parvati Patil , and be n't there a practical bit in our defense against the Dark Art O.W.L. ? be n't we suppose to show that we can actually do the countercurses and thing ? " " as long as you have study the theory hard enough , there be no reason why you should not be able to perform the spell under carefully control examination condition , " say Professor Umbridge dismissively . " without ever practice them before ? " say Parvati incredulously . " be you tell us that the first time we will get to do the spell will be during our exam ? " " I repeat , as long as you have study the theory hard enough -- " " and what good 's theory go to be in the real world ? " say Harry loudly , his fist in the air again . Professor Umbridge look up . " this be school , Mr. Potter , not the real world , " she say softly . " so we be not suppose to be prepare for what be wait out there ? " " there be nothing wait out there , Mr. Potter . " " oh yeah ? " say Harry . his temper , which seem to have be bubble just beneath the surface all day , be reach boiling point . " who do you imagine want to attack child like yourselves ? " inquire Professor Umbridge in a horribly honeyed voice . " hmm , let be think ... " say Harry in a mock thoughtful voice , " maybe Lord Voldemort ? " Ron gasp ; Lavender Brown utter a little scream ; Neville slip sideways off his stool . Professor Umbridge , however , do not flinch . she be stare at Harry with a grimly satisfy expression on her face . " ten point from Gryffindor , Mr. Potter . " the classroom be silent and still . everyone be stare at either Umbridge or Harry . " now , let me make a few thing quite plain . " Professor Umbridge stand up and lean toward them , her stubby-fingered hand splay on her desk . " you have be tell that a certain dark wizard have return from the dead -- " " he be n't dead , " say Harry angrily , " but yeah , he be return ! " " Mr.-Potter-you-have-already-lost-your-House-ten-points-do-not-make-matters-worse-for-yourself , " say Professor Umbridge in one breath without look at him . " as I be say , you have be inform that a certain dark wizard be at large once again . this be a lie . " " it be NOT a lie ! " say Harry . " I see him , I fight him ! " " detention , Mr. Potter ! " say Professor Umbridge triumphantly . " tomorrow evening . five o'clock . my office . I repeat , this be a lie . the Ministry of Magic guarantee that you be not in danger from any dark wizard . if you be still worry , by all mean come and see me outside class hour . if someone be alarm you with fib about reborn dark wizard , I would like to hear about it . I be here to help . I be your friend . and now , you will kindly continue your reading . page five , ' Basics for Beginners . ' " Professor Umbridge sit down behind her desk again . Harry , however , stand up . everyone be stare at him ; Seamus look half-scared , half-fascinated . " Harry , no ! " Hermione whisper in a warning voice , tug at his sleeve , but Harry jerk his arm out of her reach . " so , accord to you , Cedric Diggory drop dead of his own accord , do he ? " Harry ask , his voice shake . there be a collective intake of breath from the class , for none of them , apart from Ron and Hermione , have ever hear Harry talk about what have happen on the night that Cedric have die . they stare avidly from Harry to Professor Umbridge , who have raise her eye and be stare at him without a trace of a fake smile on her face . " Cedric Diggory 's death be a tragic accident , " she say coldly . " it be murder , " say Harry . he could feel himself shake . he have hardly talk to anyone about this , least of all thirty eagerly listen classmate . " Voldemort kill him , and you know it . " Professor Umbridge 's face be quite blank . for a moment he think she be go to scream at him . then she say , in her soft , most sweetly girlish voice , " come here , Mr. Potter , dear . " he kick his chair aside , stride around Ron and Hermione and up to the teacher 's desk . he could feel the rest of the class hold its breath . he feel so angry he do not care what happen next . Professor Umbridge pull a small roll of pink parchment out of her handbag , stretch it out on the desk , dip her quill into a bottle of ink , and start scribble , hunch over so that Harry could not see what she be write . nobody speak . after a minute or so she roll up the parchment and tap it with her wand ; it seal itself seamlessly so that he could not open it . " take this to Professor McGonagall , dear , " say Professor Umbridge , hold out the note to him . he take it from her without say a word and leave the room , not even look back at Ron and Hermione , and slam the classroom door shut behind him . he walk very fast along the corridor , the note to McGonagall clutch tight in his hand , and turn a corner walk slap into Peeves the Poltergeist , a wide-faced little man float on his back in midair , juggle several inkwell . " why , it be Potty Wee Potter ! " cackle Peeves , allow two of the inkwell to fall to the ground where they smash and spatter the wall with ink ; Harry jump backward out of the way with a snarl . " get out of it , Peeves . " " Oooh , Crackpot 's feel cranky , " say Peeves , pursue Harry along the corridor , leer as he zoom along above him . " what be it this time , my fine Potty friend ? hearing voice ? see vision ? speak in " -- Peeves blow a gigantic raspberry -- " tongue ? " " I say , leave me ALONE ! " Harry shout , run down the near flight of stair , but Peeves merely slide down the banister on his back beside him . " oh , most think he be bark , the Potty wee lad , but some be more kindly and think he be just sad , but Peevesy know well and say that he be mad -- " " SHUT UP ! " a door to his left fly open and Professor McGonagall emerge from her office look grim and slightly harass . " what on earth be you shout about , Potter ? " she snap , as Peeves cackle gleefully and zoom out of sight . " why be n't you in class ? " " I have be send to see you , " say Harry stiffly . " send ? what do you mean , send ? " he hold out the note from Professor Umbridge . Professor McGonagall take it from him , frown , slit it open with a tap of her wand , stretch it out , and begin to read . her eye zoom from side to side behind their square spectacle as she read what Umbridge have write , and with each line they become narrow . " come in here , Potter . " he follow her inside her study . the door close automatically behind him . " well ? " say Professor McGonagall , round on him . " be this true ? " " be what true ? " Harry ask , rather more aggressively than he have intend . " professor ? " he add in an attempt to sound more polite . " be it true that you shout at Professor Umbridge ? " " yes , " say Harry . " you call her a liar ? " " yes . " " you tell her He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be back ? " " yes . " Professor McGonagall sit down behind her desk , frown at Harry . then she say , " have a biscuit , Potter . " " have -- what ? " " have a biscuit , " she repeat impatiently , indicate a tartan tin of cookie lie on top of one of the pile of paper on her desk . " and sit down . " there have be a previous occasion when Harry , expect to be cane by Professor McGonagall , have instead be appoint by her to the Gryffindor Quidditch team . he sink into a chair opposite her and help himself to a Ginger Newt , feel just as confuse and wrong-foot as he have do on that occasion . Professor McGonagall set down Professor Umbridge 's note and look very seriously at Harry . " Potter , you need to be careful . " Harry swallow his mouthful of Ginger Newt and stare at her . her tone of voice be not at all what he be use to ; it be not brisk , crisp , and stern ; it be low and anxious and somehow much more human than usual . " misbehavior in Dolores Umbridge 's class could cost you much more than House point and a detention . " " what do you -- ? " " Potter , use your common sense , " snap Professor McGonagall , with an abrupt return to her usual manner . " you know where she come from , you must know to whom she be report . " the bell ring for the end of the lesson . overhead and all around come the elephantine sound of hundred of student on the move . " it say here she have give you detention every evening this week , start tomorrow , " Professor McGonagall say , look down at Umbridge 's note again . " every evening this week ! " Harry repeat , horrify . " but , Professor , could n't you -- ? " " no , I could n't , " say Professor McGonagall flatly . " but -- " " she be your teacher and have every right to give you detention . you will go to her room at five o'clock tomorrow for the first one . just remember : tread carefully around Dolores Umbridge . " " but I be tell the truth ! " say Harry , outrage . " Voldemort 's back , you know he be , Professor Dumbledore know he be -- " " for heaven 's sake , Potter ! " say Professor McGonagall , straighten her glass angrily ( she have wince horribly when he have use Voldemort 's name ) . " do you really think this be about truth or lie ? it be about keep your head down and your temper under control ! " she stand up , nostril wide and mouth very thin , and he stand too . " have another biscuit , " she say irritably , thrust the tin at him . " no , thanks , " say Harry coldly . " do n't be ridiculous , " she snap . he take one . " thanks , " he say grudgingly . " do n't you listen to Dolores Umbridge 's speech at the start-of-term feast , Potter ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " yeah ... she say ... progress will be prohibit or ... well , it mean that ... that the Ministry of Magic be try to interfere at Hogwarts . " Professor McGonagall eye him for a moment , then sniff , walk around her desk , and hold open the door for him . " well , I be glad you listen to Hermione Granger at any rate , " she say , point him out of her office . detention with Dolores Dinner in the Great Hall that night be not a pleasant experience for Harry . the news about his shout match with Umbridge seem to have travel exceptionally fast even by Hogwarts standard . he hear whisper all around him as he sit eat between Ron and Hermione . the funny thing be that none of the whisperer seem to mind him overhear what they be say about him -- on the contrary , it be as though they be hope he would get angry and start shout again , so that they could hear his story firsthand . " he say he see Cedric Diggory murder . ... " " he reckon he duel with You-Know-Who . ... " " come off it . ... " " who do he think he be kid ? " " Pur-lease ... " " what I do n't get , " say Harry in a shake voice , lay down his knife and fork ( his hand be tremble too much to hold them steady ) , " be why they all believe the story two month ago when Dumbledore tell them . ... " " the thing be , Harry , I be not sure they do , " say Hermione grimly . " oh , let be get out of here . " she slam down her own knife and fork ; Ron look sadly at his half-finished apple pie but follow suit . people stare at them all the way out of the Hall . " what d'you mean , you be not sure they believe Dumbledore ? " Harry ask Hermione when they reach the first-floor landing . " look , you do n't understand what it be like after it happen , " say Hermione quietly . " you arrive back in the middle of the lawn clutch Cedric 's dead body . ... none of us see what happen in the maze . ... we just have Dumbledore 's word for it that You-Know-Who have come back and kill Cedric and fight you . " " which be the truth ! " say Harry loudly . " I know it be , Harry , so will you please stop bite my head off ? " say Hermione wearily . " it be just that before the truth could sink in , everyone go home for the summer , where they spend two month read about how you be a nutcase and Dumbledore 's go senile ! " rain pound on the windowpane as they stride along the empty corridor back to Gryffindor Tower . Harry feel as though his first day have last a week , but he still have a mountain of homework to do before bed . a dull pound pain be develop over his right eye . he glance out of a rain-washed window at the dark ground as they turn into the Fat Lady 's corridor . there be still no light in Hagrid 's cabin . " Mimbulus mimbletonia , " say Hermione , before the Fat Lady could ask . the portrait swing open to reveal the hole behind and the three of them scramble back through it . the common room be almost empty ; nearly everyone be still down at dinner . Crookshanks uncoil himself from an armchair and trot to meet them , purr loudly , and when Harry , Ron , and Hermione take their three favorite chair at the fireside he leap lightly into Hermione 's lap and curl up there like a furry ginger cushion . Harry gaze into the flame , feel drain and exhaust . " how can Dumbledore have let this happen ? " Hermione cry suddenly , make Harry and Ron jump ; Crookshanks leap off her , look affront . she pound the arm of her chair in fury , so that bit of stuff leak out of the hole . " how can he let that terrible woman teach us ? and in our O.W.L. year too ! " " well , we have never have great defense against the dark Arts teacher , have we ? " say Harry . " you know what it be like , Hagrid tell us , nobody want the job , they say it be jinx . " " yes , but to employ someone who be actually refuse to let us do magic ! what be Dumbledore play at ? " " and she be try to get people to spy for her , " say Ron darkly . " remember when she say she want us to come and tell her if we hear anyone say You-Know-Who 's back ? " " of course she be here to spy on us all , that be obvious , why else would Fudge have want her to come ? " snap Hermione . " do n't start argue again , " say Harry wearily , as Ron open his mouth to retaliate . " can n't we just ... Let 's just do that homework , get it out of the way . ... " they collect their schoolbags from a corner and return to the chair by the fire . people be come back from dinner now . Harry keep his face avert from the portrait hole , but could still sense the stare he be attract . " shall we do Snape 's stuff first ? " say Ron , dip his quill into his ink . " ' the property ... of moonstone ... and its use ... in potion-making ... ' " he mutter , write the word across the top of his parchment as he speak them . " there . " he underline the title , then look up expectantly at Hermione . " so what be the property of moonstone and its use in potion-making ? " but Hermione be not listen ; she be squint over into the far corner of the room , where Fred , George , and Lee Jordan be now sit at the center of a knot of innocent-looking first year , all of whom be chew something that seem to have come out of a large paper bag that Fred be hold . " no , I be sorry , they have go too far , " she say , stand up and look positively furious . " come on , Ron . " " I -- what ? " say Ron , plainly play for time . " no -- come on , Hermione -- we ca n't tell them off for give out sweet . ... " " you know perfectly well that those be bit of Nosebleed Nougat or -- or Puking Pastilles or -- " " Fainting Fancies ? " Harry suggest quietly . one by one , as though hit over the head with invisible mallet , the first year be slump unconscious in their seat ; some slide right onto the floor , other merely hang over the arm of their chair , their tongue loll out . most of the people watching be laugh ; Hermione , however , square her shoulder and march directly over to where Fred and George now stand with clipboard , closely observe the unconscious first year . Ron rise halfway out of his chair , hover uncertainly for a moment or two , then mutter to Harry , " she have get it under control , " before sink as low in his chair as his lanky frame permit . " that be enough ! " Hermione say forcefully to Fred and George , both of whom look up in mild surprise . " yeah , you be right , " say George , nod , " this dosage look strong enough , do n't it ? " " I tell you this morning , you ca n't test your rubbish on student ! " " we be pay them ! " say Fred indignantly . " I do n't care , it could be dangerous ! " " rubbish , " say Fred . " calm down , Hermione , they be fine ! " say Lee reassuringly as he walk from first year to first year , insert purple sweet into their open mouth . " yeah , look , they be come round now , " say George . a few of the first year be indeed stir . several look so shocked to find themselves lie on the floor , or dangle off their chair , that Harry be sure Fred and George have not warn them what the sweet be go to do . " feel all right ? " say George kindly to a small dark-haired girl lie at his foot . " I-I think so , " she say shakily . " excellent , " say Fred happily , but the next second Hermione have snatch both his clipboard and the paper bag of Fainting Fancies from his hand . " it be NOT excellent ! " " ' Course it be , they be alive , be n't they ? " say Fred angrily . " you ca n't do this , what if you make one of them really ill ? " " we be not go to make them ill , we have already test them all on ourselves , this be just to see if everyone react the same -- " " if you do n't stop do it , I be go to -- " " put us in detention ? " say Fred in an I'd-like-to-see-you-try-it voice . " make us write line ? " say George , smirk . onlooker all over the room be laugh . Hermione draw herself up to her full height ; her eye be narrow and her bushy hair seem to crackle with electricity . " no , " she say , her voice quiver with anger , " but I will write to your mother . " " you would n't , " say George , horrify , take a step back from her . " oh , yes , I would , " say Hermione grimly . " I ca n't stop you eat the stupid thing yourselves , but you be not give them to first year . " Fred and George look thunderstruck . it be clear that as far as they be concern , Hermione 's threat be way below the belt . with a last threatening look at them , she thrust Fred 's clipboard and the bag of fancy back into his arm and stalk back to her chair by the fire . Ron be now so low in his seat that his nose be roughly level with his knee . " thank you for your support , Ron , " Hermione say acidly . " you handle it fine by yourself , " Ron mumble . Hermione stare down at her blank piece of parchment for a few second , then say edgily , " oh , it be no good , I ca n't concentrate now . I be go to bed . " she wrench her bag open ; Harry think she be about to put her book away , but instead she pull out two misshapen woolly object , place them carefully on a table by the fireplace , cover them with a few screwed-up bit of parchment and a break quill , and stand back to admire the effect . " what in the name of Merlin be you do ? " say Ron , watch her as though fearful for her sanity . " they be hat for house-elves , " she say briskly , now stuff her book back into her bag . " I do them over the summer . I be a really slow knitter without magic , but now I be back at school I should be able to make lot more . " " you be leave out hat for the house-elves ? " say Ron slowly . " and you be cover them up with rubbish first ? " " yes , " say Hermione defiantly , swing her bag onto her back . " that be not on , " say Ron angrily . " you be try to trick them into pick up the hat . you be set them free when they might not want to be free . " " of course they want to be free ! " say Hermione at once , though her face be turn pink . " do n't you dare touch those hat , Ron ! " she leave . Ron wait until she have disappear through the door to the girl ' dormitory , then clear the rubbish off the woolly hat . " they should at least see what they be pick up , " he say firmly . " anyway ... " he roll up the parchment on which he have write the title of Snape 's essay . " there be no point try to finish this now , I ca n't do it without Hermione , I have n't get a clue what you be suppose to do with moonstone , have you ? " Harry shake his head , notice as he do so that the ache in his right temple be get bad . he think of the long essay on giant war and the pain stab at him sharply . know perfectly well that he would regret not finish his homework tonight when the morning come , he pile his book back into his bag . " I be go to bed too . " he pass Seamus on the way to the door lead to the dormitory , but do not look at him . Harry have a fleeting impression that Seamus have open his mouth to speak , but speed up , and reach the soothing peace of the stone spiral staircase without have to endure any more provocation . the follow day dawn just as leaden and rainy as the previous one . Hagrid be still absent from the staff table at breakfast . " but on the plus side , no Snape today , " say Ron bracingly . Hermione yawn widely and pour herself some coffee . she look mildly pleased about something , and when Ron ask her what she have to be so happy about , she simply say , " the hat have go . seem the house-elves do want freedom after all . " " I would n't bet on it , " Ron tell her cuttingly . " they might not count as clothes . they do n't look anything like hat to me , more like woolly bladder . " Hermione do not speak to him all morning . double charm be succeed by double transfiguration . Professor Flitwick and Professor McGonagall both spend the first fifteen minute of their lesson lecture the class on the importance of O.W.L.s. " what you must remember , " say little Professor Flitwick squeakily , perch as ever on a pile of book so that he could see over the top of his desk , " be that these examination may influence your future for many year to come ! if you have not already give serious thought to your career , now be the time to do so . and in the meantime , I be afraid , we shall be work harder than ever to ensure that you all do yourselves justice ! " they then spend more than an hour review Summoning Charms , which accord to Professor Flitwick be bind to come up in their O.W.L. , and he round off the lesson by set them their large amount of Charms homework ever . it be the same , if not bad , in Transfiguration . " you can pass an O.W.L. , " say Professor McGonagall grimly , " without serious application , practice , and study . I see no reason why everybody in this class should not achieve an O.W.L. in Transfiguration as long as they put in the work . " Neville make a sad little disbelieve noise . " yes , you too , Longbottom , " say Professor McGonagall . " there be nothing wrong with your work except lack of confidence . so ... today we be start Vanishing Spells . these be easy than Conjuring Spells , which you would not usually attempt until N.E.W.T. level , but they be still among the most difficult magic you will be test on in your O.W.L. " she be quite right ; Harry find the Vanishing Spells horribly difficult . by the end of a double period , neither he nor Ron have manage to vanish the snail on which they be practice , though Ron say hopefully that he think his look a bit pale . Hermione , on the other hand , successfully vanish her snail on the third attempt , earn her a ten-point bonus for Gryffindor from Professor McGonagall . she be the only person not give homework ; everybody else be tell to practice the spell overnight , ready for a fresh attempt on their snail the follow afternoon . now panick slightly about the amount of homework they have to do , Harry and Ron spend their lunch hour in the library look up the use of moonstone in potion-making . still angry about Ron 's slur on her woolly hat , Hermione do not join them . by the time they reach Care of Magical Creatures in the afternoon , Harry 's head be ache again . the day have become cool and breezy , and , as they walk down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid 's cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest , they feel the occasional drop of rain on their face . Professor Grubbly-Plank stand wait for the class some ten yard from Hagrid 's front door , a long trestle table in front of her laden with many twig . as Harry and Ron reach her , a loud shout of laughter sound behind them ; turn , they see Draco Malfoy stride toward them , surround by his usual gang of Slytherin crony . he have clearly just say something highly amusing , because Crabbe , Goyle , Pansy Parkinson , and the rest continue to snigger heartily as they gather around the trestle table . judge by the fact that all of them keep look over at Harry , he be able to guess the subject of the joke without too much difficulty . " everyone here ? " bark Professor Grubbly-Plank , once all the Slytherins and Gryffindors have arrive . " Let 's crack on then -- who can tell me what these thing be call ? " she indicate the heap of twig in front of her . Hermione 's hand shot into the air . behind her back , Malfoy do a buck-toothed imitation of her jump up and down in eagerness to answer a question . Pansy Parkinson give a shriek of laughter that turn almost at once into a scream , as the twig on the table leap into the air and reveal themselves to be what look like tiny pixieish creature make of wood , each with knobbly brown arm and leg , two twiglike finger at the end of each hand , and a funny , flat , barklike face in which a pair of beetle-brown eye glitter . " Oooooh ! " say Parvati and Lavender , thoroughly irritate Harry : anyone would have think that Hagrid never show them impressive creature ; admittedly the flobberworms have be a bit dull , but the salamander and hippogriff have be interesting enough , and the Blast-Ended Skrewts perhaps too much so . " kindly keep your voice down , girl ! " say Professor Grubbly-Plank sharply , scatter a handful of what look like brown rice among the stick-creatures , who immediately fall upon the food . " so -- anyone know the name of these creature ? Miss Granger ? " " Bowtruckles , " say Hermione . " they be tree-guardians , usually live in wand-trees . " " five point for Gryffindor , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank . " yes , these be bowtruckles and , as Miss Granger rightly say , they generally live in tree whose wood be of wand quality . anybody know what they eat ? " " wood louse , " say Hermione promptly , which explain why what Harry have take for grain of brown rice be move . " but fairy egg if they can get them . " " good girl , take another five point . so whenever you need leaf or wood from a tree in which a bowtruckle lodge , it be wise to have a gift of wood louse ready to distract or placate it . they may not look dangerous , but if anger they will gouge out human eye with their finger , which , as you can see , be very sharp and not at all desirable near the eyeball . so if you will like to gather closer , take a few wood louse and a bowtruckle -- I have enough here for one between three -- you can study them more closely . I want a sketch from each of you with all body part label by the end of the lesson . " the class surge forward around the trestle table . Harry deliberately circle around the back so that he end up right next to Professor Grubbly-Plank . " where be Hagrid ? " he ask her , while everyone else be choose bowtruckles . " never you mind , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank repressively , which have be her attitude last time Hagrid have fail to turn up for a class too . smirk all over his pointed face , Draco Malfoy lean across Harry and seize the large bowtruckle . " maybe , " say Malfoy in an undertone , so that only Harry could hear him , " the stupid great oaf have get himself badly injure . " " maybe you will if you do n't shut up , " say Harry out of the side of his mouth . " maybe he have be mess with stuff that be too big for him , if you get my drift . " Malfoy walk away , smirk over his shoulder at Harry , who suddenly feel sick . do Malfoy know something ? his father be a Death Eater , after all ; what if he have information about Hagrid 's fate that have not yet reach the order 's ear ? he hurry back around the table to Ron and Hermione , who be squat on the grass some distance away and attempt to persuade a bowtruckle to remain still long enough to draw it . Harry pull out parchment and quill , crouch down beside the other , and relate in a whisper what Malfoy have just say . " Dumbledore would know if something have happen to Hagrid , " say Hermione at once . " it be just play into Malfoy 's hand to look worried , it tell him we do n't know exactly what be go on . we have get to ignore him , Harry . here , hold the bowtruckle for a moment , just so I can draw its face . ... " " Yes , " come Malfoy 's clear drawl from the group nearest them , " Father be talk to the Minister just a couple of day ago , you know , and it sound as though the Ministry 's really determine to crack down on substandard teaching in this place . so even if that overgrow moron do show up again , he will probably be send pack straight away . " " ouch ! " Harry have grip the bowtruckle so hard that it have almost snap ; it have just take a great retaliatory swipe at his hand with its sharp finger , leave two long deep cut there . Harry drop it ; Crabbe and Goyle , who have already be guffaw at the idea of Hagrid be sack , laugh still hard as the bowtruckle set off at full tilt toward the forest , a little , move stickman soon swallow up by the tree root . when the bell echo distantly over the ground Harry roll up his bloodstained bowtruckle picture and march off to Herbology with his hand wrap in a handkerchief of Hermione 's and Malfoy 's derisive laughter still ring in his ear . " if he call Hagrid a moron one more time ... " snarl Harry . " Harry , do n't go pick a row with Malfoy , do n't forget , he be a prefect now , he could make life difficult for you . ... " " Wow , I wonder what it will be like to have a difficult life ? " say Harry sarcastically . Ron laugh , but Hermione frown . together they traipse across the vegetable patch . the sky still appear unable to make up its mind whether it want to rain or not . " I just wish Hagrid would hurry up and get back , that be all , " say Harry in a low voice , as they reach the greenhouse . " and do n't say that Grubbly-Plank woman be a good teacher ! " he add threateningly . " I be n't go to , " say Hermione calmly . " because she will never be as good as Hagrid , " say Harry firmly , fully aware that he have just experience an exemplary Care of Magical Creatures lesson and be thoroughly annoy about it . the door of the near greenhouse open and some fourth year spill out of it , include Ginny . " hi , " she say brightly as she pass . a few second later , Luna Lovegood emerge , trail behind the rest of the class , a smudge of earth on her nose and her hair tie in a knot on the top of her head . when she see Harry , her prominent eye seem to bulge excitedly and she make a beeline straight for him . many of his classmate turn curiously to watch . Luna take a great breath and then say , without so much as a preliminary hello : " I believe He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be back , and I believe you fight him and escape from him . " " er -- right , " say Harry awkwardly . Luna be wear what look like a pair of orange radish for earring , a fact that Parvati and Lavender seem to have notice , as they be both giggle and point at her earlobes . " you can laugh ! " Luna say , her voice rise , apparently under the impression that Parvati and Lavender be laugh at what she have say rather than what she be wear . " but people use to believe there be no such thing as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack ! " " well , they be right , be n't they ? " say Hermione impatiently . " there be n't any such thing as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack . " Luna give her a wither look and flounce away , radish swing madly . Parvati and Lavender be not the only one hoot with laughter now . " D'you mind not offend the only people who believe me ? " Harry ask Hermione as they make their way into class . " oh , for heaven 's sake , Harry , you can do good than her , " say Hermione . " Ginny 's tell me all about her , apparently she will only believe in thing as long as there be no proof at all . well , I would n't expect anything else from someone whose father run the Quibbler . " Harry think of the sinister wing horse he have see on the night he have arrive and how Luna have say she could see them too . his spirit sink slightly . have she be lie ? but before he could devote much more think to the matter , Ernie Macmillan have step up to him . " I want you to know , Potter , " he say in a loud , carry voice , " that it be not only weirdo who support you . I personally believe you one hundred percent . my family have always stand firm behind Dumbledore , and so do I. " " er -- thanks very much , Ernie , " say Harry , take aback but please . Ernie might be pompous on occasion like these , but Harry be in a mood to deeply appreciate a vote of confidence from somebody who be not wear radish in their ear . Ernie 's word have certainly wipe the smile from Lavender Brown 's face and , as he turn to talk to Ron and Hermione , Harry catch Seamus 's expression , which look both confused and defiant . to nobody 's surprise , Professor Sprout start their lesson by lecture them about the importance of O.W.L.s. Harry wish all the teacher would stop do this ; he be start to get an anxious , twisted feeling in his stomach every time he remember how much homework he have to do , a feeling that worsen dramatically when Professor Sprout give them yet another essay at the end of class . tired and smell strongly of dragon dung , Professor Sprout 's preferred brand of fertilizer , the Gryffindors troop back up to the castle an hour and a half later , none of them talk very much ; it have be another long day . as Harry be starve , and he have his first detention with Umbridge at five o'clock , he head straight for dinner without drop off his bag in Gryffindor Tower so that he could bolt something down before face whatever she have in store for him . he have barely reach the entrance of the Great Hall , however , when a loud and angry voice say , " Oy , Potter ! " " what now ? " he mutter wearily , turn to face Angelina Johnson , who look as though she be in a towering temper . " I will tell you what now , " she say , march straight up to him and poke him hard in the chest with her finger . " how come you have land yourself in detention for five o'clock on Friday ? " " what ? " say Harry . " why ... oh yeah , Keeper tryout ! " " now he remember ! " snarl Angelina . " do n't I tell you I want to do a tryout with the whole team , and find someone who fit in with everyone ? do n't I tell you I have book the Quidditch pitch specially ? and now you have decide you be not go to be there ! " " I do n't decide not to be there ! " say Harry , sting by the injustice of these word . " I get detention from that Umbridge woman , just because I tell her the truth about You-Know-Who -- " " well , you can just go straight to her and ask her to let you off on Friday , " say Angelina fiercely , " and I do n't care how you do it , tell her You-Know-Who be a figment of your imagination if you like , just make sure you be there ! " she storm away . " you know what ? " Harry say to Ron and Hermione as they enter the Great Hall . " I think we will well check with Puddlemere United whether Oliver Wood have be kill during a training session , because she seem to be channel his spirit . " " what d'you reckon be the odd of Umbridge let you off on Friday ? " say Ron skeptically , as they sit down at the Gryffindor table . " less than zero , " say Harry glumly , tip lamb chop onto his plate and start to eat . " well try , though , have n't I ? I will offer to do two more detention or something , I dunno . ... " he swallow a mouthful of potato and add , " I hope she do n't keep me too long this evening . you realize we have get to write three essay , practice Vanishing Spells for McGonagall , work out a countercharm for Flitwick , finish the bowtruckle drawing , and start that stupid dream diary for Trelawney ? " Ron moan and for some reason glance up at the ceiling . " and it look like it be go to rain . " " what be that get to do with our homework ? " say Hermione , her eyebrow raise . " nothing , " say Ron at once , his ear redden . at five to five Harry bid the other two good-bye and set off for Umbridge 's office on the third floor . when he knock on the door she say , " come in , " in a sugary voice . he enter cautiously , look around . he have know this office under three of its previous occupant . in the day when Gilderoy Lockhart have live here it have be plaster in beaming portrait of its owner . when Lupin have occupy it , it be likely you would meet some fascinating dark creature in a cage or tank if you come to call . in the impostor Moody 's day it have be pack with various instrument and artifact for the detection of wrongdoing and concealment . now , however , it look totally unrecognizable . the surface have all be drape in lacy cover and cloth . there be several vase full of dry flower , each reside on its own doily , and on one of the wall be a collection of ornamental plate , each decorate with a large Technicolor kitten wear a different bow around its neck . these be so foul that Harry stare at them , transfix , until Professor Umbridge speak again . " good evening , Mr. Potter . " Harry start and look around . he have not notice her at first because she be wear a luridly flower set of robe that blend only too well with the tablecloth on the desk behind her . " evening , " Harry say stiffly . " well , sit down , " she say , point toward a small table drape in lace beside which she have draw up a straight-backed chair . a piece of blank parchment lie on the table , apparently wait for him . " er , " say Harry , without move . " Professor Umbridge ? er -- before we start , I-I want to ask you a ... a favor . " her bulge eye narrow . " oh yes ? " " well I be ... I be on the Gryffindor Quidditch team . and I be suppose to be at the tryout for the new keeper at five o'clock on Friday and I be -- be wonder whether I could skip detention that night and do it -- do it another night ... instead ... " he know long before he reach the end of his sentence that it be no good . " oh no , " say Umbridge , smile so widely that she look as though she have just swallow a particularly juicy fly . " oh no , no , no . this be your punishment for spread evil , nasty , attention-seeking story , Mr. Potter , and punishment certainly can be adjust to suit the guilty one 's convenience . no , you will come here at five o'clock tomorrow , and the next day , and on Friday too , and you will do your detention as plan . I think it rather a good thing that you be miss something you really want to do . it ought to reinforce the lesson I be try to teach you . " Harry feel the blood surge to his head and hear a thumping noise in his ear . so he tell evil , nasty , attention-seeking story , do he ? she be watch him with her head slightly to one side , still smile widely , as though she know exactly what he be think and be wait to see whether he would start shout again . with a massive effort Harry look away from her , drop his schoolbag beside the straight-backed chair , and sit down . " there , " say Umbridge sweetly , " we be get well at control our temper already , be n't we ? now , you be go to be do some line for me , Mr. Potter . no , not with your quill , " she add , as Harry bend down to open his bag . " you be go to be use a rather special one of mine . here you be . " she hand him a long , thin black quill with an unusually sharp point . " I want you to write ' I must not tell lie , ' " she tell him softly . " how many time ? " Harry ask , with a creditable imitation of politeness . " oh , as long as it take for the message to sink in , " say Umbridge sweetly . " off you go . " she move over to her desk , sit down , and bent over a stack of parchment that look like essay for mark . Harry raise the sharp black quill and then realize what be miss . " you have n't give me any ink , " he say . " oh , you wo n't need ink , " say Professor Umbridge with the merest suggestion of a laugh in her voice . Harry place the point of the quill on the paper and write : I must not tell lie . he let out a gasp of pain . the word have appear on the parchment in what appear to be shine red ink . at the same time , the word have appear on the back of Harry 's right hand , cut into his skin as though trace there by a scalpel -- yet even as he stare at the shine cut , the skin heal over again , leave the place where it have be slightly red than before but quite smooth . Harry look around at Umbridge . she be watch him , her wide , toadlike mouth stretch in a smile . " yes ? " " nothing , " say Harry quietly . he look back at the parchment , place the quill upon it once more , write I must not tell lie , and feel the searing pain on the back of his hand for a second time ; once again the word have be cut into his skin , once again they heal over second later . and on it go . again and again Harry write the word on the parchment in what he soon come to realize be not ink , but his own blood . and again and again the word be cut into the back of his hand , heal , and then reappear the next time he set quill to parchment . darkness fall outside Umbridge 's window . Harry do not ask when he would be allow to stop . he do not even check his watch . he know she be watch him for sign of weakness and he be not go to show any , not even if he have to sit here all night , cut open his own hand with this quill . ... " come here , " she say , after what seem hour . he stand up . his hand be sting painfully . when he look down at it he see that the cut have heal , but that the skin there be red raw . " hand , " she say . he extend it . she take it in her own . Harry repress a shudder as she touch him with her thick , stubby finger on which she wear a number of ugly old ring . " tut , tut , I do n't seem to have make much of an impression yet , " she say , smile . " well , we will just have to try again tomorrow evening , wo n't we ? you may go . " Harry leave her office without a word . the school be quite desert ; it be surely past midnight . he walk slowly up the corridor then , when he have turn the corner and be sure that she would not hear him , break into a run . he have not have time to practice Vanishing Spells , have not write a single dream in his dream diary , and have not finish the drawing of the bowtruckle , nor have he write his essay . he skip breakfast next morning to scribble down a couple of made-up dream for Divination , their first lesson , and be surprise to find a dishevel Ron keep him company . " how come you do n't do it last night ? " Harry ask , as Ron stare wildly around the common room for inspiration . Ron , who have be fast asleep when Harry get back to the dormitory , mutter something about " do other stuff , " bend low over his parchment , and scrawl a few word . " that will have to do , " he say , slam the diary shut , " I have say I dream I be buy a new pair of shoe , she ca n't make anything weird out of that , can she ? " they hurry off to North Tower together . " how be detention with Umbridge , anyway ? what do she make you do ? " Harry hesitate for a fraction of a second , then say , " Lines . " " that be not too bad , then , eh ? " say Ron . " Nope , " say Harry . " hey -- I forget -- do she let you off for Friday ? " " no , " say Harry . Ron groan sympathetically . it be another bad day for Harry ; he be one of the bad in Transfiguration , not have practice Vanishing Spells at all . he have to give up his lunch hour to complete the picture of the bowtruckle , and meanwhile , Professors McGonagall , Grubbly-Plank , and Sinistra give them yet more homework , which he have no prospect of finish that evening because of his second detention with Umbridge . to cap it all , Angelina Johnson track him down at dinner again and , on learn that he would not be able to attend Friday 's Keeper tryout , tell him she be not at all impress by his attitude and that she expect player who wish to remain on the team to put training before their other commitment . " I be in detention ! " Harry yell after her as she stalk away . " D'you think I will rather be stick in a room with that old toad or play Quidditch ? " " at least it be only line , " say Hermione consolingly , as Harry sink back onto his bench and look down at his steak-and-kidney pie , which he no longer fancy very much . " it be not as if it be a dreadful punishment , really . ... " Harry open his mouth , close it again , and nod . he be not really sure why he be not tell Ron and Hermione exactly what be happen in Umbridge 's room : he only know that he do not want to see their look of horror ; that would make the whole thing seem bad and therefore more difficult to face . he also feel dimly that this be between himself and Umbridge , a private battle of will , and he be not go to give her the satisfaction of hear that he have complain about it . " I ca n't believe how much homework we have get , " say Ron miserably . " well , why do n't you do any last night ? " Hermione ask him . " where be you anyway ? " " I be ... I fancy a walk , " say Ron shiftily . Harry have the distinct impression that he be not alone in conceal thing at the moment . * * * the second detention be just as bad as the previous one . the skin on the back of Harry 's hand become irritated more quickly now , red and inflame ; Harry think it unlikely to keep heal as effectively for long . soon the cut would remain etch in his hand and Umbridge would , perhaps , be satisfy . he let no moan of pain escape him , however , and from the moment of enter the room to the moment of his dismissal , again past midnight , he say nothing but " good evening " and " good night . " his homework situation , however , be now desperate , and when he return to the Gryffindor common room he do not , though exhaust , go to bed , but open his book and begin Snape 's moonstone essay . it be half-past two by the time he have finish it . he know he have do a poor job , but there be no help for it ; unless he have something to give in he would be in detention with Snape next . he then dash off answer to the question Professor McGonagall have set them , cobble together something on the proper handling of bowtruckles for Professor Grubbly-Plank , and stagger up to bed , where he fall fully clothe on top of the bed cover and fall asleep immediately . Thursday pass in a haze of tiredness . Ron seem very sleepy too , though Harry could not see why he should be . Harry 's third detention pass in the same way as the previous two , except that after two hour the word " I must not tell lie " do not fade from the back of Harry 's hand , but remain scratch there , ooze droplet of blood . the pause in the pointed quill be scratch make Professor Umbridge look up . " ah , " she say softly , move around her desk to examine his hand herself . " good . that ought to serve as a reminder to you , ought n't it ? you may leave for tonight . " " do I still have to come back tomorrow ? " say Harry , pick up his schoolbag with his leave hand rather than his smart right . " oh yes , " say Professor Umbridge , smile widely as before . " yes , I think we can etch the message a little deep with another evening 's work . " he have never before consider the possibility that there might be another teacher in the world he hate more than Snape , but as he walk back toward Gryffindor Tower he have to admit he have find a contender . she be evil , he think , as he climb a staircase to the seventh floor , she be an evil , twisted , mad , old - " Ron ? " he have reach the top of the stair , turn right , and almost walk into Ron , who be lurk behind a statue of Lachlan the Lanky , clutch his broomstick . he give a great leap of surprise when he see Harry and attempt to hide his new Cleansweep Eleven behind his back . " what be you do ? " " er -- nothing . what be you do ? " Harry frown at him . " come on , you can tell me ! what be you hide here for ? " " I be -- I be hide from Fred and George , if you must know , " say Ron . " they just go past with a bunch of first year , I bet they be test stuff on them again , I mean , they ca n't do it in the common room now , can they , not with Hermione there . " he be talk in a very fast , feverish way . " but what have you get your broom for , you have n't be fly , have you ? " Harry ask . " I -- well -- well , okay , I will tell you , but do n't laugh , all right ? " Ron say defensively , turn red with every second . " I-I think I will try out for Gryffindor Keeper now I have get a decent broom . there . go on . laugh . " " I be not laugh , " say Harry . Ron blink . " it be a brilliant idea ! it will be really cool if you get on the team ! I have never see you play Keeper , be you good ? " " I be not bad , " say Ron , who look immensely relieve at Harry 's reaction . " Charlie , Fred , and George always make me keep for them when they be train during the holiday . " " so you have be practice tonight ? " " every evening since Tuesday ... just on my own , though , I have be try to bewitch Quaffles to fly at me , but it have n't be easy and I do n't know how much use it will be . " Ron look nervous and anxious . " Fred and George be go to laugh themselves stupid when I turn up for the tryout . they have n't stop take the mickey out of me since I get make a prefect . " " I wish I be go to be there , " say Harry bitterly , as they set off together toward the common room . " yeah , so do -- Harry , what be that on the back of your hand ? " Harry , who have just scratch his nose with his free right hand , try to hide it , but have as much success as Ron with his Cleansweep . " it be just a cut -- it be nothing -- it be -- " but Ron have grab Harry 's forearm and pull the back of Harry 's hand up level with his eye . there be a pause , during which he stare at the word carve into the skin , then he release Harry , look sick . " I think you say she be give you line ? " Harry hesitate , but after all , Ron have be honest with him , so he tell Ron the truth about the hour he have be spend in Umbridge 's office . " the old hag ! " Ron say in a revolt whisper as they come to a halt in front of the Fat Lady , who be doze peacefully with her head against her frame . " she be sick ! go to McGonagall , say something ! " " no , " say Harry at once . " I be not give her the satisfaction of know she be get to me . " " get to you ? you ca n't let her get away with this ! " " I do n't know how much power McGonagall be get over her , " say Harry . " Dumbledore , then , tell Dumbledore ! " " no , " say Harry flatly . " why not ? " " he be get enough on his mind , " say Harry , but that be not the true reason . he be not go to go to Dumbledore for help when Dumbledore have not speak to him once since last June . " well , I reckon you should -- " Ron begin , but he be interrupt by the Fat Lady , who have be watch them sleepily and now burst out , " be you go to give me the password or will I have to stay awake all night wait for you to finish your conversation ? " Friday dawn sullen and sodden as the rest of the week . though Harry glance toward the staff table automatically when he enter the Great Hall , it be without real hope of see Hagrid and he turn his mind immediately to his more pressing problem , such as the mountainous pile of homework he have to do and the prospect of yet another detention with Umbridge . two thing sustain Harry that day . one be the thought that it be almost the weekend ; the other be that , dreadful though his final detention with Umbridge be sure to be , he have a distant view of the Quidditch pitch from her window and might , with luck , be able to see something of Ron 's tryout . these be rather feeble ray of light , it be true , but Harry be grateful for anything that might lighten his present darkness ; he have never have a bad first week of term at Hogwarts . at five o'clock that evening he knock on Professor Umbridge 's office door for what he sincerely hope would be the final time , be tell to enter and do so . the blank parchment lie ready for him on the lace-covered table , the pointed black quill beside it . " you know what to do , Mr. Potter , " say Umbridge , smile sweetly over at him . Harry pick up the quill and glance through the window . if he just shift his chair an inch or so to the right ... on the pretext of shift himself close to the table he manage it . he now have a distant view of the Gryffindor Quidditch team soar up and down the pitch , while half a dozen black figure stand at the foot of the three high goalpost , apparently await their turn to keep . it be impossible to tell which one be Ron at this distance . I must not tell lie , Harry write . the cut in the back of his right hand open and begin to bleed afresh . I must not tell lie . the cut dig deeper , sting and smart . I must not tell lie . blood trickle down his wrist . he chance another glance out of the window . whoever be defend the goalpost now be do a very poor job indeed . Katie Bell score twice in the few second Harry dare watch . hope very much that the Keeper be n't Ron , he drop his eye back to the parchment dot with blood . I must not tell lie . I must not tell lie . he look up whenever he think he could risk it , when he could hear the scratch of Umbridge 's quill or the opening of a desk drawer . the third person to try out be pretty good , the fourth be terrible , the fifth dodge a Bludger exceptionally well but then fumble an easy save . the sky be darken so that Harry doubt he would be able to watch the sixth and seventh people at all . I must not tell lie . I must not tell lie . the parchment be now shine with drop of blood from the back of his hand , which be sear with pain . when he next look up , night have fall and the Quidditch pitch be no longer visible . " let be see if you have get the message yet , shall we ? " say Umbridge 's soft voice half an hour later . she move toward him , stretch out her short be-ringed finger for his arm . and then , as she take hold of him to examine the word now cut into his skin , pain sear , not across the back of his hand , but across the scar on his forehead . at the same time , he have a most peculiar sensation somewhere around his midriff . he wrench his arm out of her grip and leap to his foot , stare at her . she look back at him , a smile stretch her wide , slack mouth . " yes , it hurt , do n't it ? " she say softly . he do not answer . his heart be thump very hard and fast . be she talk about his hand or do she know what he have just feel in his forehead ? " well , I think I have make my point , Mr. Potter . you may go . " he catch up his schoolbag and leave the room as quickly as he could . stay calm , he tell himself as he sprint up the stair . stay calm , it do n't necessarily mean what you think it mean . ... " Mimbulus mimbletonia ! " he gasp at the Fat Lady , who swing forward once more . a roar of sound greet him . Ron come run toward him , beam all over his face and slop butterbeer down his front from the goblet he be clutch . " Harry , I do it , I be in , I be Keeper ! " " what ? oh -- brilliant ! " say Harry , try to smile naturally , while his heart continue to race and his hand throb and bleed . " have a butterbeer . " Ron press a bottle onto him . " I ca n't believe it -- where be Hermione go ? " " she be there , " say Fred , who be also swig butterbeer , and point to an armchair by the fire . Hermione be doze in it , her drink tip precariously in her hand . " well , she say she be please when I tell her , " say Ron , look slightly put out . " let her sleep , " say George hastily . it be a few moment before Harry notice that several of the first year gather around them bear unmistakable sign of recent nosebleed . " come here , Ron , and see if Oliver 's old robe fit you , " call Katie Bell . " we can take off his name and put yours on instead . ... " as Ron move away , Angelina come stride up to Harry . " sorry I be a bit short with you earlier , Potter , " she say abruptly . " it be stressful , this manage lark , you know , I be start to think I be a bit hard on Wood sometimes . " she be watch Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face . " look , I know he be your good mate , but he be not fabulous , " she say bluntly . " I think with a bit of training he will be all right , though . he come from a family of good Quidditch player . I be bank on him turn out to have a bit more talent than he show today , to be honest . Vicky Frobisher and Geoffrey Hooper both fly well this evening , but Hooper be a real whiner , he be always moan about something or other , and Vicky be involve in all sort of society , she admit herself that if training clash with her Charm Club she will put charm first . anyway , we be have a practice session at two o'clock tomorrow , so just make sure you be there this time . and do me a favor and help Ron as much as you can , okay ? " he nod and Angelina stroll back to Alicia Spinnet . Harry move over to sit next to Hermione , who awake with a jerk as he put down his bag . " oh , Harry , it be you . ... Good about Ron , be n't it ? " she say blearily . " I be just so -- so -- so tired , " she yawn . " I be up until one o'clock make more hat . they be disappear like mad ! " and sure enough , now that he look , Harry see that there be woolly hat conceal all around the room where unwary elf might accidentally pick them up . " great , " say Harry distractedly ; if he do not tell somebody soon , he would burst . " listen , Hermione , I be just up in Umbridge 's office and she touch my arm ... " Hermione listen closely . when Harry have finish she say slowly , " you be worry that You-Know-Who be control her like he control Quirrell ? " " well , " say Harry , drop his voice , " it be a possibility , be n't it ? " " I suppose so , " say Hermione , though she sound unconvinced . " but I do n't think he can be possess her the way he possess Quirrell , I mean , he be properly alive again now , be n't he , he have get his own body , he would n't need to share someone else be . he could have her under the Imperius Curse , I suppose . ... " Harry watch Fred , George , and Lee Jordan juggle empty butterbeer bottle for a moment . then Hermione say , " but last year your scar hurt when nobody be touch you , and do n't Dumbledore say it have to do with what You-Know-Who be feel at the time ? I mean , maybe this have n't get anything to do with Umbridge at all , maybe it be just coincidence it happen while you be with her ? " " she be evil , " say Harry flatly . " twist . " " she be horrible , yes , but ... Harry , I think you ought to tell Dumbledore your scar hurt . " it be the second time in two day he have be advise to go to Dumbledore and his answer to Hermione be just the same as his answer to Ron . " I be not bother him with this . like you just say , it be not a big deal . it have be hurt on and off all summer -- it be just a bit bad tonight , that be all -- " " Harry , I be sure Dumbledore would want to be bother by this -- " " Yeah , " say Harry , before he could stop himself , " that be the only bit of me Dumbledore care about , be n't it , my scar ? " " do n't say that , it be not true ! " " I think I will write and tell Sirius about it , see what he think -- " " Harry , you ca n't put something like that in a letter ! " say Hermione , look alarm . " do n't you remember , Moody tell us to be careful what we put in writing ! we just ca n't guarantee owl be n't be intercept anymore ! " " all right , all right , I wo n't tell him , then ! " say Harry irritably . he get to his foot . " I be go to bed . tell Ron for me , will you ? " " oh no , " say Hermione , look relieved , " if you be go that mean I can go without be rude too , I be absolutely exhaust and I want to make some more hat tomorrow . listen , you can help me if you like , it be quite fun , I be get well , I can do pattern and bobble and all sort of thing now . " Harry look into her face , which be shine with glee , and try to look as though he be vaguely tempt by this offer . " er ... no , I do n't think I will , thanks , " he say . " er -- not tomorrow . I have get load of homework to do . ... " and he traipse off to the boy ' stair , leave her look slightly disappointed behind him . Percy and Padfoot Harry be the first to awake in his dormitory next morning . he lie for a moment watch dust swirl in the chink of sunlight fall through the gap in his four-poster 's hanging and savor the thought that it be Saturday . the first week of term seem to have drag on forever , like one gigantic history of Magic lesson . judge by the sleepy silence and the freshly mint look of that beam of sunlight , it be just after daybreak . he pull open the curtain around his bed , get up , and start to dress . the only sound apart from the distant twitter of bird be the slow , deep breathing of his fellow Gryffindors . he open his schoolbag carefully , pull out parchment and quill , and head out of the dormitory for the common room . make straight for his favorite squashy old armchair beside the now extinct fire , Harry settle himself down comfortably and unroll his parchment while look around the room . the detritus of crumpled-up bit of parchment , old Gobstones , empty ingredient jar , and candy wrapper that usually cover the common room at the end of each day be go , as be all Hermione 's elf hat . wonder vaguely how many elf have now be set free whether they want to be or not , Harry uncork his ink bottle , dip his quill into it , and then hold it suspend an inch above the smooth yellowish surface of his parchment , think hard . ... but after a minute or so he find himself stare into the empty grate , at a complete loss for what to say . he could now appreciate how hard it have be for Ron and Hermione to write him letter over the summer . how be he suppose to tell Sirius everything that have happen over the past week and pose all the question he be burn to ask without give potential letter-thieves a lot of information he do not want them to have ? he sit quite motionless for a while , gaze into the fireplace , then , finally come to a decision , he dip his quill into the ink bottle once more and set it resolutely upon the parchment . Dear Snuffles , Hope you be okay , the first week back here have be terrible , I be really glad it be the weekend . we have get a new defense against the Dark Arts teacher , Professor Umbridge . she be nearly as nice as your mum . I be write because that thing I write to you about last summer happen again last night when I be do a detention with Umbridge . we be all miss our big friend , we hope he will be back soon . please write back quickly . well , Harry reread this letter several time , try to see it from the point of view of an outsider . he could not see how they would know what he be talk about -- or who he be talk to -- just from read this letter . he do hope Sirius would pick up the hint about Hagrid and tell them when he might be back : Harry do not want to ask directly in case it draw too much attention to what Hagrid might be up to while he be not at Hogwarts . consider it be a very short letter it have take a long time to write ; sunlight have creep halfway across the room while he have be work on it , and he could now hear distant sound of movement from the dormitory above . seal the parchment carefully he climb through the portrait hole and head off for the Owlery . " I would not go that way if I be you , " say nearly Headless Nick , drift disconcertingly through a wall just ahead of him as he walk down the passage . " peeve be plan an amusing joke on the next person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down the corridor . " " do it involve Paracelsus fall on top of the person 's head ? " ask Harry . " funnily enough , it do , " say nearly Headless Nick in a bored voice . " subtlety have never be Peeves 's strong point . I be off to try and find the Bloody Baron . ... he might be able to put a stop to it . ... see you , Harry . ... " " Yeah , ' bye , " say Harry and instead of turn right , he turn leave , take a long but safe route up to the Owlery . his spirit rise as he walk past window after window show brilliantly blue sky ; he have training later , he would be back on the Quidditch pitch at last - something brush his ankle . he look down and see the caretaker 's skeletal gray cat , Mrs. Norris , slink past him . she turn lamplike yellow eye upon him for a moment before disappear behind a statue of Wilfred the Wistful . " I be not do anything wrong , " Harry call after her . she have the unmistakable air of a cat that be off to report to her boss , yet Harry could not see why ; he be perfectly entitle to walk up to the Owlery on a Saturday morning . the sun be high in the sky now and when Harry enter the Owlery the glassless window dazzle his eye ; thick silvery beam of sunlight crisscross the circular room in which hundred of owl nestle on rafter , a little restless in the early morning light , some clearly just return from hunting . the straw-covered floor crunch a little as he step across tiny animal bone , crane his neck for a sight of Hedwig . " there you be , " he say , spot her somewhere near the very top of the vault ceiling . " get down here , I have get a letter for you . " with a low hoot she stretch her great white wing and soar down onto his shoulder . " right , I know this say ' snuffle ' on the outside , " he tell her , give her the letter to clasp in her beak and , without know exactly why , whisper , " but it be for Sirius , okay ? " she blink her amber eye once and he take that to mean that she understand . " safe flight , then , " say Harry and he carry her to one of the window ; with a moment 's pressure on his arm Hedwig take off into the blindingly bright sky . he watch her until she become a tiny black speck and vanish , then switch his gaze to Hagrid 's hut , clearly visible from this window , and just as clearly uninhabited , the chimney smokeless , the curtain draw . the treetop of the Forbidden Forest sway in a light breeze . Harry watch them , savor the fresh air on his face , think about Quidditch later ... and then he see it . a great , reptilian wing horse , just like the one pull the Hogwarts carriage , with leathery black wing spread wide like a pterodactyl 's , rise up out of the tree like a grotesque , giant bird . it soar in a great circle and then plunge once more into the tree . the whole thing have happen so quickly Harry could hardly believe what he have see , except that his heart be hammer madly . the Owlery door open behind him . he leap in shock , and turn quickly , see Cho Chang hold a letter and a parcel in her hand . " hi , " say Harry automatically . " oh ... hi , " she say breathlessly . " I do n't think anyone would be up here this early . ... I only remember five minute ago , it be my mum 's birthday . " she hold up the parcel . " right , " say Harry . his brain seem to have jam . he want to say something funny and interesting , but the memory of that terrible wing horse be fresh in his mind . " nice day , " he say , gesture to the window . his inside seem to shrivel with embarrassment . the weather . he be talk about the weather . ... " Yeah , " say Cho , look around for a suitable owl . " good Quidditch condition . I have n't be out all week , have you ? " " no , " say Harry . Cho have select one of the school barn owl . she coax it down onto her arm where it hold out an obliging leg so that she could attach the parcel . " hey , have Gryffindor get a new keeper yet ? " she ask . " yeah , " say Harry . " it be my friend Ron Weasley , d'you know him ? " " the Tornado-hater ? " say Cho rather coolly . " be he any good ? " " yeah , " say Harry , " I think so . I do n't see his tryout , though , I be in detention . " Cho look up , the parcel only half-attached to the owl 's leg . " that Umbridge woman be foul , " she say in a low voice . " put you in detention just because you tell the truth about how -- how -- how he die . everyone hear about it , it be all over the school . you be really brave stand up to her like that . " Harry 's inside reinflated so rapidly he feel as though he might actually float a few inch off the dropping-strewn floor . who care about a stupid fly horse , Cho think he have be really brave . ... for a moment he consider accidentally-on-purpose show her his cut hand as he help her tie her parcel onto her owl . ... but the very instant that this thrilling thought occur , the Owlery door open again . filch , the caretaker , come wheeze into the room . there be purple patch on his sunken , vein cheek , his jowl be aquiver and his thin gray hair dishevel ; he have obviously run here . Mrs. Norris come trot at his heel , gaze up at the owl overhead and mew hungrily . there be a restless shift of wing from above , and a large brown owl snap his beak in a menace fashion . " Aha ! " say Filch , take a flat-footed step toward Harry , his pouchy cheek tremble with anger . " I have have a tip-off that you be intend to place a massive order for Dungbombs ! " Harry fold his arm and stare at the caretaker . " who tell you I be order Dungbombs ? " Cho be look from Harry to Filch , also frown ; the barn owl on her arm , tire of stand on one leg , give an admonitory hoot but she ignore it . " I have my source , " say Filch in a self-satisfied hiss . " now hand over whatever it be you be send . " feel immensely thankful that he have not dawdle in post off the letter , Harry say , " I ca n't , it be go . " " go ? " say Filch , his face contort with rage . " go , " say Harry calmly . filch open his mouth furiously , mouth for a few second , then rake Harry 's robe with his eye . " how do I know you have n't get it in your pocket ? " " because -- " " I see him send it , " say Cho angrily . filch rounded on her . " you see him -- ? " " that be right , I see him , " she say fiercely . there be a moment 's pause in which Filch glare at Cho and Cho glare right back , then the caretaker turn and shuffle back toward the door . he stop with his hand on the handle and look back at Harry . " if I get so much as a whiff of a Dungbomb ... " he stump off down the stair . Mrs. Norris cast a last longing look at the owl and follow him . Harry and Cho look at each other . " thanks , " Harry say . " no problem , " say Cho , finally fix the parcel to the barn owl 's other leg , her face slightly pink . " you be n't order Dungbombs , be you ? " " no , " say Harry . " I wonder why he think you be , then ? " she say , as she carry the owl to the window . Harry shrug ; he be quite as mystify by that as she be , though , oddly , it be not bother him very much at the moment . they leave the Owlery together . at the entrance of a corridor that lead toward the west wing of the castle , Cho say , " I be go this way . well , I will ... I will see you around , Harry . " " yeah ... see you . " she smile at him and depart . he walk on , feel quietly elate . he have manage to have an entire conversation with her and not embarrass himself once . ... you be really brave stand up to her like that . ... she have call him brave . ... she do not hate him for be alive . ... of course , she have prefer Cedric , he know that . ... Though if he have only ask her to the ball before Cedric have , thing might have turn out differently . ... she have seem sincerely sorry that she have to refuse when Harry have ask her . ... " Morning , " Harry say brightly to Ron and Hermione , join them at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall . " what be you look so please about ? " say Ron , eye Harry in surprise . " erm ... Quidditch later , " say Harry happily , pull a large platter of bacon and egg toward him . " oh ... yeah ... " say Ron . he put down the bit of toast he be eat and take a large swig of pumpkin juice . then he say , " Listen ... you do n't fancy go out a bit earlier with me , do you ? just to -- er -- give me some practice before training ? so I can , you know , get my eye in a bit ... " " Yeah , okay , " say Harry . " look , I do n't think you should , " say Hermione seriously , " you be both really behind on homework as it -- " but she break off ; the morning post be arrive and , as usual , the Daily Prophet be soar toward her in the beak of a screech owl , which land perilously close to the sugar bowl and hold out a leg ; Hermione push a Knut into its leather pouch , take the newspaper , and scan the front page critically as the owl take off again . " anything interesting ? " say Ron ; Harry smile -- he know Ron be keen to get her off the subject of homework . " no , " she sigh , " just some guff about the bass player in the Weird Sisters get married . ... " she open the paper and disappear behind it . Harry devote himself to another help of egg and bacon ; Ron be stare up at the high window , look slightly preoccupy . " wait a moment , " say Hermione suddenly . " oh no ... Sirius ! " " what be happen ? " say Harry , and he snatch at the paper so violently that it rip down the middle so that he and Hermione be hold half each . " ' the Ministry of Magic have receive a tip-off from a reliable source that Sirius Black , notorious mass murderer ... blah blah blah ... be currently hide in London ! ' " Hermione read from her half in an anguish whisper . " Lucius Malfoy , I will bet anything , " say Harry in a low , furious voice . " he do recognize Sirius on the platform . ... " " what ? " say Ron , look alarm . " you do n't say -- " " Shh ! " say the other two . " ... ' Ministry warn Wizarding community that Black be very dangerous ... kill thirteen people ... break out of Azkaban ... ' the usual rubbish , " Hermione conclude , lay down her half of the paper and look fearfully at Harry and Ron . " well , he just wo n't be able to leave the house again , that be all , " she whisper . " Dumbledore do warn him not to . " Harry look down glumly at the bit of the Prophet he have tear off . most of the page be devote to an advertisement for Madame Malkin 's Robes for all occasion , which be apparently have a sale . " hey ! " he say , flatten it down so Hermione and Ron could both see it . " look at this ! " " I have get all the robe I want , " say Ron . " no , " say Harry , " look ... this little piece here ... " Ron and Hermione bend closer to read it ; the item be barely an inch long and place right at the bottom of a column . it be headline : Sturgis Podmore , @card@ , of number two , Laburnum Gardens , Clapham , have appear in front of the Wizengamot charge with trespass and attempted robbery at the Ministry of Magic on 31st August . Podmore be arrest by Ministry of Magic watch-wizard Eric Munch , who find him attempt to force his way through a top-security door at one o'clock in the morning . Podmore , who refuse to speak in his own defense , be convict on both charge and sentence to six month in Azkaban . " Sturgis Podmore ? " say Ron slowly , " but he be that bloke who look like his head have be thatch , be n't he ? he be one of the Ord -- " " Ron , shh ! " say Hermione , cast a terrify look around them . " six month in Azkaban ! " whisper Harry , shock . " just for try to get through a door ! " " do n't be silly , it be n't just for try to get through a door -- what on earth be he do at the Ministry of Magic at one o'clock in the morning ? " breathe Hermione . " D'you reckon he be do something for the order ? " Ron mutter . " wait a moment . ... " say Harry slowly . " Sturgis be suppose to come and see us off , remember ? " the other two look at him . " yeah , he be suppose to be part of our guard go to King 's Cross , remember ? and Moody be all annoy because he do n't turn up , so that do n't seem like he be suppose to be on a job for them , do it ? " " well , maybe they do n't expect him to get catch , " say Hermione . " it could be a frame-up ! " Ron exclaim excitedly . " no -- listen ! " he go on , drop his voice dramatically at the threatening look on Hermione 's face . " the Ministry suspect he be one of Dumbledore 's lot so -- I dunno -- they lure him to the Ministry , and he be n't try to get through a door at all ! maybe they have just make something up to get him ! " there be a pause while Harry and Hermione consider this . Harry think it seem far-fetched ; Hermione , on the other hand , look rather impress and say , " do you know , I would n't be at all surprised if that be true . " she fold up her half of the newspaper thoughtfully . when Harry lay down his knife and fork she seem to come out of a reverie . " right , well , I think we should tackle that essay for Sprout on Self-Fertilizing Shrubs first , and if we be lucky we will be able to start McGonagall 's Inanimatus Conjurus before lunch . ... " Harry feel a small twinge of guilt at the thought of the pile of homework await him upstairs , but the sky be a clear , exhilarate blue , and he have not be on his Firebolt for a week . ... " I mean , we can do it tonight , " say Ron , as he and Harry walk down the sloping lawn toward the Quidditch pitch , their broomstick over their shoulder , Hermione 's dire warning that they would fail all their O.W.L.s still ring in their ear . " and we have get tomorrow . she get too work up about work , that be her trouble . ... " there be a pause and he add , in a slightly more anxious tone , " D'you think she mean it when she say we be n't copy from her ? " " yeah , I do , " say Harry . " still , this be important too , we have get to practice if we want to stay on the Quidditch team . ... " " Yeah , that be right , " say Ron in a hearten tone . " and we have get plenty of time to do it all . ... " Harry glance over to his right as they approach the Quidditch pitch , to where the tree of the Forbidden Forest be sway darkly . nothing fly out of them ; the sky be empty but for a few distant owl flutter around the Owlery Tower . he have enough to worry about ; the fly horse be n't do him any harm : he push it out of his mind . they collect ball from the cupboard in the change room and set to work , Ron guard the three tall goalpost , Harry playing Chaser and try to get the Quaffle past Ron . Harry think Ron be pretty good ; he block three-quarter of the goal Harry attempt to put past him and play well the longer they practice . after a couple of hour they return to the school , where they eat lunch , during which Hermione make it quite clear that she think they be irresponsible , then return to the Quidditch pitch for the real training session . all their teammate but Angelina be already in the change room when they enter . " all right , Ron ? " say George , wink at him . " yeah , " say Ron , who have become quiet and quiet all the way down to the pitch . " ready to show us all up , Ickle prefect ? " say Fred , emerge tousle-haired from the neck of his Quidditch robe , a slightly malicious grin on his face . " shut up , " say Ron , stony-faced , pull on his own team robe for the first time . they fit him well consider they have be Oliver Wood 's , who be rather broad in the shoulder . " okay everyone , " say Angelina , enter from the Captain 's office , already change . " let be get to it ; Alicia and Fred , if you can just bring the ball crate out for us . oh , and there be a couple of people out there watch but I want you to just ignore them , all right ? " something in her would-be casual voice make Harry think he might know who the uninvited spectator be , and sure enough , when they leave the change room for the bright sunlight of the pitch it be to a storm of catcall and jeer from the Slytherin Quidditch team and assorted hanger-on , who be group halfway up the empty stand and whose voice echo loudly around the stadium . " what be that Weasley 's riding ? " Malfoy call in his sneering drawl . " why would anyone put a Flying Charm on a moldy old log like that ? " Crabbe , Goyle , and Pansy Parkinson guffaw and shriek with laughter . Ron mount his broom and kick off from the ground and Harry follow him , watch his ear turn red from behind . " ignore them , " he say , accelerate to catch up with Ron . " we will see who be laugh after we play them . ... " " exactly the attitude I want , Harry , " say Angelina approvingly , soar around them with the Quaffle under her arm and slow to hover on the spot in front of her airborne team . " okay everyone , we be go to start with some pass just to warm up , the whole team please -- " " Hey , Johnson , what be with that hairstyle anyway ? " shriek Pansy Parkinson from below . " why would anyone want to look like they have get worm come out of their head ? " Angelina sweep her long braided hair out of her face and say calmly , " Spread out , then , and let be see what we can do . ... " Harry reverse away from the other to the far side of the pitch . Ron fall back toward the opposite goal . Angelina raise the Quaffle with one hand and throw it hard to Fred , who pass to George , who pass to Harry , who pass to Ron , who drop it . the Slytherins , lead by Malfoy , roar and scream with laughter . Ron , who have pelt toward the ground to catch the Quaffle before it land , pull out of the dive untidily , so that he slip sideways on his broom , and return to play height , blush . Harry see Fred and George exchange look , but uncharacteristically neither of them say anything , for which he be grateful . " pass it on , Ron , " call Angelina , as though nothing have happen . Ron throw the Quaffle to Alicia , who pass back to Harry , who pass to George . ... " Hey , Potter , how be your scar feeling ? " call Malfoy . " sure you do n't need a lie-down ? it must be , what , a whole week since you be in the hospital wing , that be a record for you , be n't it ? " Fred pass to Angelina ; she reverse pass to Harry , who have not be expect it , but catch it in the very tip of his finger and pass it quickly to Ron , who lunge for it and miss by inch . " come on now , Ron , " say Angelina crossly , as Ron dive for the ground again , chase the Quaffle . " pay attention . " it would have be hard to say whether Ron 's face or the Quaffle be a deeper scarlet when he return again to play height . Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team be howl with laughter . on his third attempt , Ron catch the Quaffle ; perhaps out of relief he pass it on so enthusiastically that it soar straight through Katie 's outstretch hand and hit her hard in the face . " sorry ! " Ron groan , zoom forward to see whether he have do any damage . " get back in position , she be fine ! " bark Angelina . " but as you be pass to a teammate , do try not to knock her off her broom , wo n't you ? we have get Bludgers for that ! " Katie 's nose be bleed . down below the Slytherins be stamp their foot and jeer . Fred and George converge on Katie . " here , take this , " Fred tell her , hand her something small and purple from out of his pocket . " it will clear it up in no time . " " all right , " call Angelina , " Fred , George , go and get your bat and a Bludger ; Ron , get up to the goalpost , Harry , release the Snitch when I say so . we be go to aim for Ron 's goal , obviously . " Harry zoom off after the twin to fetch the Snitch . " Ron be make a right pig 's ear of thing , be n't he ? " mutter George , as the three of them land at the crate contain the ball and open it to extract one of the Bludgers and the Snitch . " he be just nervous , " say Harry . " he be fine when I be practice with him this morning . " " yeah , well , I hope he have n't peak too soon , " say Fred gloomily . they return to the air . when Angelina blow her whistle , Harry release the Snitch and Fred and George let fly the Bludger ; from that moment on , Harry be barely aware of what the other be do . it be his job to recapture the tiny flutter golden ball that be worth a hundred and fifty point to the Seeker 's team and do so require enormous speed and skill . he accelerate , roll and swerve in and out of the chaser , the warm autumn air whip his face and the distant yell of the Slytherins so much meaningless roaring in his ear . ... but too soon , the whistle bring him to a halt again . " stop -- stop - Stop ! " scream Angelina . " Ron -- you be not cover your middle post ! " Harry look around at Ron , who be hover in front of the left-hand hoop , leave the other two completely unprotected . " oh ... sorry ... " " you keep shift around while you be watch the chaser ! " say Angelina . " either stay in center position until you have to move to defend a hoop , or else circle the hoop , but do n't drift vaguely off to one side , that be how you let in the last three goal ! " " sorry ... " Ron repeat , his red face shine like a beacon against the bright blue sky . " and Katie , ca n't you do something about that nosebleed ? " " it be just get bad ! " say Katie thickly , attempt to stem the flow with her sleeve . Harry glance around at Fred , who be look anxious and check his pocket . he see Fred pull out something purple , examine it for a second , and then look around at Katie , evidently horrorstruck . " well , let be try again , " say Angelina . she be ignore the Slytherins , who have now set up a chant of " Gryffindor be loser , Gryffindor be loser , " but there be a certain rigidity about her seat on the broom nevertheless . this time they have be fly for barely three minute when Angelina 's whistle sound . Harry , who have just sight the Snitch circle the opposite goalpost , pull up feel distinctly aggrieve . " what now ? " he say impatiently to Alicia , who be nearest . " Katie , " she say shortly . Harry turn and see Angelina , Fred , and George all fly as fast as they could toward Katie . Harry and Alicia speed toward her too . it be plain that Angelina have stop train just in time ; Katie be now chalk-white and cover in blood . " she need the hospital wing , " say Angelina . " we will take her , " say Fred . " she -- er -- might have swallow a Blood Blisterpod by mistake -- " " well , there be no point continue with no Beaters and a Chaser go , " say Angelina glumly , as Fred and George zoom off toward the castle support Katie between them . " come on , let be go and get change . " the Slytherins continue to chant as they trail back into the change room . " how be practice ? " ask Hermione rather coolly half an hour later , as Harry and Ron climb through the portrait hole into the Gryffindor common room . " it be -- " Harry begin . " completely lousy , " say Ron in a hollow voice , sink into a chair beside Hermione . she look up at Ron and her frostiness seem to melt . " well , it be only your first one , " she say consolingly , " it be bind to take time to -- " " who say it be me who make it lousy ? " snap Ron . " no one , " say Hermione , look take aback , " I think -- " " you think I be bind to be rubbish ? " " no , of course I do n't ! look , you say it be lousy so I just -- " " I be go to get start on some homework , " say Ron angrily and stomp off to the staircase to the boy ' dormitory and vanish from sight . Hermione turn to Harry . " be he lousy ? " " no , " say Harry loyally . Hermione raise her eyebrow . " well , I suppose he could have play well , " Harry mutter , " but it be only the first training session , like you say . ... " Neither Harry nor Ron seem to make much headway with their homework that night . Harry know Ron be too preoccupy with how badly he have perform at Quidditch practice and he himself be have difficulty in get the chant of " Gryffindor be loser " out of his head . they spend the whole of Sunday in the common room , bury in their book while the room around them fill up , then empty : it be another clear , fine day and most of their fellow Gryffindors spend the day out in the ground , enjoy what might well be some of the last sunshine that year . by the evening Harry feel as though somebody have be beat his brain against the inside of his skull . " you know , we probably should try and get more homework do during the week , " Harry mutter to Ron , as they finally lay aside Professor McGonagall 's long essay on the Inanimatus Conjurus spell and turn miserably to Professor Sinistra 's equally long and difficult essay about Jupiter 's moon . " yeah , " say Ron , rub slightly bloodshot eye and throw his fifth spoiled bit of parchment into the fire beside them . " listen ... shall we just ask Hermione if we can have a look at what she be do ? " Harry glance over at her ; she be sit with Crookshanks on her lap and chat merrily to Ginny as a pair of knit needle flash in midair in front of her , now knit a pair of shapeless elf sock . " no , " he say heavily , " you know she wo n't let us . " and so they work on while the sky outside the window become steadily dark ; slowly , the crowd in the common room begin to thin again . at half-past eleven , Hermione wander over to them , yawn . " nearly do ? " " no , " say Ron shortly . " Jupiter 's big moon be Ganymede , not Callisto , " she say , point over Ron 's shoulder at a line in his Astronomy essay , " and it be Io that have get the volcano . " " thanks , " snarl Ron , scratch out the offend sentence . " sorry , I only -- " " Yeah , well , if you have just come over here to criticize -- " " Ron -- " " I have n't get time to listen to a sermon , all right , Hermione , I be up to my neck in it here -- " " no -- look ! " Hermione be point to the near window . Harry and Ron both look over . a handsome screech owl be stand on the windowsill , gaze into the room at Ron . " be n't that Hermes ? " say Hermione , sound amaze . " Blimey , it be ! " say Ron quietly , throw down his quill and get to his foot . " what be Percy writing to me for ? " he cross to the window and open it ; Hermes fly inside , land upon Ron 's essay , and hold out a leg to which a letter be attach . Ron take it off and the owl depart at once , leave inky footprint across Ron 's drawing of the moon Io . " that be definitely Percy 's handwriting , " say Ron , sink back into his chair and stare at the word on the outside of the scroll : to Ronald Weasley , Gryffindor House , Hogwarts . he look up at the other two . " what d'you reckon ? " " open it ! " say Hermione eagerly . Harry nod . Ron unroll the scroll and begin to read . the farther down the parchment his eye travel , the more pronounced become his scowl . when he have finish reading , he look disgusted . he thrust the letter at Harry and Hermione , who lean toward each other to read it together : Dear Ron , I have only just hear ( from no less a person than the Minister of Magic himself , who have it from your new teacher , Professor Umbridge ) that you have become a Hogwarts prefect . I be most pleasantly surprise when I hear this news and must firstly offer my congratulation . I must admit that I have always be afraid that you would take what we might call the " Fred and George " route , rather than follow in my footstep , so you can imagine my feeling on hearing you have stop flout authority and have decide to shoulder some real responsibility . but I want to give you more than congratulation , Ron , I want to give you some advice , which be why I be send this at night rather than by the usual morning post . hopefully you will be able to read this away from pry eye and avoid awkward question . from something the Minister let slip when tell me you be now a prefect , I gather that you be still see a lot of Harry Potter . I must tell you , Ron , that nothing could put you in danger of lose your badge more than continue fraternization with that boy . yes , I be sure you be surprise to hear this -- no doubt you will say that Potter have always be Dumbledore 's favorite -- but I feel bind to tell you that Dumbledore may not be in charge at Hogwarts much longer and the people who count have a very different -- and probably more accurate -- view of Potters behavior . I shall say no more here , but if you look at the Daily Prophet tomorrow you will get a good idea of the way the wind be blow -- and see if you can spot yours truly ! seriously , Ron , you do not want to be tar with the same brush as Potter , it could be very damaging to your future prospect , and I be talk here about life after school too . as you must be aware , give that our father escort him to court , Potter have a disciplinary hearing this summer in front of the whole Wizengamot and he do not come out of it look too good . he get off on a mere technicality if you ask me and many of the people I have speak to remain convinced of his guilt . it may be that you be afraid to sever tie with Potter -- I know that he can be unbalance and , for all I know , violent -- but if you have any worry about this , or have spot anything else in Potter 's behavior that be trouble you , I urge you to speak to Dolores Umbridge , a really delightful woman , who I know will be only too happy to advise you . this lead me to my other bit of advice . as I have hint above , Dumbledore 's regime at Hogwarts may soon be over . your loyalty , Ron , should be not to him , but to the school and the Ministry . I be very sorry to hear that so far Professor Umbridge be encounter very little cooperation from staff as she strive to make those necessary change within Hogwarts that the Ministry so ardently desire ( although she should find this easy from next week -- again , see the Prophet tomorrow ! ) . I shall say only this -- a student who show himself willing to help Professor Umbridge now may be very well place for Head Boyship in a couple of year ! I be sorry that I be unable to see more of you over the summer . it pain me to criticize our parent , but I be afraid I can no longer live under their roof while they remain mix up with the dangerous crowd around Dumbledore ( if you be write to Mother at any point , you might tell her that a certain Sturgis Podmore , who be a great friend of Dumbledore 's , have recently be send to Azkaban for trespass at the Ministry . perhaps that will open their eye to the kind of petty criminal with whom they be currently rub shoulder ) . I count myself very lucky to have escape the stigma of association with such people -- the Minister really could not be more gracious to me -- and I do hope , Ron , that you will not allow family tie to blind you to the misguided nature of our parent ' belief and action either . I sincerely hope that , in time , they will realize how mistaken they be and I shall , of course , be ready to accept a full apology when that day come . please think over what I have say most carefully , particularly the bit about Harry Potter , and congratulation again on become prefect . your brother , Harry look up at Ron . " well , " he say , try to sound as though he find the whole thing a joke , " if you want to -- er -- what be it ? " ( he check Percy 's letter . ) " oh yeah -- ' sever tie ' with me , I swear I wo n't get violent . " " give it back , " say Ron , hold out his hand . " he be -- " Ron say jerkily , tear Percy 's letter in half , " the world 's " -- he tear it into quarter -- " big " -- he tear it into eighth -- " git . " he throw the piece into the fire . " come on , we have get to get this finish some time before dawn , " he say briskly to Harry , pull Professor Sinistra 's essay back toward him . Hermione be look at Ron with an odd expression on her face . " oh , give them here , " she say abruptly . " what ? " say Ron . " give them to me , I will look through them and correct them , " she say . " be you serious ? ah , Hermione , you be a lifesaver , " say Ron , " what can I -- ? " " what you can say be , ' we promise we will never leave our homework this late again , ' " she say , hold out both hand for their essay , but she look slightly amuse all the same . " thanks a million , Hermione , " say Harry weakly , pass over his essay and sink back into his armchair , rub his eye . it be now past midnight and the common room be desert but for the three of them and Crookshanks . the only sound be that of Hermione 's quill scratch out sentence here and there on their essay and the ruffle of page as she check various fact in the reference book strew across the table . Harry be exhaust . he also feel an odd , sick , empty feeling in his stomach that have nothing to do with tiredness and everything to do with the letter now curl blackly in the heart of the fire . he know that half the people inside Hogwarts think him strange , even mad ; he know that the Daily Prophet have be make snide allusion to him for month , but there be something about see it write down like that in Percy 's writing , about know that Percy be advise Ron to drop him and even to tell tale on him to Umbridge , that make his situation real to him as nothing else have . he have know Percy for four year , have stay in his house during the summer , share a tent with him during the Quidditch World Cup , have even be award full mark by him in the second task of the Triwizard Tournament last year , yet now , Percy think him unbalance and possibly violent . and with a surge of sympathy for his godfather , Harry think that Sirius be probably the only person he know who could really understand how he feel at the moment , because Sirius be in the same situation ; nearly everyone in the Wizarding world think Sirius a dangerous murderer and a great Voldemort supporter and he have have to live with that knowledge for fourteen year . ... Harry blink . he have just see something in the fire that could not have be there . it have flash into sight and vanish immediately . no ... it could not have be . ... he have imagine it because he have be think about Sirius . ... " Okay , write that down , " Hermione say to Ron , push his essay and a sheet cover in her own writing back to Ron , " and then copy out this conclusion that I have write for you . " " Hermione , you be honestly the most wonderful person I have ever meet , " say Ron weakly , " and if I be ever rude to you again -- " " - I will know you be back to normal , " say Hermione . " Harry , yours be okay except for this bit at the end , I think you must have mishear Professor Sinistra , Europa be cover in ice , not mouse -- Harry ? " Harry have slide off his chair onto his knee and be now crouch on the singe and threadbare hearthrug , gaze into the flame . " er -- Harry ? " say Ron uncertainly . " why be you down there ? " " because I have just see Sirius 's head in the fire , " say Harry . he speak quite calmly ; after all , he have see Sirius 's head in this very fire the previous year and talk to it too . nevertheless , he could not be sure that he have really see it this time . ... it have vanish so quickly . ... " Sirius 's head ? " Hermione repeat . " you mean like when he want to talk to you during the Triwizard Tournament ? but he would n't do that now , it would be too -- Sirius ! " she gasp , gaze at the fire ; Ron drop his quill . there in the middle of the dancing flame sit Sirius 's head , long dark hair fall around his grin face . " I be start to think you will go to bed before everyone else have disappear , " he say . " I have be check every hour . " " you have be pop into the fire every hour ? " Harry say , half laugh . " just for a few second to check if the coast be clear yet . " " but what if you have be see ? " say Hermione anxiously . " well , I think a girl -- first year by the look of her -- might have get a glimpse of me earlier , but do n't worry , " Sirius say hastily , as Hermione clap a hand to her mouth . " I be go the moment she look back at me and I will bet she just think I be an oddly shape log or something . " " but Sirius , this be take an awful risk -- " Hermione begin . " you sound like Molly , " say Sirius . " this be the only way I could come up with of answer Harry 's letter without resort to a code -- and code be breakable . " at the mention of Harry 's letter , Hermione and Ron have both turn to stare at him . " you do n't say you have write to Sirius ! " say Hermione accusingly . " I forget , " say Harry , which be perfectly true ; his meeting with Cho in the Owlery have drive everything before it out of his mind . " do n't look at me like that , Hermione , there be no way anyone would have get secret information out of it , be there , Sirius ? " " no , it be very good , " say Sirius , smile . " anyway , we will well be quick , just in case we be disturb -- your scar . " " what about -- ? " Ron begin , but Hermione say quickly , " we will tell you afterward , go on , Sirius . " " well , I know it ca n't be fun when it hurt , but we do n't think it 's anything to really worry about . it keep ache all last year , do n't it ? " " yeah , and Dumbledore say it happen whenever Voldemort be feel a powerful emotion , " say Harry , ignore , as usual , Ron and Hermione 's wince . " so maybe he be just , I dunno , really angry or something the night I have that detention . " " well , now he be back it be bind to hurt more often , " say Sirius . " so you do n't think it have anything to do with Umbridge touch me when I be in detention with her ? " Harry ask . " I doubt it , " say Sirius . " I know her by reputation and I be sure she be no death eater -- " " she be foul enough to be one , " say Harry darkly and Ron and Hermione nod vigorously in agreement . " yes , but the world be n't split into good people and death eater , " say Sirius with a wry smile . " I know she be a nasty piece of work , though -- you should hear Remus talk about her . " " do Lupin know her ? " ask Harry quickly , remember Umbridge 's comment about dangerous half-breed during her first lesson . " no , " say Sirius , " but she draft a bit of anti-werewolf legislation two year ago that make it almost impossible for him to get a job . " Harry remember how much shabby Lupin look these day and his dislike of Umbridge deepen even further . " what be she get against werewolf ? " say Hermione angrily . " scared of them , I expect , " say Sirius , smile at her indignation . " apparently she loathe part-humans ; she campaign to have mer-people round up and tag last year too . imagine waste your time and energy persecute merpeople when there be little toerags like Kreacher on the loose -- " Ron laugh but Hermione look upset . " Sirius ! " she say reproachfully . " honestly , if you make a bit of an effort with Kreacher I be sure he will respond , after all , you be the only member of his family he be get leave , and Professor Dumbledore say -- " " so what be Umbridge 's lesson like ? " Sirius interrupt . " be she train you all to kill half-breed ? " " no , " say Harry , ignore Hermione 's affront look at be cut off in her defense of Kreacher . " she be not let us use magic at all ! " " all we do be read the stupid textbook , " say Ron . " ah , well , that figure , " say Sirius . " our information from inside the Ministry be that Fudge do n't want you train in combat . " " train in combat ? " repeat Harry incredulously . " what do he think we be do here , form some sort of wizard army ? " " that be exactly what he think you be do , " say Sirius , " or rather , that be exactly what he be afraid Dumbledore be do -- form his own private army , with which he will be able to take on the Ministry of Magic . " there be a pause at this , then Ron say , " that be the stupid thing I have ever hear , include all the stuff that Luna Lovegood come out with . " " so we be be prevent from learn defense against the Dark Arts because Fudge be scare we will use spell against the Ministry ? " say Hermione , look furious . " Yep , " say Sirius . " fudge think Dumbledore will stop at nothing to seize power . he be get more paranoid about Dumbledore by the day . it be a matter of time before he have Dumbledore arrest on some trumped-up charge . " this remind Harry of Percy 's letter . " D'you know if there be go to be anything about Dumbledore in the Daily Prophet tomorrow ? only Ron 's brother Percy reckon there will be -- " " I do n't know , " say Sirius , " I have n't see anyone from the order all weekend , they be all busy . it have just be Kreacher and me here . ... " there be a definite note of bitterness in Sirius 's voice . " so you have n't have any news about Hagrid , either ? " " ah ... " say Sirius , " well , he be suppose to be back by now , no one be sure what be happen to him . " then , see their stricken face , he add quickly , " but Dumbledore 's not worry , so do n't you three get yourselves in a state ; I be sure Hagrid 's fine . " " but if he be suppose to be back by now ... " say Hermione in a small , worried voice . " Madame Maxime be with him , we have be in touch with her and she say they get separate on the journey home -- but there be nothing to suggest he 's hurt or -- well , nothing to suggest he be not perfectly okay . " unconvinced , Harry , Ron , and Hermione exchange worried look . " listen , do n't go ask too many question about Hagrid , " say Sirius hastily , " it will just draw even more attention to the fact that he be not back , and I know Dumbledore do n't want that . Hagrid 's tough , he will be okay . " and when they do not appear cheer by this , Sirius add , " when be your next Hogsmeade weekend anyway ? I be think , we get away with the dog disguise at the station , do n't we ? I think I could -- " " No ! " say Harry and Hermione together , very loudly . " Sirius , do n't you see the Daily Prophet ? " say Hermione anxiously . " oh that , " say Sirius , grin , " they be always guess where I be , they have n't really get a clue -- " " Yeah , but we think this time they have , " say Harry . " something Malfoy say on the train make us think he know it be you , and his father be on the platform , Sirius -- you know , Lucius Malfoy -- so do n't come up here , whatever you do , if Malfoy recognize you again -- " " all right , all right , I have get the point , " say Sirius . he look most displease . " just an idea , think you might like to get together -- " " I would , I just do n't want you chuck back in Azkaban ! " say Harry . there be a pause in which Sirius look out of the fire at Harry , a crease between his sunken eye . " you be less like your father than I think , " he say finally , a definite coolness in his voice . " the risk would have be what make it fun for James . " " look -- " " well , I will well get go , I can hear Kreacher come down the stair , " say Sirius , but Harry be sure he be lie . " I will write to tell you a time I can make it back into the fire , then , shall I ? if you can stand to risk it ? " there be a tiny pop , and the place where Sirius 's head have be be flicker flame once more . the Hogwarts High Inquisitor they have expect to have to comb Hermione 's Daily Prophet carefully next morning to find the article Percy have mention in his letter . however , the depart delivery owl have barely clear the top of the milk jug when Hermione let out a huge gasp and flatten the newspaper to reveal a large photograph of Dolores Umbridge , smile widely and blink slowly at them from beneath the headline : " ' High Inquisitor ' ? " say Harry darkly , his half-eaten bit of toast slip from his finger . " what do that mean ? " Hermione read aloud : " in a surprise move last night the Ministry of Magic pass new legislation give itself an unprecedented level of control at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . " ' the Minister have be grow uneasy about goings-on at Hogwarts for some time , ' say Junior Assistant to the Minister , Percy Weasley . ' he be now respond to concern voice by anxious parent , who feel the school may be move in a direction they do not approve . ' " this be not the first time in recent week Fudge have use new law to effect improvement at the Wizarding school . as recently as August 30th Educational Decree Twenty-two be pass , to ensure that , in the event of the current headmaster be unable to provide a candidate for a teaching post , the Ministry should select an appropriate person . " ' that be how Dolores Umbridge come to be appoint to the teaching staff at Hogwarts , ' say Weasley last night . ' Dumbledore could n't find anyone , so the Minister put in Umbridge and of course , she have be an immediate success - ' " " she have be a what ? " say Harry loudly . " wait , there be more , " say Hermione grimly . " ' - an immediate success , totally revolutionize the teaching of Defense against the dark art and provide the Minister with on-the-ground feedback about what be really happen at Hogwarts . ' " it be this last function that the Ministry have now formalize with the passing of Educational Decree Twenty-three , which create the new position of ' Hogwarts High Inquisitor . ' " ' this be an exciting new phase in the Minister 's plan to get to grip with what some be call the " fall standard " at Hogwarts , ' say Weasley . ' the inquisitor will have power to inspect her fellow educator and make sure that they be come up to scratch . Professor Umbridge have be offer this position in addition to her own teaching post , and we be delight to say that she have accept . ' " the Ministry 's new move have receive enthusiastic support from parent of student at Hogwarts . " ' I feel much easy in my mind now that I know that Dumbledore be be subject to fair and objective evaluation , ' say Mr. Lucius Malfoy , @card@ , speak from his Wiltshire mansion last night . ' many of us with our child 's good interest at heart have be concern about some of Dumbledore 's eccentric decision in the last few year and will be glad to know that the Ministry be keep an eye on the situation . ' " among those ' eccentric decision ' be undoubtedly the controversial staff appointment previously describe in this newspaper , which have include the hiring of werewolf Remus Lupin , half giant Rubeus Hagrid , and delusional ex-Auror ' Mad-Eye ' Moody . " rumor abound , of course , that Albus Dumbledore , once Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot , be no longer up to the task of manage the prestigious school of Hogwarts . " ' I think the appointment of the inquisitor be a first step toward ensure that Hogwarts have a headmaster in whom we can all repose confidence , ' say a Ministry insider last night . " Wizengamot elder Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden have resign in protest at the introduction of the post of Inquisitor to Hogwarts . " ' Hogwarts be a school , not an outpost of Cornelius Fudge 's office,'said Madam Marchbanks . ' this be a further disgusting attempt to discredit Albus Dumbledore . ' ( for a full account of Madam Marchbanks ' alleged link to subversive goblin group , turn to page @card@ ) . " Hermione finish reading and look across the table at the other two . " so now we know how we end up with Umbridge ! fudge pass this ' Educational Decree ' and force her on us ! and now he have give her the power to inspect other teacher ! " Hermione be breathe fast and her eye be very bright . " I ca n't believe this . it be outrageous . ... " " I know it be , " say Harry . he look down at his right hand , clench upon the tabletop , and see the faint white outline of the word Umbridge have force him to cut into his skin . but a grin be unfurl on Ron 's face . " what ? " say Harry and Hermione together , stare at him . " oh , I ca n't wait to see McGonagall inspect , " say Ron happily . " Umbridge wo n't know what have hit her . " " well , come on , " say Hermione , jump up , " we will well get go , if she be inspect Binns 's class we do n't want to be late . ... " but Professor Umbridge be not inspect their history of Magic lesson , which be just as dull as the previous Monday , nor be she in Snape 's dungeon when they arrive for double potion , where Harry 's moonstone essay be hand back to him with a large , spiky black D scrawl in an upper corner . " I have award you the grade you would have receive if you present this work in your O.W.L , " say Snape with a smirk , as he sweep among them , pass back their homework . " this should give you a realistic idea of what to expect in your examination . " Snape reach the front of the class and turn to face them . " the general standard of this homework be abysmal . most of you would have fail have this be your examination . I expect to see a great deal more effort for this week 's essay on the various variety of venom antidote , or I shall have to start hand out detention to those dunce who get D 's . " he smirk as Malfoy snigger and say in a carry whisper , " some people get D 's ? Ha ! " Harry realize that Hermione be look sideways to see what grade he have receive ; he slide his moonstone essay back into his bag as quickly as possible , feel that he would rather keep that information private . determine not to give Snape an excuse to fail him this lesson , Harry read and reread every line of the instruction on the blackboard at least three time before act on them . his Strengthening Solution be not precisely the clear turquoise shade of Hermione 's but it be at least blue rather than pink , like Neville 's , and he deliver a flask of it to Snape 's desk at the end of the lesson with a feeling of mingle defiance and relief . " well , that be n't as bad as last week , be it ? " say Hermione , as they climb the step out of the dungeon and make their way across the entrance hall toward lunch . " and the homework do n't go too badly either , do it ? " when neither Ron nor Harry answer , she press on , " I mean , all right , I do n't expect the top grade , not if he be mark to O.W.L. standard , but a pass be quite encourage at this stage , would n't you say ? " Harry make a noncommittal noise in his throat . " of course , a lot can happen between now and the exam , we have get plenty of time to improve , but the grade we be get now be a sort of baseline , be n't they ? something we can build on ... " they sit down together at the Gryffindor table . " obviously , I will have be thrill if I have get an O -- " " Hermione , " say Ron sharply , " if you want to know what grade we get , ask . " " I do n't -- I do n't mean -- well , if you want to tell me -- " " I get a P , " say Ron , ladle soup into his bowl . " happy ? " " well , that be nothing to be ashamed of , " say Fred , who have just arrive at the table with George and Lee Jordan and be sit down on Harry 's right . " nothing wrong with a good healthy P. " " but , " say Hermione , " do n't P stand for ... " " ' Poor , ' yeah , " say Lee Jordan . " still , good than D , be n't it ? ' Dreadful ' ? " Harry feel his face grow warm and fake a small cough fit over his roll . when he emerge from this he be sorry to find that Hermione be still in full flow about O.W.L. grade . " so top grade 's O for ' outstanding , ' " she be say , " and then there be a -- " " no , E , " George correct her , " E for ' Exceeds expectation . ' and I have always think Fred and I should have get E in everything , because we exceed expectation just by turn up for the exam . " they all laugh except Hermione , who plow on , " so after E , it be a for ' acceptable , ' and that be the last pass grade , be n't it ? " " Yep , " say Fred , dunk an entire roll in his soup , transfer it to his mouth , and swallow it whole . " then you get P for ' Poor ' " -- Ron raise both his arm in mock celebration -- " and D for ' dreadful . ' " " and then T , " George remind him . " T ? " ask Hermione , look appall . " even low than a D ? what on earth doe that stand for ? " " ' Troll , ' " say George promptly . Harry laugh again , though he be not sure whether or not George be joke . he imagine try to conceal from Hermione that he have receive T be in all his O.W.L.s and immediately resolve to work harder from now on . " you lot have an inspect lesson yet ? " Fred ask them . " no , " say Hermione at once , " have you ? " " just now , before lunch , " say George . " charm . " " what be it like ? " Harry and Hermione ask together . Fred shrug . " not that bad . Umbridge just lurk in the corner make note on a clipboard . you know what Flitwick be like , he treat her like a guest , do n't seem to bother him at all . she do n't say much . ask Alicia a couple of question about what the class be normally like , Alicia tell her they be really good , that be it . " " I ca n't see old Flitwick get mark down , " say George , " he usually get everyone through their exam all right . " " who have you get this afternoon ? " Fred ask Harry . " Trelawney -- " " a T if ever I see one -- " " - and Umbridge herself . " " well , be a good boy and keep your temper with Umbridge today , " say George . " Angelina will do her nut if you miss any more Quidditch practice . " but Harry do not have to wait for Defense against the dark art to meet Professor Umbridge . he be pull out his dream diary in a seat at the very back of the shadowy divination room when Ron elbow him in the rib and , look round , he see Professor Umbridge emerge through the trapdoor in the floor . the class , which have be talk cheerily , fall silent at once . the abrupt fall in the noise level make Professor Trelawney , who have be waft about hand out dream oracle , look round . " good afternoon , Professor Trelawney , " say Professor Umbridge with her wide smile . " you receive my note , I trust ? give the time and date of your inspection ? " Professor Trelawney nod curtly and , look very disgruntled , turn her back on Professor Umbridge and continue to give out book . still smile , Professor Umbridge grasp the back of the near armchair and pull it to the front of the class so that it be a few inch behind Professor Trelawney 's seat . she then sit down , take her clipboard from her flowery bag , and look up expectantly , wait for the class to begin . Professor Trelawney pull her shawl tight about her with slightly tremble hand and survey the class through her hugely magnifying lens . " we shall be continue our study of prophetic dream today , " she say in a brave attempt at her usual mystic tone , though her voice shake slightly . " divide into pair , please , and interpret each other 's late nighttime vision with the aid of the Oracle . " she make as though to sweep back to her seat , see Professor Umbridge sit right beside it , and immediately veer leave toward Parvati and Lavender , who be already deep in discussion about Parvati 's most recent dream . Harry open his copy of the dream Oracle , watch Umbridge covertly . she be make note on her clipboard now . after a few minute she get to her foot and begin to pace the room in Trelawney 's wake , listen to her conversation with student and pose question here and there . Harry bend his head hurriedly over his book . " think of a dream , quick , " he tell Ron , " in case the old toad come our way . " " I do it last time , " Ron protest , " it be your turn , you tell me one . " " oh , I dunno ... " say Harry desperately , who could not remember dream anything at all over the last few day . " Let 's say I dream I be ... drown Snape in my cauldron . yeah , that will do . ... " Ron chortle as he open his dream Oracle . " okay , we have get to add your age to the date you have the dream , the number of letter in the subject ... would that be ' drown ' or ' cauldron ' or ' Snape ' ? " " it do n't matter , pick any of them , " say Harry , chance a glance behind him . Professor Umbridge be now stand at Professor Trelawney 's shoulder make note while the Divination teacher question Neville about his dream diary . " what night do you dream this again ? " Ron say , immerse in calculation . " I dunno , last night , whenever you like , " Harry tell him , try to listen to what Umbridge be say to Professor Trelawney . they be only a table away from him and Ron now . Professor Umbridge be make another note on her clipboard and Professor Trelawney be look extremely put out . " now , " say Umbridge , look up at Trelawney , " you have be in this post how long , exactly ? " Professor Trelawney scowl at her , arm cross and shoulder hunch as though wish to protect herself as much as possible from the indignity of the inspection . after a slight pause in which she seem to decide that the question be not so offensive that she could reasonably ignore it , she say in a deeply resentful tone , " nearly sixteen year . " " quite a period , " say Professor Umbridge , make a note on her clipboard . " so it be Professor Dumbledore who appoint you ? " " that be right , " say Professor Trelawney shortly . Professor Umbridge make another note . " and you be a great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney ? " " yes , " say Professor Trelawney , hold her head a little high . another note on the clipboard . " but I think -- correct me if I be mistake -- that you be the first in your family since Cassandra to be possess of second sight ? " " these thing often skip -- er -- three generation , " say Professor Trelawney . Professor Umbridge 's toadlike smile widen . " of course , " she say sweetly , make yet another note . " well , if you could just predict something for me , then ? " she look up inquiringly , still smile . Professor Trelawney have stiffen as though unable to believe her ear . " I do n't understand you , " say Professor Trelawney , clutch convulsively at the shawl around her scrawny neck . " I will like you to make a prediction for me , " say Professor Umbridge very clearly . Harry and Ron be not the only people watch and listen sneakily from behind their book now ; most of the class be stare transfix at Professor Trelawney as she draw herself up to her full height , her bead and bangle clink . " the Inner Eye do not see upon command ! " she say in scandalize tone . " I see , " say Professor Umbridge softly , make yet another note on her clipboard . " I -- but -- but ... wait ! " say Professor Trelawney suddenly , in an attempt at her usual ethereal voice , though the mystical effect be ruin somewhat by the way it be shake with anger . " I ... I think I do see something ... something that concern you . ... why , I sense something ... something dark ... some grave peril ... " Professor Trelawney point a shake finger at Professor Umbridge who continue to smile blandly at her , eyebrow raise . " I be afraid ... I be afraid that you be in grave danger ! " Professor Trelawney finish dramatically . there be a pause . Professor Umbridge 's eyebrow be still raise . " right , " she say softly , scribble on her clipboard once more . " well , if that be really the good you can do ... " she turn away , leave Professor Trelawney standing root to the spot , her chest heave . Harry catch Ron 's eye and know that Ron be think exactly the same as he be : they both know that Professor Trelawney be an old fraud , but on the other hand , they loathe Umbridge so much that they feel very much on Trelawney 's side -- until she swoop down on them a few second later , that be . " well ? " she say , snap her long finger under Harry 's nose , uncharacteristically brisk . " let me see the start you have make on your dream diary , please . " and by the time she have interpret Harry 's dream at the top of her voice ( all of which , even the one that involve eating porridge , apparently foretell a gruesome and early death ) , he be feel much less sympathetic toward her . all the while , Professor Umbridge stand a few foot away , make note on that clipboard , and when the bell ring she descend the silver ladder first so that she be wait for them all when they reach their defense against the Dark Arts lesson ten minute later . she be hum and smile to herself when they enter the room . Harry and Ron tell Hermione , who have be in Arithmancy , exactly what have happen in Divination while they all take out their copy of Defensive Magical Theory , but before Hermione could ask any question Professor Umbridge have call them all to order and silence fall . " wand away , " she instruct them all smilingly , and those people who have be hopeful enough to take them out sadly return them to their bag . " as we finish chapter one last lesson , I would like you all to turn to page nineteen today and commence chapter two , ' Common Defensive Theories and their derivation . ' there will be no need to talk . " still smile her wide , self-satisfied smile , she sit down at her desk . the class give an audible sigh as it turn , as one , to page nineteen . Harry wonder dully whether there be enough chapter in the book to keep them read through all this year 's lesson and be on the point of check the content when he notice that Hermione have her hand in the air again . Professor Umbridge have notice too , and what be more , she seem to have work out a strategy for just such an eventuality . instead of try to pretend she have not notice Hermione , she get to her foot and walk around the front row of desk until they be face-to-face , then she bend down and whisper , so that the rest of the class could not hear , " what be it this time , Miss Granger ? " " I have already read chapter two , " say Hermione . " well then , proceed to chapter three . " " I have read that too . I have read the whole book . " Professor Umbridge blink but recover her poise almost instantly . " well , then , you should be able to tell me what Slinkhard say about counterjinxes in chapter fifteen . " " he say that counterjinxes be improperly name , " say Hermione promptly . " he say ' counterjinx ' be just a name people give their jinx when they want to make them sound more acceptable . " Professor Umbridge raise her eyebrow , and Harry know she be impress against her will . " but I disagree , " Hermione continue . Professor Umbridge 's eyebrow rise a little high and her gaze become distinctly cold . " you disagree ? " " yes , I do , " say Hermione , who , unlike Umbridge , be not whisper , but speak in a clear , carry voice that have by now attract the rest of the class 's attention . " Mr. Slinkhard do n't like jinx , do he ? but I think they can be very useful when they be use defensively . " " oh , you do , do you ? " say Professor Umbridge , forget to whisper and straighten up . " well , I be afraid it be Mr. Slinkhard 's opinion , and not yours , that matter within this classroom , Miss Granger . " " but -- " Hermione begin . " that be enough , " say Professor Umbridge . she walk back to the front of the class and stand before them , all the jauntiness she have show at the beginning of the lesson go . " Miss Granger , I be go to take five point from Gryffindor House . " there be an outbreak of mutter at this . " what for ? " say Harry angrily . " do n't you get involve ! " Hermione whisper urgently to him . " for disrupt my class with pointless interruption , " say Professor Umbridge smoothly . " I be here to teach you use a Ministry-approved method that do not include invite student to give their opinion on matter about which they understand very little . your previous teacher in this subject may have allow you more license , but as none of them -- with the possible exception of Professor Quirrell , who do at least appear to have restrict himself to age-appropriate subject -- would have pass a Ministry inspection -- " " Yeah , Quirrell be a great teacher , " say Harry loudly , " there be just that minor drawback of him have Lord Voldemort stick out of the back of his head . " this pronouncement be follow by one of the loud silence Harry have ever hear . then - " I think another week 's detention would do you some good , Mr. Potter , " say Umbridge sleekly . * * * the cut on the back of Harry 's hand have barely heal and by the follow morning , it be bleed again . he do not complain during the evening 's detention ; he be determine not to give Umbridge the satisfaction ; over and over again he write I must not tell lie and not a sound escape his lip , though the cut deepen with every letter . the very bad part of this second week 's worth of detention be , just as George have predict , Angelina 's reaction . she corner him just as he arrive at the Gryffindor table for breakfast on Tuesday and shout so loudly that Professor McGonagall come sweep down upon the pair of them from the staff table . " Miss Johnson , how dare you make such a racket in the Great Hall ! five point from Gryffindor ! " " but Professor -- he be go and land himself in detention again -- " " what be this , Potter ? " say Professor McGonagall sharply , round on Harry . " detention ? from whom ? " " from Professor Umbridge , " mutter Harry , not meet Professor McGonagall 's beady , square-framed eye . " be you tell me , " she say , lower her voice so that the group of curious Ravenclaws behind them could not hear , " that after the warning I give you last Monday you lose your temper in Professor Umbridge 's class again ? " " yes , " Harry mutter , speak to the floor . " Potter , you must get a grip on yourself ! you be head for serious trouble ! another five point from Gryffindor ! " " but -- what ? professor , no ! " Harry say , furious at this injustice . " I be already be punish by her , why do you have to take point as well ? " " because detention do not appear to have any effect on you whatsoever ! " say Professor McGonagall tartly . " no , not another word of complaint , Potter ! and as for you , Miss Johnson , you will confine your shout match to the Quidditch pitch in future or risk lose the team captaincy ! " she stride back toward the staff table . Angelina give Harry a look of deep disgust and stalk away , upon which Harry fling himself onto the bench beside Ron , fume . " she have take point off Gryffindor because I be have my hand slice open every night ! how be that fair , how ? " " I know , mate , " say Ron sympathetically , tip bacon onto Harry 's plate , " she be bang out of order . " Hermione , however , merely rustle the page of her Daily Prophet and say nothing . " you think McGonagall be right , do you ? " say Harry angrily to the picture of Cornelius Fudge obscure Hermione 's face . " I wish she have n't take point from you , but I think she be right to warn you not to lose your temper with Umbridge , " say Hermione 's voice , while Fudge gesticulate forcefully from the front page , clearly give some kind of speech . Harry do not speak to Hermione all through Charms , but when they enter transfiguration he forget his anger ; Professor Umbridge and her clipboard be sit in a corner and the sight of her drive the memory of breakfast right out of his head . " excellent , " whisper Ron , as they sit down in their usual seat . " let be see Umbridge get what she deserve . " Professor McGonagall march into the room without give the slight indication that she know Professor Umbridge be there . " that will do , " she say and silence fall immediately . " Mr. Finnigan , kindly come here and hand back the homework -- Miss Brown , please take this box of mouse -- do n't be silly , girl , they wo n't hurt you -- and hand one to each student -- " " Hem , hem , " say Professor Umbridge , employ the same silly little cough she have use to interrupt Dumbledore on the first night of term . Professor McGonagall ignore her . Seamus hand back Harry 's essay ; Harry take it without look at him and see , to his relief , that he have manage an A. " right then , everyone , listen closely -- Dean Thomas , if you do that to the mouse again I shall put you in detention -- most of you have now successfully vanish your snail and even those who be leave with a certain amount of shell have the gist of the spell . today we shall be -- " " Hem , hem , " say Professor Umbridge . " yes ? " say Professor McGonagall , turn round , her eyebrow so close together they seem to form one long , severe line . " I be just wonder , Professor , whether you receive my note tell you of the date and time of your inspec -- " " obviously I receive it , or I would have ask you what you be do in my classroom , " say Professor McGonagall , turn her back firmly on Professor Umbridge . many of the student exchange look of glee . " as I be say , today we shall be practice the altogether more difficult vanishment of mouse . now , the Vanishing Spell -- " " Hem , hem . " " I wonder , " say Professor McGonagall in cold fury , turn on Professor Umbridge , " how you expect to gain an idea of my usual teaching method if you continue to interrupt me ? you see , I do not generally permit people to talk when I be talk . " Professor Umbridge look as though she have just be slap in the face . she do not speak , but straighten the parchment on her clipboard and begin scribble furiously . look supremely unconcerned , Professor McGonagall address the class once more . " as I be say , the Vanishing Spell become more difficult with the complexity of the animal to be vanish . the snail , as an invertebrate , do not present much of a challenge ; the mouse , as a mammal , offer a much great one . this be not , therefore , magic you can accomplish with your mind on your dinner . so -- you know the incantation , let me see what you can do . ... " " how she can lecture me about not lose my temper with Umbridge ! " Harry say to Ron under his voice , but he be grin ; his anger with Professor McGonagall have quite evaporate . Professor Umbridge do not follow Professor McGonagall around the class as she have follow Professor Trelawney ; perhaps she think that Professor McGonagall would not permit it . she do , however , take many more note while she sit in her corner , and when Professor McGonagall finally tell them all to pack away , rise with a grim expression on her face . " well , it be a start , " say Ron , hold up a long , wriggle mouse tail and drop it back into the box Lavender be pass around . as they file out of the classroom , Harry see Professor Umbridge approach the teacher 's desk ; he nudge Ron , who nudge Hermione in turn , and the three of them deliberately fall back to eavesdrop . " how long have you be teach at Hogwarts ? " Professor Umbridge ask . " Thirty-nine year this December , " say Professor McGonagall brusquely , snap her bag shut . Professor Umbridge make a note . " very well , " she say , " you will receive the result of your inspection in ten day ' time . " " I can hardly wait , " say Professor McGonagall in a coldly indifferent voice , and she stride off toward the door . " hurry up , you three , " she add , sweep Harry , Ron , and Hermione before her . Harry could not help give her a faint smile and could have swear he receive one in return . he have think that the next time he would see Umbridge would be in his detention that evening , but he be wrong . when they walk down the lawn toward the forest for Care of Magical Creatures , they find her and her clipboard wait for them beside Professor Grubbly-Plank . " you do not usually take this class , be that correct ? " Harry hear her ask as they arrive at the trestle table where the group of captive bowtruckles be scrabble around for wood louse like so many living twig . " quite correct , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank , hand behind her back and bounce on the ball of her foot . " I be a substitute teacher stand in for Professor Hagrid . " Harry exchange uneasy look with Ron and Hermione . Malfoy be whisper with Crabbe and Goyle ; he would surely love this opportunity to tell tale on Hagrid to a member of the Ministry . " hmm , " say Professor Umbridge , drop her voice , though Harry could still hear her quite clearly , " I wonder -- the headmaster seem strangely reluctant to give me any information on the matter -- can you tell me what be cause Professor Hagrid 's very extend leave of absence ? " Harry see Malfoy look up eagerly . " ' Fraid I ca n't , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank breezily . " do n't know anything more about it than you do . get an owl from Dumbledore , would I like a couple of week teach work , accept -- that be as much as I know . well ... shall I get start then ? " " yes , please do , " say Professor Umbridge , scribble upon her clipboard . Umbridge take a different tack in this class and wander among the student , question them on magical creature . most people be able to answer well and Harry 's spirit lift somewhat ; at least the class be not let Hagrid down . " overall , " say Professor Umbridge , return to Professor Grubbly-Plank 's side after a lengthy interrogation of Dean Thomas , " how do you , as a temporary member of staff -- an objective outsider , I suppose you might say -- how do you find Hogwarts ? do you feel you receive enough support from the school management ? " " oh , yes , Dumbledore 's excellent , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank heartily . " no , I be very happy with the way thing be run , very happy indeed . " look politely incredulous , Umbridge make a tiny note on her clipboard and go on , " and what be you plan to cover with this class this year -- assume , of course , that Professor Hagrid do not return ? " " oh , I will take them through the creature that most often come up in O.W.L. , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank . " not much leave to do -- they have study unicorn and nifflers , I think we will cover porlocks and kneazles , make sure they can recognize crups and knarls , you know . ... " " well , you seem to know what you be do , at any rate , " say Professor Umbridge , make a very obvious tick on her clipboard . Harry do not like the emphasis she put on " you " and like it even less when she put her next question to Goyle : " now , I hear there have be injury in this class ? " Goyle give a stupid grin . Malfoy hasten to answer the question . " that be me , " he say . " I be slash by a hippogriff . " " a hippogriff ? " say Professor Umbridge , now scribble frantically . " only because he be too stupid to listen to what Hagrid tell him to do , " say Harry angrily . both Ron and Hermione groan . Professor Umbridge turn her head slowly in Harry 's direction . " another night 's detention , I think , " she say softly . " well , thank you very much , Professor Grubbly-Plank , I think that be all I need here . you will be receive the result of your inspection within ten day . " " jolly good , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank , and Professor Umbridge set off back across the lawn to the castle . * * * it be nearly midnight when Harry leave Umbridge 's office that night , his hand now bleed so severely that it be stain the scarf he have wrap around it . he expect the common room to be empty when he return , but Ron and Hermione have sit up wait for him . he be please to see them , especially as Hermione be dispose to be sympathetic rather than critical . " here , " she say anxiously , push a small bowl of yellow liquid toward him , " soak your hand in that , it be a solution of strained and pickled murtlap tentacle , it should help . " Harry place his bleeding , ache hand into the bowl and experience a wonderful feeling of relief . Crookshanks curl around his leg , purr loudly , and then leap into his lap and settle down . " thanks , " he say gratefully , scratch behind Crookshanks 's ear with his left hand . " I still reckon you should complain about this , " say Ron in a low voice . " no , " say Harry flatly . " McGonagall would go nut if she know -- " " Yeah , she probably would , " say Harry . " and how long d'you reckon it will take Umbridge to pass another decree say anyone who complain about the High Inquisitor get sack immediately ? " Ron open his mouth to retort but nothing come out and after a moment he close it again in a defeat sort of way . " she be an awful woman , " say Hermione in a small voice . " awful . you know , I be just say to Ron when you come in ... we have get to do something about her . " " I suggest poison , " say Ron grimly . " no ... I mean , something about what a dreadful teacher she be , and how we be not go to learn any defense from her at all , " say Hermione . " well , what can we do about that ? " say Ron , yawn . " ' S too late , be n't it ? she get the job , she be here to stay , Fudge will make sure of that . " " well , " say Hermione tentatively . " you know , I be think today . ... " she shoot a slightly nervous look at Harry and then plunge on , " I be think that -- maybe the time be come when we should just -- just do it ourselves . " " do what ourselves ? " say Harry suspiciously , still float his hand in the essence of murtlap tentacle . " well -- learn defense against the Dark Arts ourselves , " say Hermione . " come off it , " groan Ron . " you want us to do extra work ? D'you realize Harry and I be behind on homework again and it be only the second week ? " " but this be much more important than homework ! " say Hermione . Harry and Ron goggle at her . " I do n't think there be anything in the universe more important than homework , " say Ron . " do n't be silly , of course there be ! " say Hermione , and Harry see , with an ominous feeling , that her face be suddenly alight with the kind of fervor that S.P.E.W. usually inspire in her . " it be about prepare ourselves , like Harry say in Umbridge 's first lesson , for what be wait out there . it be about make sure we really can defend ourselves . if we do n't learn anything for a whole year -- " " we ca n't do much by ourselves , " say Ron in a defeat voice . " I mean , all right , we can go and look jinx up in the library and try and practice them , I suppose -- " " no , I agree , we have go past the stage where we can just learn thing out of book , " say Hermione . " we need a teacher , a proper one , who can show us how to use the spell and correct us if we be go wrong . " " if you be talk about Lupin ... " Harry begin . " no , no , I be not talk about Lupin , " say Hermione . " he be too busy with the order and anyway , the most we could see him be during Hogsmeade weekend and that be not nearly often enough . " " who , then ? " say Harry , frown at her . Hermione heave a very deep sigh . " be n't it obvious ? " she say . " I be talk about you , Harry . " there be a moment 's silence . a light night breeze rattle the windowpane behind Ron and the fire gutter . " about me what ? " say Harry . " I be talk about you teach us defense against the dark art . " Harry stare at her . then he turn to Ron , ready to exchange the exasperate look they sometimes share when Hermione elaborate on far-fetched scheme like S.P.E.W. to Harry 's consternation , however , Ron do not look exasperate . he be frown slightly , apparently think . then he say , " that be an idea . " " what be an idea ? " say Harry . " you , " say Ron . " teach us to do it . " " but ... " Harry be grin now , sure the pair of them be pull his leg . " but I be not a teacher , I ca n't -- " " Harry , you be the good in the year at Defense against the Dark Art , " say Hermione . " me ? " say Harry , now grin more broadly than ever . " no I be not , you have beat me in every test -- " " actually , I have n't , " say Hermione coolly . " you beat me in our third year -- the only year we both sit the test and have a teacher who actually know the subject . but I be not talk about test result , Harry . look what you have do ! " " how d'you mean ? " " you know what , I be not sure I want someone this stupid teaching me , " Ron say to Hermione , smirk slightly . he turn to Harry . " let be think , " he say , pull a face like Goyle concentrate . " uh ... first year -- you save the Stone from You-Know-Who . " " but that be luck , " say Harry , " that be n't skill -- " " second year , " Ron interrupt , " you kill the basilisk and destroy Riddle . " " yeah , but if Fawkes have n't turn up I -- " " third year , " say Ron , louder still , " you fight off about a hundred dementors at once -- " " you know that be a fluke , if the Time-Turner have n't -- " " last year , " Ron say , almost shout now , " you fight off You-Know-Who again -- " " Listen to me ! " say Harry , almost angrily , because Ron and Hermione be both smirk now . " just listen to me , all right ? it sound great when you say it like that , but all that stuff be luck -- I do n't know what I be do half the time , I do n't plan any of it , I just do whatever I could think of , and I nearly always have help -- " Ron and Hermione be still smirk and Harry feel his temper rise ; he be n't even sure why he be feel so angry . " do n't sit there grin like you know good than I do , I be there , be n't I ? " he say heatedly . " I know what go on , all right ? and I do n't get through any of that because I be brilliant at Defense against the dark art , I get through it all because -- because help come at the right time , or because I guess right -- but I just blunder through it all , I do n't have a clue what I be do -- Stop LAUGHING ! " the bowl of murtlap essence fall to the floor and smash . he become aware that he be on his foot , though he could n't remember stand up . Crookshanks streak away under a sofa ; Ron and Hermione 's smile have vanish . " you do n't know what it be like ! you -- neither of you -- you have never have to face him , have you ? you think it be just memorize a bunch of spell and throw them at him , like you be in class or something ? the whole time you know there be nothing between you and die except your own -- your own brain or gut or whatever -- like you can think straight when you know you be about a second from be murder , or torture , or watch your friend die -- they have never teach us that in their class , what it be like to deal with thing like that -- and you two sit there act like I be a clever little boy to be stand here , alive , like Diggory be stupid , like he mess up -- you just do n't get it , that could just as easily have be me , it would have be if Voldemort have n't need me -- " " we be n't say anything like that , mate , " say Ron , look aghast . " we be n't have a go at Diggory , we do n't -- you have get the wrong end of the -- " he look helplessly at Hermione , whose face be strike . " Harry , " she say timidly , " do n't you see ? this ... this be exactly why we need you . ... we need to know what it be r-really like ... face him ... face V-Voldemort . " it be the first time she have ever say Voldemort 's name , and it be this , more than anything else , that calm Harry . still breathe hard , he sink back into his chair , become aware as he do so that his hand be throb horribly again . he wish he have not smash the bowl of murtlap essence . " well ... think about it , " say Hermione quietly . " please ? " Harry could not think of anything to say . he be feel ashamed of his outburst already . he nod , hardly aware of what he be agree to . Hermione stand up . " well , I be off to bed , " she say in a voice that be clearly as natural as she could make it . " erm ... ' night . " Ron have get to his foot too . " come ? " he say awkwardly to Harry . " yeah , " say Harry . " in ... in a minute . I will just clear this up . " he indicate the smashed bowl on the floor . Ron nod and leave . " Reparo , " Harry mutter , point his wand at the break piece of china . they fly back together , good as new , but there be no return the murtlap essence to the bowl . he be suddenly so tired that he be tempt to sink back into his armchair and sleep there , but instead he get to his foot and follow Ron upstairs . his restless night be punctuate once more by dream of long corridor and locked door , and he awake next day with his scar prickle again . in the Hog 's Head Hermione make no mention of Harry give defense against the Dark Art lesson for two whole week after her original suggestion . Harry 's detention with Umbridge be finally over ( he doubt whether the word now etch on the back of his hand would ever fade entirely ) ; Ron have have four more Quidditch practice and not be shout at during the last two ; and all three of them have manage to vanish their mouse in Transfiguration ( Hermione have actually progress to vanish kitten ) , before the subject be broach again , on a wild , blustery evening at the end of September , when the three of them be sit in the library , look up potion ingredient for Snape . " I be wonder , " Hermione say suddenly , " whether you have think any more about Defense against the Dark Arts , Harry . " " ' Course I have , " say Harry grumpily . " can n't forget it , can we , with that hag teach us -- " " I mean the idea Ron and I have " -- Ron cast her an alarmed , threatening kind of look ; she frown at him -- " oh , all right , the idea I have , then -- about you teach us . " Harry do not answer at once . he pretend to be peruse a page of Asiatic Anti-Venoms , because he do not want to say what be in his mind . the fact be that he have give the matter a great deal of thought over the past fortnight . sometimes it seem an insane idea , just as it have on the night Hermione have propose it , but at other , he have find himself thinking about the spell that have serve him good in his various encounter with dark creature and death eater -- find himself , in fact , subconsciously plan lesson . ... " well , " he say slowly , when he could not pretend to find Asiatic anti-venoms interesting much longer , " yeah , I -- I have think about it a bit . " " and ? " say Hermione eagerly . " I dunno , " say Harry , play for time . he look up at Ron . " I think it be a good idea from the start , " say Ron , who seem keener to join in this conversation now that he be sure that Harry be not go to start shout again . Harry shift uncomfortably in his chair . " you do listen to what I say about a load of it be luck , do n't you ? " " yes , Harry , " say Hermione gently , " but all the same , there be no point pretend that you be not good at Defense against the Dark Arts , because you be . you be the only person last year who could throw off the Imperius Curse completely , you can produce a Patronus , you can do all sort of stuff that full-grown wizard ca n't , Viktor always say -- " Ron look around at her so fast he appear to crick his neck ; rub it , he say , " Yeah ? what do Vicky say ? " " Ho Ho , " say Hermione in a bored voice . " he say Harry know how to do stuff even he do n't , and he be in the final year at Durmstrang . " Ron be look at Hermione suspiciously . " you be not still in contact with him , be you ? " " so what if I be ? " say Hermione coolly , though her face be a little pink . " I can have a pen pal if I -- " " he do n't only want to be your pen pal , " say Ron accusingly . Hermione shake her head exasperatedly and , ignore Ron , who be continue to watch her , say to Harry , " well , what do you think ? will you teach us ? " " just you and Ron , yeah ? " " well , " say Hermione , now look a mite anxious again . " well ... now , do n't fly off the handle again , Harry , please . ... but I really think you ought to teach anyone who want to learn . I mean , we be talk about defend ourselves against V-Voldemort -- oh , do n't be pathetic , Ron -- it do n't seem fair if we do n't offer the chance to other people . " Harry consider this for a moment , then say , " Yeah , but I doubt anyone except you two would want to be teach by me . I be a nutter , remember ? " " well , I think you might be surprise how many people would be interested in hear what you have get to say , " say Hermione seriously . " look , " she lean toward him ; Ron , who be still watch her with a frown on his face , lean forward to listen too , " you know the first weekend in October be a Hogsmeade weekend ? how would it be if we tell anyone who be interested to meet us in the village and we can talk it over ? " " why do we have to do it outside school ? " say Ron . " because , " say Hermione , return to the diagram of the Chinese Chomping Cabbage she be copy , " I do n't think Umbridge would be very happy if she find out what we be up to . " Harry have be look forward to the weekend trip into Hogsmeade , but there be one thing worry him . Sirius have maintain a stony silence since he have appear in the fire at the beginning of September ; Harry know they have make him angry by say that they do not want him to come -- but he still worry from time to time that Sirius might throw caution to the wind and turn up anyway . what be they go to do if the great black dog come bound up the street toward them in Hogsmeade , perhaps under the nose of Draco Malfoy ? " well , you ca n't blame him for want to get out and about , " say Ron , when Harry discuss his fear with him and Hermione . " I mean , he have be on the run for over two year , have n't he , and I know that ca n't have be a laugh , but at least he be free , be n't he ? and now he be just shut up all the time with that lunatic elf . " Hermione scowl at Ron , but otherwise ignore the slight on Kreacher . " the trouble be , " she say to Harry , " until V-Voldemort -- oh for heaven 's sake , Ron -- come out into the open , Sirius be go to have to stay hidden , be n't he ? I mean , the stupid Ministry be n't go to realize Sirius be innocent until they accept that Dumbledore have be tell the truth about him all along . and once the fool start catch real death eater again it will be obvious Sirius be n't one ... I mean , he have n't get the Mark , for one thing . " " I do n't reckon he will be stupid enough to turn up , " say Ron bracingly . " Dumbledore will go mad if he do and Sirius listen to Dumbledore even if he do n't like what he hear . " when Harry continue to look worried , Hermione say , " Listen , Ron and I have be sound out people who we think might want to learn some proper defense against the Dark Arts , and there be a couple who seem interested . we have tell them to meet us in Hogsmeade . " " right , " say Harry vaguely , his mind still on Sirius . " do n't worry , Harry , " Hermione say quietly . " you have get enough on your plate without Sirius too . " she be quite right , of course ; he be barely keep up with his homework , though he be do much well now that he be no longer spend every evening in detention with Umbridge . Ron be even further behind with his work than Harry , because while they both have Quidditch practice twice a week , Ron also have prefect duty . however , Hermione , who be take more subject than either of them , have not only finish all her homework but be also find time to knit more elf clothes . Harry have to admit that she be get well ; it be now almost always possible to distinguish between the hat and the sock . the morning of the Hogsmeade visit dawn bright but windy . after breakfast they queue up in front of Filch , who match their name to the long list of student who have permission from their parent or guardian to visit the village . with a slight pang , Harry remember that if it have n't be for Sirius , he would not have be go at all . when Harry reach Filch , the caretaker give a great sniff as though try to detect a whiff of something from Harry . then he give a curt nod that set his jowl aquiver again and Harry walk on , out onto the stone step and the cold , sunlit day . " er -- why be Filch sniff you ? " ask Ron , as he , Harry , and Hermione set off at a brisk pace down the wide drive to the gate . " I suppose he be check for the smell of Dungbombs , " say Harry with a small laugh . " I forget to tell you ... " and he recount the story of send his letter to Sirius and Filch burst in second later , demand to see the letter . to his slight surprise , Hermione find this story highly interesting , much more , indeed , than he do himself . " he say he be tip off you be order Dungbombs ? but who have tip him off ? " " I dunno , " say Harry , shrug . " maybe Malfoy , he will think it be a laugh . " they walk between the tall stone pillar top with wing boar and turn leave onto the road into the village , the wind whip their hair into their eye . " Malfoy ? " say Hermione , very skeptically . " well ... yes ... maybe ... " and she remain deep in think all the way into the outskirt of Hogsmeade . " where be we go anyway ? " Harry ask . " the three Broomsticks ? " " oh -- no , " say Hermione , come out of her reverie , " no , it be always pack and really noisy . I have tell the other to meet us in the Hog 's Head , that other pub , you know the one , it be not on the main road . I think it be a bit ... you know ... dodgy ... but student do n't normally go in there , so I do n't think we will be overhear . " they walk down the main street past Zonko 's Joke Shop , where they be unsurprised to see Fred , George , and Lee Jordan , past the post office , from which owl issue at regular interval , and turn up a side street at the top of which stand a small inn . a battered wooden sign hang from a rusty bracket over the door , with a picture upon it of a wild boar 's sever head leak blood onto the white cloth around it . the sign creak in the wind as they approach . all three of them hesitate outside the door . " well , come on , " say Hermione slightly nervously . Harry lead the way inside . it be not at all like the Three Broomsticks , whose large bar give an impression of gleam warmth and cleanliness . the Hog 's Head bar comprise one small , dingy , and very dirty room that smell strongly of something that might have be goat . the bay window be so encrust with grime that very little daylight could permeate the room , which be light instead with the stub of candle sit on rough wooden table . the floor seem at first glance to be earthy , though as Harry step onto it he realize that there be stone beneath what seem to be the accumulate filth of century . Harry remember Hagrid mention this pub in his first year : " Yeh get a lot o ' funny folk in the Hog 's Head , " he have say , explain how he have win a dragon egg from a hooded stranger there . at the time Harry have wonder why Hagrid have not find it odd that the stranger keep his face hide throughout their encounter ; now he see that keep your face hide be something of a fashion in the Hog 's Head . there be a man at the bar whose whole head be wrap in dirty gray bandage , though he be still manage to gulp endless glass of some smoking , fiery substance through a slit over his mouth . two figure shroud in hood sit at a table in one of the window ; Harry might have think them dementors if they have not be talk in strong Yorkshire accent ; in a shadowy corner beside the fireplace sit a witch with a thick , black veil that fall to her toe . they could just see the tip of her nose because it cause the veil to protrude slightly . " I do n't know about this , Hermione , " Harry mutter , as they cross to the bar . he be look particularly at the heavily veil witch . " have it occur to you Umbridge might be under that ? " Hermione cast an appraise eye at the veiled figure . " Umbridge be short than that woman , " she say quietly . " and anyway , even if Umbridge do come in here there be nothing she can do to stop us , Harry , because I have double- and triple-checked the school rule . we be not out-of-bound ; I specifically ask Professor Flitwick whether student be allow to come in the Hog 's Head , and he say yes , but he advise me strongly to bring our own glass . and I have look up everything I can think of about study group and homework group and they be definitely allow . I just do n't think it be a good idea if we parade what we be do . " " no , " say Harry dryly , " especially as it be not exactly a homework group you be plan , be it ? " the barman sidle toward them out of a back room . he be a grumpy-looking old man with a great deal of long gray hair and beard . he be tall and thin and look vaguely familiar to Harry . " what ? " he grunt . " three butterbeers , please , " say Hermione . the man reach beneath the counter and pull up three very dusty , very dirty bottle , which he slam on the bar . " six Sickles , " he say . " I will get them , " say Harry quickly , pass over the silver . the barman 's eye travel over Harry , rest for a fraction of a second on his scar . then he turn away and deposit Harry 's money in an ancient wooden till whose drawer slide open automatically to receive it . Harry , Ron , and Hermione retreat to the farthest table from the bar and sit down , look around , while the man in the dirty gray bandage rap the counter with his knuckle and receive another smoking drink from the barman . " you know what ? " Ron murmur , look over at the bar with enthusiasm . " we could order anything we like in here , I bet that bloke would sell us anything , he would n't care . I have always want to try firewhisky -- " " you -- be -- a -- prefect , " snarl Hermione . " oh , " say Ron , the smile fading from his face . " yeah ... " " so who do you say be suppose to be meet us ? " Harry ask , wrench open the rusty top of his butterbeer and take a swig . " just a couple of people , " Hermione repeat , check her watch and then look anxiously toward the door . " I tell them to be here about now and I be sure they all know where it be -- oh look , this might be them now -- " the door of the pub have open . a thick band of dusty sunlight split the room in two for a moment and then vanish , block by the incoming rush of a crowd of people . First come Neville with Dean and Lavender , who be closely follow by Parvati and Padma Patil with ( Harry 's stomach do a back flip ) Cho and one of her usually giggle girlfriend , then ( on her own and look so dreamy that she might have walk in by accident ) Luna Lovegood ; then Katie Bell , Alicia Spinnet , and Angelina Johnson , Colin and Dennis Creevey , Ernie Macmillan , Justin Finch-Fletchley , Hannah Abbott , and a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down her back whose name Harry do not know ; three Ravenclaw boy he be pretty sure be call Anthony Goldstein , Michael Corner , and Terry Boot ; Ginny , follow by a tall skinny blond boy with an upturn nose whom Harry recognize vaguely as be a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team , and bring up the rear , Fred and George Weasley with their friend Lee Jordan , all three of whom be carry large paper bag cram with Zonko 's merchandise . " a couple of people ? " say Harry hoarsely to Hermione . " a couple of people ? " " yes , well , the idea seem quite popular , " say Hermione happily . " Ron , do you want to pull up some more chair ? " the barman have freeze in the act of wipe out a glass with a rag so filthy it look as though it have never be wash . possibly he have never see his pub so full . " hi , " say Fred , reach the bar first and count his companion quickly . " could we have ... twenty-five butterbeers , please ? " the barman glare at him for a moment , then , throw down his rag irritably as though he have be interrupt in something very important , he start pass up dusty butterbeers from under the bar . " cheer , " say Fred , hand them out . " cough up , everyone , I have n't get enough gold for all of these . ... " Harry watch numbly as the large chatter group take their beer from Fred and rummage in their robe to find coin . he could not imagine what all these people have turn up for until the horrible thought occur to him that they might be expect some kind of speech , at which he round on Hermione . " what have you be tell people ? " he say in a low voice . " what be they expect ? " " I have tell you , they just want to hear what you have get to say , " say Hermione soothingly ; but Harry continue to look at her so furiously that she add quickly , " you do n't have to do anything yet , I will speak to them first . " " hi , Harry , " say Neville , beam and take a seat opposite Harry . Harry try to smile back , but do not speak ; his mouth be exceptionally dry . Cho have just smile at him and sit down on Ron 's right . her friend , who have curly reddish-blonde hair , do not smile , but give Harry a thoroughly mistrustful look that tell Harry plainly that , give her way , she would not be here at all . in two and three the new arrival settle around Harry , Ron , and Hermione , some look rather excited , other curious , Luna Lovegood gaze dreamily into space . when everybody have pull up a chair , the chatter die out . every eye be upon Harry . " er , " say Hermione , her voice slightly high than usual out of nerve . " well -- er -- hi . " the group focus its attention on her instead , though eye continue to dart back regularly to Harry . " well ... erm ... well , you know why you be here . erm ... well , Harry here have the idea -- I mean " -- Harry have throw her a sharp look -- " I have the idea -- that it might be good if people who want to study defense against the Dark Art -- and I mean , really study it , you know , not the rubbish that Umbridge be do with us " -- ( Hermione 's voice become suddenly much strong and more confident ) -- " because nobody could call that defense against the Dark Arts " -- " Hear , hear , " say Anthony Goldstein , and Hermione look hearten -- " well , I think it would be good if we , well , take matter into our own hand . " she pause , look sideways at Harry , and go on , " and by that I mean learn how to defend ourselves properly , not just theory but the real spell -- " " you want to pass your defense against the Dark Arts O.W.L. too though , I bet ? " say Michael Corner . " of course I do , " say Hermione at once . " but I want more than that , I want to be properly train in Defense because ... because ... " she take a great breath and finish , " because Lord Voldemort 's back . " the reaction be immediate and predictable . Cho 's friend shriek and slop butterbeer down herself , Terry Boot give a kind of involuntary twitch , Padma Patil shudder , and Neville give an odd yelp that he manage to turn into a cough . all of them , however , look fixedly , even eagerly , at Harry . " well ... that be the plan anyway , " say Hermione . " if you want to join us , we need to decide how we be go to -- " " where be the proof You-Know-Who 's back ? " say the blond Hufflepuff player in a rather aggressive voice . " well , Dumbledore believe it -- " Hermione begin . " you mean , Dumbledore believe him , " say the blond boy , nod at Harry . " who be you ? " say Ron rather rudely . " Zacharias Smith , " say the boy , " and I think we have get the right to know exactly what make him say You-Know-Who 's back . " " look , " say Hermione , intervene swiftly , " that be really not what this meeting be suppose to be about -- " " it be okay , Hermione , " say Harry . it have just dawn upon him why there be so many people there . he feel that Hermione should have see this come . some of these people -- maybe even most of them -- have turn up in the hope of hear Harry 's story firsthand . " what make me say You-Know-Who 's back ? " he ask , look Zacharias straight in the face . " I see him . but Dumbledore tell the whole school what happen last year , and if you do n't believe him , you do n't believe me , and I be not waste an afternoon try to convince anyone . " the whole group seem to have hold its breath while Harry speak . Harry have the impression that even the barman be listen in . he be wipe the same glass with the filthy rag ; it be become steadily dirty . Zacharias say dismissively , " All Dumbledore tell us last year be that Cedric Diggory get kill by You-Know-Who and that you bring Diggory 's body back to Hogwarts . he do n't give us detail , he do n't tell us exactly how Diggory get murder , I think we will all like to know -- " " if you have come to hear exactly what it look like when Voldemort murder someone I ca n't help you , " Harry say . his temper , always so close to the surface these day , be rise again . he do not take his eye from Zacharias Smith 's aggressive face , determine not to look at Cho . " I do n't want to talk about Cedric Diggory , all right ? so if that be what you be here for , you might as well clear out . " he cast an angry look in Hermione 's direction . this be , he feel , all her fault ; she have decide to display him like some sort of freak and of course they have all turn up to see just how wild his story be . ... but none of them leave their seat , not even Zacharias Smith , though he continue to gaze intently at Harry . " so , " say Hermione , her voice very high-pitched again . " so ... like I be say ... if you want to learn some defense , then we need to work out how we be go to do it , how often we be go to meet , and where we be go to -- " " be it true , " interrupt the girl with the long plait down her back , look at Harry , " that you can produce a Patronus ? " there be a murmur of interest around the group at this . " yeah , " say Harry slightly defensively . " a corporeal Patronus ? " the phrase stir something in Harry 's memory . " er -- you do n't know Madam Bones , do you ? " he ask . the girl smile . " she be my auntie , " she say . " I be Susan Bones . she tell me about your hearing . so -- be it really true ? you make a stag Patronus ? " " yes , " say Harry . " Blimey , Harry ! " say Lee , look deeply impressed . " I never know that ! " " Mum tell Ron not to spread it around , " say Fred , grin at Harry . " she say you get enough attention as it be . " " she be not wrong , " mumble Harry and a couple of people laugh . the veiled witch sit alone shift very slightly in her seat . " and do you kill a basilisk with that sword in Dumbledore 's office ? " demand Terry Boot . " that be what one of the portrait on the wall tell me when I be in there last year . ... " " er -- yeah , I do , yeah , " say Harry . Justin Finch-Fletchley whistle , the Creevey brother exchange awestruck look , and Lavender Brown say " wow " softly . Harry be feel slightly hot around the collar now ; he be determinedly look anywhere but at Cho . " and in our first year , " say Neville to the group at large , " he save that Sorcerous Stone -- " " Sorcerer 's , " hiss Hermione . " yes , that , from You-Know-Who , " finish Neville . Hannah Abbott 's eye be as round as Galleons . " and that be not to mention , " say Cho ( Harry 's eye snap onto her , she be look at him , smile ; his stomach do another somersault ) , " all the task he have to get through in the Triwizard Tournament last year -- get past dragon and merpeople and acromantulas and thing . ... " there be a murmur of impressed agreement around the table . Harry 's inside be squirm . he be try to arrange his face so that he do not look too pleased with himself . the fact that Cho have just praise him make it much , much hard for him to say the thing he have swear to himself he would tell them . " look , " he say and everyone fall silent at once , " I ... I do n't want to sound like I be try to be modest or anything , but ... I have a lot of help with all that stuff . ... " " not with the dragon , you do n't , " say Michael Corner at once . " that be a seriously cool bit of fly . ... " " Yeah , well -- " say Harry , feel it would be churlish to disagree . " and nobody help you get rid of those dementors this summer , " say Susan Bones . " no , " say Harry , " no , okay , I know I do bit of it without help , but the point I be try to make be -- " " be you try to weasel out of show us any of this stuff ? " say Zacharias Smith . " here be an idea , " say Ron loudly , before Harry could speak , " why do n't you shut your mouth ? " perhaps the word " weasel " have affect Ron particularly strongly ; in any case , he be now look at Zacharias as though he would like nothing good than to thump him . Zacharias flush . " well , we have all turn up to learn from him , and now he be tell us he ca n't really do any of it , " he say . " that be not what he say , " snarl Fred Weasley . " would you like us to clean out your ear for you ? " inquire George , pull a long and lethal-looking metal instrument from inside one of the Zonko 's bag . " or any part of your body , really , we be not fussy where we stick this , " say Fred . " yes , well , " say Hermione hastily , " move on ... the point be , be we agree we want to take lesson from Harry ? " there be a murmur of general agreement . Zacharias fold his arm and say nothing , though perhaps this be because he be too busy keep an eye on the instrument in George 's hand . " right , " say Hermione , look relieved that something have at last be settle . " well , then , the next question be how often we do it . I really do n't think there be any point in meet less than once a week -- " " Hang on , " say Angelina , " we need to make sure this do n't clash with our Quidditch practice . " " no , " say Cho , " nor with ours . " " nor ours , " add Zacharias Smith . " I be sure we can find a night that suit everyone , " say Hermione , slightly impatiently , " but you know , this be rather important , we be talk about learn to defend ourselves against V-Voldemort 's death eater -- " " well say ! " bark Ernie Macmillan , whom Harry have be expect to speak long before this . " personally I think this be really important , possibly more important than anything else we will do this year , even with our O.W.L.s come up ! " he look around impressively , as though wait for people to cry , " surely not ! " when nobody speak , he go on , " I , personally , be at a loss to see why the Ministry have foist such a useless teacher upon us at this critical period . obviously they be in denial about the return of You-Know-Who , but to give us a teacher who be try to actively prevent us from use defensive spell -- " " we think the reason Umbridge do n't want us train in Defense against the Dark Art , " say Hermione , " be that she have get some ... some mad idea that Dumbledore could use the student in the school as a kind of private army . she think he will mobilize us against the Ministry . " nearly everybody look stun at this news ; everybody except Luna Lovegood , who pipe up , " well , that make sense . after all , Cornelius Fudge have get his own private army . " " what ? " say Harry , completely throw by this unexpected piece of information . " yes , he have get an army of heliopaths , " say Luna solemnly . " no , he have n't , " snap Hermione . " yes , he have , " say Luna . " what be heliopaths ? " ask Neville , look blank . " they be spirit of fire , " say Luna , her protuberant eye widen so that she look mad than ever . " great tall flaming creature that gallop across the ground burning everything in front of -- " " they do n't exist , Neville , " say Hermione tartly . " oh yes they do ! " say Luna angrily . " I be sorry , but where be the proof of that ? " snap Hermione . " there be plenty of eyewitness account , just because you be so narrow-minded you need to have everything shove under your nose before you -- " " Hem , hem , " say Ginny in such a good imitation of Professor Umbridge that several people look around in alarm and then laugh . " be n't we try to decide how often we be go to meet and get defense lesson ? " " yes , " say Hermione at once , " yes , we be , you be right . ... " " well , once a week sound cool , " say Lee Jordan . " as long as -- " begin Angelina . " yes , yes , we know about the Quidditch , " say Hermione in a tense voice . " well , the other thing to decide be where we be go to meet . ... " this be rather more difficult ; the whole group fall silent . " library ? " suggest Katie Bell after a few moment . " I ca n't see Madam Pince be too chuff with us do jinx in the library , " say Harry . " maybe an unused classroom ? " say Dean . " yeah , " say Ron , " McGonagall might let us have hers , she do when Harry be practice for the Triwizard . ... " but Harry be pretty certain that McGonagall would not be so accommodate this time . for all that Hermione have say about study and homework group be allow , he have the distinct feeling this one might be consider a lot more rebellious . " right , well , we will try to find somewhere , " say Hermione . " we will send a message round to everybody when we have get a time and a place for the first meeting . " she rummage in her bag and produce parchment and a quill , then hesitate , rather as though she be steel herself to say something . " I-I think everybody should write their name down , just so we know who be here . but I also think , " she take a deep breath , " that we all ought to agree not to shout about what we be do . so if you sign , you be agree not to tell Umbridge -- or anybody else -- what we be up to . " Fred reach out for the parchment and cheerfully put down his signature , but Harry notice at once that several people look less than happy at the prospect of put their name on the list . " er ... " say Zacharias slowly , not take the parchment that George be try to pass him . " well ... I be sure Ernie will tell me when the meeting be . " but Ernie be look rather hesitant about sign too . Hermione raise her eyebrow at him . " I -- well , we be prefect , " Ernie burst out . " and if this list be find ... well , I mean to say ... you say yourself , if Umbridge find out ... " " you just say this group be the most important thing you will do this year , " Harry remind him . " I -- yes , " say Ernie , " yes , I do believe that , it be just ... " " Ernie , do you really think I will leave that list lie around ? " say Hermione testily . " No. no , of course not , " say Ernie , look slightly less anxious . " I -- yes , of course I will sign . " nobody raise objection after Ernie , though Harry see Cho 's friend give her a rather reproachful look before add her name . when the last person -- Zacharias -- have sign , Hermione take the parchment back and slip it carefully into her bag . there be an odd feeling in the group now . it be as though they have just sign some kind of contract . " well , time be tick on , " say Fred briskly , get to his foot . " George , Lee , and I have get item of a sensitive nature to purchase , we will be see you all later . " in two and three the rest of the group take their leave too . Cho make rather a business of fasten the catch on her bag before leave , her long dark curtain of hair swing forward to hide her face , but her friend stand beside her , arm fold , click her tongue , so that Cho have little choice but to leave with her . as her friend usher her through the door , Cho look back and wave at Harry . " well , I think that go quite well , " say Hermione happily , as she , Harry , and Ron walk out of the Hog 's Head into the bright sunlight a few moment later , Harry and Ron still clutch their bottle of butterbeer . " that Zacharias bloke be a wart , " say Ron , who be glower after the figure of Smith just discernible in the distance . " I do n't like him much either , " admit Hermione , " but he overhear me talk to Ernie and Hannah at the Hufflepuff table and he seem really interested in come , so what could I say ? but the more people the well really -- I mean , Michael Corner and his friend would n't have come if he have n't be go out with Ginny -- " Ron , who have be drain the last few drop from his butterbeer bottle , gag and spray butterbeer down his front . " he be what ? " say Ron , outraged , his ear now resemble curl of raw beef . " she be go out with -- my sister be go -- what d'you mean , Michael Corner ? " " well , that be why he and his friend come , I think -- well , they be obviously interested in learn defense , but if Ginny have n't tell Michael what be go on -- " " when do this -- when do she -- ? " " they meet at the Yule Ball and they get together at the end of last year , " say Hermione composedly . they have turn into the High Street and she pause outside Scrivenshaft 's Quill Shop , where there be a handsome display of pheasant-feather quill in the window . " hmm ... I could do with a new quill . " she turn into the shop . Harry and Ron follow her . " which one be Michael Corner ? " Ron demand furiously . " the dark one , " say Hermione . " I do n't like him , " say Ron at once . " big surprise , " say Hermione under her breath . " but , " say Ron , follow Hermione along a row of quill in copper pot , " I think Ginny fancy Harry ! " Hermione look at him rather pityingly and shake her head . " Ginny use to fancy Harry , but she give up on him month ago . not that she do n't like you , of course , " she add kindly to Harry while she examine a long black-and-gold quill . Harry , whose head be still full of Cho 's parting wave , do not find this subject quite as interesting as Ron , who be positively quiver with indignation , but it do bring something home to him that until now he have not really register . " so that be why she talk now ? " he ask Hermione . " she never use to talk in front of me . " " exactly , " say Hermione . " yes , I think I will have this one . ... " she go up to the counter and hand over fifteen Sickles and two Knuts , Ron still breathe down her neck . " Ron , " she say severely as she turn and tread on his foot , " this be exactly why Ginny have n't tell you she be see Michael , she know you will take it badly . so do n't harp on about it , for heaven 's sake . " " what d'you mean , who be take anything badly ? I be not go to harp on about anything ... " Ron continue to chunter under his breath all the way down the street . Hermione roll her eye at Harry and then say in an undertone , while Ron be mutter imprecation about Michael Corner , " and talk about Michael and Ginny ... what about Cho and you ? " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry quickly . it be as though boil water be rise rapidly inside him ; a burning sensation that be cause his face to smart in the cold -- have he be that obvious ? " well , " say Hermione , smile slightly , " she just could n't keep her eye off you , could she ? " Harry have never before appreciate just how beautiful the village of Hogsmeade be . Educational Decree Number Twenty-four Harry feel happy for the rest of the weekend than he have do all term . he and Ron spend much of Sunday catch up with all their homework again , and although this could hardly be call fun , the last burst of autumn sunshine persist , so rather than sit hunch over table in the common room , they take their work outside and lounge in the shade of a large beech tree on the edge of the lake . Hermione , who of course be up to date with all her work , bring more wool outside with her and bewitch her knitting needle so that they flash and click in midair beside her , produce more hat and scarves . the knowledge that they be do something to resist Umbridge and the Ministry , and that he be a key part of the rebellion , give Harry a feeling of immense satisfaction . he keep relive Saturday 's meeting in his mind : all those people , come to him to learn defense against the Dark Art ... and the look on their face as they have hear some of the thing he have do ... and Cho praise his performance in the Triwizard Tournament . ... the knowledge that all those people do not think him a lie weirdo , but someone to be admire , buoy him up so much that he be still cheerful on Monday morning , despite the imminent prospect of all his least favorite class . he and Ron head downstairs from their dormitory together , discuss Angelina 's idea that they be to work on a new move call the Sloth Grip Roll during that night 's Quidditch practice , and not until they be halfway across the sunlit common room do they notice the addition to the room that have already attract the attention of a small group of people . a large sign have be affix to the Gryffindor notice board , so large that it cover everything else on there -- the list of secondhand spellbooks for sale , the regular reminder of school rule from Argus Filch , the Quidditch team training schedule , the offer to barter certain chocolate Frog card for other , the Weasleys ' new advertisement for tester , the date of the Hogsmeade weekend , and the lost-and-found notice . the new sign be print in large black letter and there be a highly official-looking seal at the bottom beside a neat and curly signature . Harry and Ron read the notice over the head of some anxious-looking second year . " do this mean they be go to shut down the Gobstones Club ? " one of them ask his friend . " I reckon you will be okay with Gobstones , " Ron say darkly , make the second year jump . " I do n't think we be go to be as lucky , though , do you ? " he ask Harry as the second year hurry away . Harry be read the notice through again . the happiness that have fill him since Saturday be go . his inside be pulse with rage . " this be n't a coincidence , " he say , his hand form fist . " she know . " " she ca n't , " say Ron at once . " there be people listen in that pub . and let be face it , we do n't know how many of the people who turn up we can trust . ... any of them could have run off and tell Umbridge . ... " and he have think they believe him , think they even admire him ... " Zacharias Smith ! " say Ron at once , punch a fist into his hand . " or -- I think that Michael Corner have a really shifty look too -- " " I wonder if Hermione have see this yet ? " Harry say , look around at the door to the girl ' dormitory . " let be go and tell her , " say Ron . he bound forward , pull open the door , and set off up the spiral staircase . he be on the sixth stair when it happen . there be a loud , wail , klaxonlike sound and the step melt together to make a long , smooth stone slide . there be a brief moment when Ron try to keep run , arm work madly like windmill , then he topple over backward and shoot down the newly create slide , come to rest on his back at Harry 's foot . " er -- I do n't think we be allow in the girl ' dormitory , " say Harry , pull Ron to his foot and try not to laugh . two fourth-year girl come zoom gleefully down the stone slide . " Oooh , who try to get upstairs ? " they giggle happily , leap to their foot and ogle Harry and Ron . " me , " say Ron , who be still rather dishevel . " I do n't realize that would happen . it be not fair ! " he add to Harry , as the girl head off for the portrait hole , still giggle madly . " Hermione be allow in our dormitory , how come we be not allow -- ? " " well , it be an old-fashioned rule , " say Hermione , who have just slide neatly onto a rug in front of them and be now get to her foot , " but it say in Hogwarts , a history that the founder think boy be less trustworthy than girl . anyway , why be you try to get in there ? " " to see you -- look at this ! " say Ron , drag her over to the notice board . Hermione 's eye slide rapidly down the notice . her expression become stony . " someone must have blab to her ! " Ron say angrily . " they ca n't have do , " say Hermione in a low voice . " you be so naive , " say Ron , " you think just because you be all honorable and trustworthy -- " " no , they ca n't have do because I put a jinx on that piece of parchment we all sign , " say Hermione grimly . " believe me , if anyone be run off and tell Umbridge , we will know exactly who they be and they will really regret it . " " what will happen to them ? " say Ron eagerly . " well , put it this way , " say Hermione , " it will make Eloise Midgen 's acne look like a couple of cute freckle . come on , let be get down to breakfast and see what the other think . ... I wonder whether this have be put up in all the house ? " it be immediately apparent on enter the Great Hall that Umbridge 's sign have not only appear in Gryffindor Tower . there be a peculiar intensity about the chatter and an extra measure of movement in the Hall as people scurry up and down their table confer on what they have read . Harry , Ron , and Hermione have barely take their seat when Neville , Dean , Fred , George , and Ginny descend upon them . " do you see it ? " " D'you reckon she know ? " " what be we go to do ? " they be all look at Harry . he glance around to make sure there be no teacher near them . " we be go to do it anyway , of course , " he say quietly . " know you will say that , " say George , beam and thump Harry on the arm . " the prefect as well ? " say Fred , look quizzically at Ron and Hermione . " of course , " say Hermione coolly . " here come Ernie and Hannah Abbott , " say Ron , look over his shoulder . " and those Ravenclaw bloke and Smith ... and no one look very spotty . " Hermione look alarmed . " never mind spot , the idiot ca n't come over here now , it will look really suspicious -- sit down ! " she mouth to Ernie and Hannah , gesture frantically to them to rejoin the Hufflepuff table . " later ! we will -- talk -- to -- you -- later ! " " I will tell Michael , " say Ginny impatiently , swing herself off her bench . " the fool , honestly ... " she hurry off toward the Ravenclaw table ; Harry watch her go . Cho be sit not far away , talk to the curly-haired friend she have bring along to the Hog 's Head . would Umbridge 's notice scare her off meet them again ? but the full repercussion of the sign be not feel until they be leave the Great Hall for history of Magic . " Harry ! Ron ! " it be Angelina and she be hurry toward them look perfectly desperate . " it be okay , " say Harry quietly , when she be near enough to hear him . " we be still go to -- " " you realize she be include Quidditch in this ? " Angelina say over him . " we have to go and ask permission to re-form the Gryffindor team ! " " what ? " say Harry . " no way , " say Ron , appall . " you read the sign , it mention team too ! so listen , Harry ... I be say this for the last time . ... Please , please do n't lose your temper with Umbridge again or she might not let us play anymore ! " " okay , okay , " say Harry , for Angelina look as though she be on the verge of tear . " do n't worry , I will behave myself . ... " " Bet Umbridge be in history of Magic , " say Ron grimly , as they set off for Binns 's lesson . " she have n't inspect Binns yet . ... Bet you anything she be there . ... " but he be wrong ; the only teacher present when they enter be Professor Binns , float an inch or so above his chair as usual and prepare to continue his monotonous drone on giant war . Harry do not even attempt to follow what he be say today ; he doodle idly on his parchment ignore Hermione 's frequent glare and nudge , until a particularly painful poke in the rib make him look up angrily . " what ? " she point at the window . Harry look around . Hedwig be perch on the narrow window ledge , gaze through the thick glass at him , a letter tie to her leg . Harry could not understand it ; they have just have breakfast , why on earth have n't she deliver the letter then , as usual ? many of his classmate be point out Hedwig to each other too . " oh , I have always love that owl , she be so beautiful , " Harry hear Lavender sigh to Parvati . he glance around at Professor Binns who continue to read his note , serenely unaware that the class 's attention be even less focus upon him than usual . Harry slip quietly off his chair , crouch down , and hurry along the row to the window , where he slide the catch and open it very slowly . he have expect Hedwig to hold out her leg so that he could remove the letter and then fly off to the Owlery , but the moment the window be open wide enough she hop inside , hoot dolefully . he close the window with an anxious glance at Professor Binns , crouch low again , and speed back to his seat with Hedwig on his shoulder . he regain his seat , transfer Hedwig to his lap , and make to remove the letter tie to her leg . it be only then that he realize that Hedwig 's feather be oddly ruffle ; some be bend the wrong way , and she be hold one of her wing at an odd angle . " she be hurt ! " Harry whisper , bend his head low over her . Hermione and Ron lean in closer ; Hermione even put down her quill . " look -- there be something wrong with her wing -- " Hedwig be quiver ; when Harry make to touch the wing she give a little jump , all her feather on end as though she be inflate herself , and gaze at him reproachfully . " Professor Binns , " say Harry loudly , and everyone in the class turn to look at him . " I be not feel well . " Professor Binns raise his eye from his note , look amazed , as always , to find the room in front of him full of people . " not feel well ? " he repeat hazily . " not at all well , " say Harry firmly , get to his foot while conceal Hedwig behind his back . " so I think I will need to go to the hospital wing . " " yes , " say Professor Binns , clearly very much wrong-foot . " yes ... yes , hospital wing ... well , off you go , then , Perkins ... " once outside the room Harry return Hedwig to his shoulder and hurry off up the corridor , pause to think only when he be out of sight of Binns 's door . his first choice of somebody to cure Hedwig would have be Hagrid , of course , but as he have no idea where Hagrid be , his only remain option be to find Professor Grubbly-Plank and hope she would help . he peer out of a window at the blustery , overcast ground . there be no sign of her anywhere near Hagrid 's cabin ; if she be not teach , she be probably in the staffroom . he set off downstairs , Hedwig hoot feebly as she sway on his shoulder . two stone gargoyle flank the staffroom door . as Harry approach , one of them croak , " you should be in class , sunny Jim . " " this be urgent , " say Harry curtly . " Ooooh , urgent , be it ? " say the other gargoyle in a high-pitched voice . " well , that have put us in our place , have n't it ? " Harry knock ; he hear footstep and then the door open and he find himself face-to-face with Professor McGonagall . " you have n't be give another detention ! " she say at once , her square spectacle flash alarmingly . " no , Professor ! " say Harry hastily . " well then , why be you out of class ? " " it be urgent , apparently , " say the second gargoyle snidely . " I be look for Professor Grubbly-Plank , " Harry explain . " it be my owl , she be injure . " " injured owl , do you say ? " Professor Grubbly-Plank appear at Professor McGonagall 's shoulder , smoke a pipe and hold a copy of the Daily Prophet . " yes , " say Harry , lift Hedwig carefully off his shoulder , " she turn up after the other post owl and her wing be all funny , look -- " Professor Grubbly-Plank stick her pipe firmly between her tooth and take Hedwig from Harry while Professor McGonagall watch . " hmm , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank , her pipe waggle slightly as she talk . " look like something have attack her . can n't think what would have do it , though . ... Thestrals will sometimes go for bird , of course , but Hagrid 's get the Hogwarts thestrals well train not to touch owl ... " Harry neither know nor care what thestrals be , he just want to know that Hedwig be go to be all right . Professor McGonagall , however , look sharply at Harry and say , " do you know how far this owl be travel , Potter ? " " er , " say Harry . " from London , I think . " he meet her eye briefly and know that she understand " London " to mean " number twelve , Grimmauld Place " by the way her eyebrow have join in the middle . Professor Grubbly-Plank pull a monocle out of the inside of her robe and screw it into her eye to examine Hedwig 's wing closely . " I should be able to sort this out if you leave her with me , Potter , " she say . " she should n't be fly long distance for a few day , in any case . " " er -- right -- thanks , " say Harry , just as the bell ring for break . " no problem , " say Professor Grubbly-Plank gruffly , turn back into the staffroom . " just a moment , Wilhelmina ! " say Professor McGonagall . " Potter 's letter ! " " oh yeah ! " say Harry , who have momentarily forget the scroll tie to Hedwig 's leg . Professor Grubbly-Plank hand it over and then disappear into the staffroom carry Hedwig , who be stare at Harry as though unable to believe he would give her away like this . feel slightly guilty , he turn to go , but Professor McGonagall call him back . " Potter ! " " yes , Professor ? " she glance up and down the corridor ; there be student come from both direction . " bear in mind , " she say quickly and quietly , her eye on the scroll in his hand , " that channel of communication in and out of Hogwarts may be be watch , wo n't you ? " " I -- " say Harry , but the flood of student roll along the corridor be almost upon him . Professor McGonagall give him a curt nod and retreat into the staffroom , leave Harry to be sweep out into the courtyard with the crowd . here he spot Ron and Hermione already stand in a sheltered corner , their cloak collar turn up against the wind . Harry slit open the scroll as he hurry toward them and find five word in Sirius 's handwriting : today , same time , same place . " be Hedwig okay ? " ask Hermione anxiously , the moment he be within earshot . " where do you take her ? " ask Ron . " to Grubbly-Plank , " say Harry . " and I meet McGonagall . ... Listen . ... " and he tell them what Professor McGonagall have say . to his surprise , neither of the other look shock ; on the contrary , they exchange significant look . " what ? " say Harry , look from Ron to Hermione and back again . " well , I be just say to Ron ... what if someone have try to intercept Hedwig ? I mean , she have never be hurt on a flight before , have she ? " " who be the letter from anyway ? " ask Ron , take the note from Harry . " snuffle , " say Harry quietly . " ' same time , same place ' ? do he mean the fire in the common room ? " " obviously , " say Hermione , also read the note . she look uneasy . " I just hope nobody else have read this . ... " " but it be still seal and everything , " say Harry , try to convince himself as much as her . " and nobody would understand what it mean if they do n't know where we have speak to him before , would they ? " " I do n't know , " say Hermione anxiously , hitch her bag back over her shoulder as the bell ring again . " it would n't be exactly difficult to reseal the scroll by magic . ... and if anyone be watch the Floo Network ... but I do n't really see how we can warn him not to come without that be intercept too ! " they trudge down the stone step to the dungeon for potion , all three of them lose in thought , but as they reach the bottom of the stair they be recall to themselves by the voice of Draco Malfoy , who be stand just outside Snape 's classroom door , wave around an official-looking piece of parchment and talk much louder than be necessary so that they could hear every word . " yeah , Umbridge give the Slytherin Quidditch team permission to continue play straightaway , I go to ask her first thing this morning . well , it be pretty much automatic , I mean , she know my father really well , he be always pop in and out of the Ministry . ... it will be interesting to see whether Gryffindor be allow to keep play , wont it ? " " do n't rise , " Hermione whisper imploringly to Harry and Ron , who be both watch Malfoy , face set and fist clench . " it be what he want . ... " " I mean , " say Malfoy , raise his voice a little more , his gray eye glitter malevolently in Harry and Ron 's direction , " if it be a question of influence with the Ministry , I do n't think they have get much chance . ... from what my father say , they have be look for an excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for year . ... and as for Potter ... my father say it be a matter of time before the Ministry have him cart off to St. Mungo 's . ... apparently they have get a special ward for people whose brain have be addle by magic . ... " Malfoy make a grotesque face , his mouth sag open and his eye roll . Crabbe and Goyle give their usual grunt of laughter , Pansy Parkinson shriek with glee . something collide hard with Harry 's shoulder , knock him sideways . a split second later he realize that Neville have just charge past him , head straight for Malfoy . " Neville , no ! " Harry leap forward and seize the back of Neville 's robe ; Neville struggle frantically , his fist flail , try desperately to get at Malfoy who look , for a moment , extremely shock . " help me ! " Harry fling at Ron , manage to get an arm around Neville 's neck and drag him backward , away from the Slytherins . Crabbe and Goyle be now flex their arm , close in front of Malfoy , ready for the fight . Ron hurry forward and seize Neville 's arm ; together , he and Harry succeed in drag Neville back into the Gryffindor line . Neville 's face be scarlet ; the pressure Harry be exert on his throat render him quite incomprehensible , but odd word splutter from his mouth . " not ... funny ... do n't ... Mungo 's ... show ... him ... " the dungeon door open . Snape appear there . his black eye sweep up the Gryffindor line to the point where Harry and Ron be wrestle with Neville . " fight , Potter , Weasley , Longbottom ? " Snape say in his cold , sneering voice . " ten point from Gryffindor . Release Longbottom , Potter , or it will be detention . inside , all of you . " Harry let go of Neville , who stand pant and glare at him . " I have to stop you , " Harry gasp , pick up his bag . " Crabbe and Goyle would have tear you apart . " Neville say nothing , he merely snatch up his own bag and stalk off into the dungeon . " what in the name of Merlin , " say Ron slowly , as they follow Neville , " be that about ? " Harry do not answer . he know exactly why the subject of people who be in St. Mungo 's because of magical damage to their brain be highly distressing to Neville , but he have swear to Dumbledore that he would not tell anyone Neville 's secret . even Neville do not know that Harry know . Harry , Ron , and Hermione take their usual seat at the back of the class and pull out parchment , quill , and their copy of one Thousand Magical Herb and Fungi . the class around them be whisper about what Neville have just do , but when Snape close the dungeon door with an echo bang everybody fall silent immediately . " you will notice , " say Snape in his low , sneering voice , " that we have a guest with us today . " he gesture toward the dim corner of the dungeon , and Harry see Professor Umbridge sit there , clipboard on her knee . he glance sideways at Ron and Hermione , his eyebrow raise . Snape and Umbridge , the two teacher he hate most ... it be hard to decide which he want to triumph over the other . " we be continue with our Strengthening solution today , you will find your mixture as you leave them last lesson , if correctly make they should have mature well over the weekend -- instruction " -- he wave his wand again -- " on the board . carry on . " Professor Umbridge spend the first half hour of the lesson make note in her corner . Harry be very interested in hear her question Snape , so interested , that he be become careless with his potion again . " salamander blood , Harry ! " Hermione moan , grab his wrist to prevent him add the wrong ingredient for the third time . " not pomegranate juice ! " " right , " say Harry vaguely , put down the bottle and continue to watch the corner . Umbridge have just get to her foot . " Ha , " he say softly , as she stride between two line of desk toward Snape , who be bend over Dean Thomas 's cauldron . " well , the class seem fairly advanced for their level , " she say briskly to Snape 's back . " though I would question whether it be advisable to teach them a potion like the Strengthening Solution . I think the Ministry would prefer it if that be remove from the syllabus . " Snape straighten up slowly and turn to look at her . " now ... how long have you be teach at Hogwarts ? " she ask , her quill poise over her clipboard . " fourteen year , " Snape reply . his expression be unfathomable . his eye on Snape , Harry add a few drop to his potion ; it hiss menacingly and turn from turquoise to orange . " you apply first for the defense against the Dark Arts post , I believe ? " Professor Umbridge ask Snape . " yes , " say Snape quietly . " but you be unsuccessful ? " Snape 's lip curl . " obviously . " Professor Umbridge scribble on her clipboard . " and you have apply regularly for the defense against the Dark Art post since you first join the school , I believe ? " " yes , " say Snape quietly , barely move his lip . he look very angry . " do you have any idea why Dumbledore have consistently refuse to appoint you ? " ask Umbridge . " I suggest you ask him , " say Snape jerkily . " oh I shall , " say Professor Umbridge with a sweet smile . " I suppose this be relevant ? " Snape ask , his black eye narrow . " oh yes , " say Professor Umbridge . " yes , the Ministry want a thorough understanding of teacher ' -- er -- background . ... " she turn away , walk over to Pansy Parkinson and begin question her about the lesson . Snape look around at Harry and their eye meet for a second . Harry hastily drop his gaze to his potion , which be now congeal foully and give off a strong smell of burned rubber . " no mark again , then , Potter , " say Snape maliciously , empty Harry 's cauldron with a wave of his wand . " you will write me an essay on the correct composition of this potion , indicate how and why you go wrong , to be hand in next lesson , do you understand ? " " yes , " say Harry furiously . Snape have already give them homework , and he have Quidditch practice this evening ; this would mean another couple of sleepless night . it do not seem possible that he have awake that morning feel very happy . all he feel now be a fervent desire for this day to end as soon as possible . " maybe I will skive off divination , " he say glumly as they stand again in the courtyard after lunch , the wind whip at the hem of robe and brim of hat . " I will pretend to be ill and do Snape 's essay instead , then I wo n't have to stay up half the night . ... " " you ca n't skive off divination , " say Hermione severely . " hark who be talk , you walk out of divination , you hate Trelawney ! " say Ron indignantly . " I do n't hate her , " say Hermione loftily . " I just think she be an absolutely appalling teacher and a real old fraud . ... but Harry 's already miss history of Magic and I do n't think he ought to miss anything else today ! " there be too much truth in this to ignore , so half an hour later Harry take his seat in the hot , over-perfumed atmosphere of the Divination classroom feel angry at everybody . Professor Trelawney be hand out copy of the dream Oracle yet again ; he would surely be much well employ do Snape 's punishment essay than sit here try to find meaning in a lot of made-up dream . it seem , however , that he be not the only person in Divination who be in a temper . Professor Trelawney slam a copy of the Oracle down on the table between Harry and Ron and sweep away , her lip purse ; she throw the next copy of the Oracle at Seamus and Dean , narrowly avoid Seamus 's head , and thrust the final one into Neville 's chest with such force that he slip off his pouf . " well , carry on ! " say Professor Trelawney loudly , her voice high pitched and somewhat hysterical . " you know what to do ! or be I such a substandard teacher that you have never learn how to open a book ? " the class stare perplexedly at her and then at each other . Harry , however , think he know what be the matter . as Professor Trelawney flounce back to the high-backed teacher 's chair , her magnify eye full of angry tear , he lean his head closer to Ron 's and mutter , " I think she be get the result of her inspection back . " " professor ? " say Parvati Patil in a hush voice ( she and Lavender have always rather admire Professor Trelawney ) . " professor , be there anything -- er -- wrong ? " " wrong ! " cry Professor Trelawney in a voice throb with emotion . " certainly not ! I have be insult , certainly . ... insinuation have be make against me . ... unfounded accusation level ... but no , there be nothing wrong , certainly not . ... " she take a great shudder breath and look away from Parvati , angry tear spill from under her glass . " I say nothing , " she choke , " of sixteen year ' devoted service . ... it have pass , apparently , unnoticed . ... but I shall not be insult , no , I shall not ! " " but Professor , who be insult you ? " ask Parvati timidly . " the establishment ! " say Professor Trelawney in a deep , dramatic , waver voice . " yes , those with eye too cloud by the Mundane to see as I see , to Know as I know ... of course , we seer have always be fear , always persecute . ... it be -- alas -- our fate . ... " she gulp , dab at her wet cheek with the end of her shawl , and then pull a small , embroider handkerchief from her sleeve , into which she blow her nose very hard with a sound like Peeves blow a raspberry . Ron snigger . Lavender shoot him a disgusted look . " professor , " say Parvati , " do you mean ... be it something Professor Umbridge ... ? " " do not speak to me about that woman ! " cry Professor Trelawney , leap to her foot , her bead rattle and her spectacles flashing . " kindly continue with your work ! " and she spend the rest of the lesson stride among them , tear still leak from behind her glass , mutter what sound like threat under her breath . " ... may well choose to leave ... the indignity of it ... on probation ... we shall see ... how she dare ... " " you and Umbridge have get something in common , " Harry tell Hermione quietly when they meet again in Defense against the Dark Arts . " she obviously reckon Trelawney be an old fraud too . ... Looks like she have put her on probation . " Umbridge enter the room as he speak , wear her black velvet bow and an expression of great smugness . " good afternoon , class . " " good afternoon , Professor Umbridge , " they chant drearily . " wand away , please ... " but there be no answer flurry of movement this time ; nobody have bother to take out their wand . " please turn to page thirty-four of Defensive Magical Theory and read the third chapter , entitle ' the case for non-offensive response to Magical Attack . ' there will be -- " " - no need to talk , " Harry , Ron , and Hermione say together under their breath . " no Quidditch practice , " say Angelina in hollow tone when Harry , Ron , and Hermione enter the common room that night after dinner . " but I keep my temper ! " say Harry , horrify . " I do n't say anything to her , Angelina , I swear , I -- " " I know , I know , " say Angelina miserably . " she just say she need a bit of time to consider . " " consider what ? " say Ron angrily . " she be give the Slytherins permission , why not us ? " but Harry could imagine how much Umbridge be enjoy hold the threat of no Gryffindor Quidditch team over their head and could easily understand why she would not want to relinquish that weapon over them too soon . " well , " say Hermione , " look on the bright side -- at least now you will have time to do Snape 's essay ! " " that be a bright side , be it ? " snap Harry , while Ron stare incredulously at Hermione . " no Quidditch practice and extra potion ? " Harry slump down into a chair , drag his potion essay reluctantly from his bag , and set to work . it be very hard to concentrate ; even though he know that Sirius be not due in the fire until much later he could not help glance into the flame every few minute just in case . there be also an incredible amount of noise in the room : Fred and George appear finally to have perfect one type of Skiving Snackbox , which they be take turn to demonstrate to a cheer and whoop crowd . first , Fred would take a bite out of the orange end of a chew , at which he would vomit spectacularly into a bucket they have place in front of them . then he would force down the purple end of the chew , at which the vomiting would immediately cease . Lee Jordan , who be assist the demonstration , be lazily vanish the vomit at regular interval with the same Vanishing Spell Snape keep use on Harry 's potion . what with the regular sound of retch , cheer , and Fred and George take advance order from the crowd , Harry be find it exceptionally difficult to focus on the correct method for Strengthening solution . Hermione be not help matter ; the cheer and sound of vomit hit the bottom of Fred and George 's bucket be punctuate by loud and disapprove sniff that Harry find , if anything , more distracting . " just go and stop them , then ! " he say irritably , after cross out the wrong weight of powdered griffin claw for the fourth time . " I ca n't , they be not technically do anything wrong , " say Hermione through grit tooth . " they be quite within their right to eat the foul thing themselves , and I ca n't find a rule that say the other idiot be n't entitle to buy them , not unless they be prove to be dangerous in some way , and it do n't look as though they be . ... " she , Harry , and Ron watch George projectile-vomit into the bucket , gulp down the rest of the chew , and straighten up , beam with his arm wide to protracted applause . " you know , I do n't get why Fred and George only get three O.W.L.s each , " say Harry , watch as Fred , George , and Lee collect gold from the eager crowd . " they really know their stuff . ... " " oh , they only know flashy stuff that be no real use to anyone , " say Hermione disparagingly . " no real use ? " say Ron in a strained voice . " Hermione , they have get about twenty-six Galleons already . ... " it be a long while before the crowd around the Weasleys disperse , and then Fred , Lee , and George sit up count their taking even longer , so that it be well past midnight when Harry , Ron , and Hermione finally have the common room to themselves again . at long last , Fred close the doorway to the boy ' dormitory behind him , rattle his box of Galleons ostentatiously so that Hermione scowl . Harry , who be make very little progress with his potion essay , decide to give it up for the night . as he put his book away , Ron , who be doze lightly in an armchair , give a muffle grunt , awake , look blearily into the fire and say , " Sirius ! " Harry whip around ; Sirius 's untidy dark head be sit in the fire again . " hi , " he say , grin . " hi , " chorus Harry , Ron , and Hermione , all three kneel down upon the hearthrug . Crookshanks purr loudly and approach the fire , try , despite the heat , to put his face close to Sirius 's . " how be thing ? " say Sirius . " not that good , " say Harry , as Hermione pull Crookshanks back to stop him singe his whisker . " the Ministry be force through another decree , which mean we be not allow to have Quidditch team -- " " - or secret defense against the dark Arts group ? " say Sirius . there be a short pause . " how do you know about that ? " Harry demand . " you want to choose your meeting place more carefully , " say Sirius , grin still more broadly . " the Hog 's Head , I ask you ... " " well , it be well than the three Broomsticks ! " say Hermione defensively . " that be always pack with people -- " " - which mean you will have be hard to overhear , " say Sirius . " you have get a lot to learn , Hermione . " " who overhear us ? " Harry demand . " Mundungus , of course , " say Sirius , and when they all look puzzle he laugh . " he be the witch under the veil . " " that be Mundungus ? " Harry say , stun . " what be he do in the Hog 's Head ? " " what do you think he be do ? " say Sirius impatiently . " keep an eye on you , of course . " " I be still be follow ? " ask Harry angrily . " yeah , you be , " say Sirius , " and just as well , be n't it , if the first thing you be go to do on your weekend off be organize an illegal defense group . " but he look neither angry nor worried ; on the contrary , he be look at Harry with distinct pride . " why be Dung hiding from us ? " ask Ron , sound disappoint . " we will have like to have see him . " " he be ban from the Hog 's Head twenty year ago , " say Sirius , " and that barman have get a long memory . we lose Moody 's spare invisibility Cloak when Sturgis be arrest , so Dung have be dress as a witch a lot lately . ... Anyway ... first of all , Ron -- I have swear to pass on a message from your mother . " " oh yeah ? " say Ron , sound apprehensive . " she say on no account whatsoever be you to take part in an illegal secret defense against the Dark Arts group . she say you will be expel for sure and your future will be ruin . she say there will be plenty of time to learn how to defend yourself later and that you be too young to be worry about that right now . she also " -- Sirius 's eye turn to the other two -- " advise Harry and Hermione not to proceed with the group , though she accept that she have no authority over either of them and simply beg them to remember that she have their good interest at heart . she would have write all this to you , but if the owl have be intercept you will all have be in real trouble , and she ca n't say it for herself because she be on duty tonight . " " on duty do what ? " say Ron quickly . " never you mind , just stuff for the order , " say Sirius . " so it be fall to me to be the messenger and make sure you tell her I pass it all on , because I do n't think she trust me to . " there be another pause in which Crookshanks , mew , attempt to paw Sirius 's head , and Ron fiddle with a hole in the hearthrug . " so you want me to say I be not go to take part in the defense group ? " he mutter finally . " me ? certainly not ! " say Sirius , look surprise . " I think it be an excellent idea ! " " you do ? " say Harry , his heart lifting . " of course I do ! " say Sirius . " D'you think your father and I would have lie down and take order from an old hag like Umbridge ? " " but -- last term all you do be tell me to be careful and not take risk -- " " last year all the evidence be that someone inside Hogwarts be try to kill you , Harry ! " say Sirius impatiently . " this year we know that there be someone outside Hogwarts who will like to kill us all , so I think learn to defend yourselves properly be a very good idea ! " " and if we do get expel ? " Hermione ask , a quizzical look on her face . " Hermione , this whole thing be your idea ! " say Harry , stare at her . " I know it be . ... I just wonder what Sirius think , " she say , shrug . " well , well expel and able to defend yourselves than sit safely in school without a clue , " say Sirius . " hear , hear , " say Harry and Ron enthusiastically . " so , " say Sirius , " how be you organize this group ? where be you meet ? " " well , that be a bit of a problem now , " say Harry . " dunno where we be go to be able to go . ... " " how about the Shrieking Shack ? " suggest Sirius . " hey , that be an idea ! " say Ron excitedly , but Hermione make a skeptical noise and all three of them look at her , Sirius 's head turn in the flame . " well , Sirius , it be just that there be only four of you meeting in the Shrieking Shack when you be at school , " say Hermione , " and all of you could transform into animal and I suppose you could all have squeeze under a single Invisibility Cloak if you have want to . but there be twenty-eight of us and none of us be an Animagus , so we would n't need so much an Invisibility Cloak as an invisibility marquee -- " " Fair point , " say Sirius , look slightly crestfallen . " well , I be sure you will come up with somewhere . ... there use to be a pretty roomy secret passageway behind that big mirror on the fourth floor , you might have enough space to practice jinx in there -- " " Fred and George tell me it be block , " say Harry , shake his head . " cave in or something . " " oh ... " say Sirius , frown . " well , I will have a think and get back to -- " he break off . his face be suddenly tense , alarmed . he turn sideways , apparently look into the solid brick wall of the fireplace . " Sirius ? " say Harry anxiously . but he have vanish . Harry gape at the flame for a moment , then turn to look at Ron and Hermione . " why do he -- ? " Hermione give a horrify gasp and leap to her foot , still stare at the fire . a hand have appear amongst the flame , grope as though to catch hold of something ; a stubby , short-fingered hand cover in ugly old-fashioned ring . ... the three of them run for it ; at the door of the boy ' dormitory Harry look back . Umbridge 's hand be still make snatch movement amongst the flame , as though she know exactly where Sirius 's hair have be moment before and be determine to seize it . Dumbledore 's army " Umbridge have be read your mail , Harry . there be no other explanation . " " you think Umbridge attack Hedwig ? " he say , outrage . " I be almost certain of it , " say Hermione grimly . " watch your frog , it be escape . " Harry point his wand at the bullfrog that have be hop hopefully toward the other side of the table -- " Accio ! " - and it zoom gloomily back into his hand . charm be always one of the good lesson in which to enjoy a private chat : there be generally so much movement and activity that the danger of be overhear be very slight . today , with the room full of croak bullfrog and caw raven , and with a heavy downpour of rain clatter and pound against the classroom window , Harry , Ron , and Hermione 's whisper discussion about how Umbridge have nearly catch Sirius go quite unnoticed . " I have be suspect this ever since Filch accuse you of order Dungbombs , because it seem such a stupid lie , " Hermione whisper . " I mean , once your letter have be read , it would have be quite clear you be n't order them , so you would n't have be in trouble at all -- it be a bit of a feeble joke , be n't it ? but then I think , what if somebody just want an excuse to read your mail ? well then , it would be a perfect way for Umbridge to manage it -- tip off Filch , let him do the dirty work and confiscate the letter , then either find a way of steal it from him or else demand to see it -- I do n't think Filch would object , when be he ever stick up for a student 's right ? Harry , you be squash your frog . " Harry look down ; he be indeed squeeze his bullfrog so tightly its eye be pop ; he replace it hastily upon the desk . " it be a very , very close call last night , " say Hermione . " I just wonder if Umbridge know how close it be . Silencio ! " the bullfrog on which she be practice her Silencing Charm be strike dumb mid-croak and glare at her reproachfully . " if she have catch Snuffles ... " Harry finish the sentence for her . " he will probably be back in Azkaban this morning . " he wave his wand without really concentrate ; his bullfrog swell like a green balloon and emit a high-pitched whistle . " Silencio ! " say Hermione hastily , point her wand at Harry 's frog , which deflate silently before them . " well , he must n't do it again , that be all . I just do n't know how we be go to let him know . we ca n't send him an owl . " " I do n't reckon he will risk it again , " say Ron . " he be not stupid , he know she nearly get him . Silencio ! " the large and ugly raven in front of him let out a derisive caw . " Silencio ! SILENCIO ! " the raven caw more loudly . " it be the way you be move your wand , " say Hermione , watch Ron critically . " you do n't want to wave it , it be more a sharp jab . " " raven be hard than frog , " say Ron testily . " fine , let 's swap , " say Hermione , seize Ron 's raven and replace it with her own fat bullfrog . " Silencio ! " the raven continue to open and close its sharp beak , but no sound come out . " very good , Miss Granger ! " say Professor Flitwick 's squeaky little voice and Harry , Ron , and Hermione all jump . " now , let me see you try , Mr. Weasley ! " " Wha -- ? oh -- oh , right , " say Ron , very fluster . " er -- Silencio ! " he jab at the bullfrog so hard that he poke it in the eye ; the frog give a deafen croak and leap off the desk . it come as no surprise to any of them that Harry and Ron be give additional practice of the Silencing Charm for homework . they be allow to remain inside over break due to the downpour outside . they find seat in a noisy and overcrowd classroom on the first floor in which Peeves be float dreamily up near the chandelier , occasionally blow an ink pellet at the top of somebody 's head . they have barely sit down when Angelina come struggle toward them through the group of gossip student . " I have get permission ! " she say . " to re-form the Quidditch team ! " " excellent ! " say Ron and Harry together . " yeah , " say Angelina , beaming . " I go to McGonagall and I think she might have appeal to Dumbledore -- anyway , Umbridge have to give in . Ha ! so I want you down at the pitch at seven o'clock tonight , all right , because we have get to make up time , you realize we be only three week away from our first match ? " she squeeze away from them , narrowly dodge an ink pellet from Peeves , which hit a nearby first year instead , and vanish from sight . Ron 's smile slip slightly as he look out of the window , which be now opaque with hammer rain . " hope this clear up ... what be up with you , Hermione ? " she too be gaze at the window , but not as though she really see it . her eye be unfocused and there be a frown on her face . " just think ... " she say , still frown at the rain-washed window . " about Siri ... Snuffles ? " say Harry . " no ... not exactly ... " say Hermione slowly . " more ... wonder ... I suppose we be do the right thing ... I think ... be n't we ? Harry and Ron look at each other . " well , that clear that up , " say Ron . " it would have be really annoy if you have n't explain yourself properly . " Hermione look at him as though she have only just realize he be there . " I be just wonder , " she say , her voice stronger now , " whether we be do the right thing , start this defense against the Dark Arts group . " " what ! " say Harry and Ron together . " Hermione , it be your idea in the first place ! " say Ron indignantly . " I know , " say Hermione , twist her finger together . " but after talk to Snuffles ... " " but he be all for it ! " say Harry . " yes , " say Hermione , stare at the window again . " yes , that be what make me think maybe it be n't a good idea after all . ... " Peeves float over them on his stomach , peashooter at the ready ; automatically all three of them lift their bag to cover their head until he have pass . " let be get this straight , " say Harry angrily , as they put their bag back on the floor , " Sirius agree with us , so you do n't think we should do it anymore ? " Hermione look tense and rather miserable . now stare at her own hand she say , " do you honestly trust his judgment ? " " yes , I do ! " say Harry at once . " he be always give us great advice ! " an ink pellet whizz past them , strike Katie Bell squarely in the ear . Hermione watch Katie leap to her foot and start throw thing at Peeves ; it be a few moment before Hermione speak again and it sound as though she be choose her word very carefully . " you do n't think he have become ... sort of ... reckless ... since he have be coop up in Grimmauld Place ? you do n't think he be ... kind of ... live through us ? " " what d'you mean , ' live through us ' ? " Harry retort . " I mean ... well , I think he will love to be form secret defense society right under the nose of someone from the Ministry . ... I think he be really frustrated at how little he can do where he be ... so I think he be keen to kind of ... egg us on . " Ron look utterly perplex . " Sirius be right , " he say , " you do sound just like my mother . " Hermione bite her lip and do not answer . the bell ring just as Peeves swoop down upon Katie and empty an entire ink bottle over her head . the weather do not improve as the day wear on , so that at seven o'clock that evening , when Harry and Ron go down to the Quidditch pitch for practice , they be soak through within minute , their foot slip and slide on the sodden grass . the sky be a deep , thundery gray and it be a relief to gain the warmth and light of the change room , even if they know the respite be only temporary . they find Fred and George debate whether to use one of their own Skiving Snackboxes to get out of fly . " - but I bet she will know what we have do , " Fred say out of the corner of his mouth . " if only I have n't offer to sell her some Puking Pastilles yesterday -- " " we could try the Fever Fudge , " George mutter , " no one be see that yet -- " " do it work ? " inquire Ron hopefully , as the hammering of rain on the roof intensify and wind howl around the building . " well , yeah , " say Fred , " your temperature will go right up -- " " - but you get these massive pus-filled boil too , " say George , " and we have n't work out how to get rid of them yet . " " I ca n't see any boil , " say Ron , stare at the twin . " no , well , you would n't , " say Fred darkly , " they be not in a place we generally display to the public -- " " - but they make sit on a broom a right pain in the -- " " all right , everyone , listen up , " say Angelina loudly , emerge from the Captain 's office . " I know it be not ideal weather , but there be a good chance we will be play Slytherin in condition like this so it be a good idea to work out how we be go to cope with them . Harry , do n't you do something to your glass to stop the rain fog them up when we play Hufflepuff in that storm ? " " Hermione do it , " say Harry . he pull out his wand , tap his glass and say , " Impervius ! " " I think we all ought to try that , " say Angelina . " if we could just keep the rain off our face it would really help visibility -- all together , come on -- Impervius ! okay . let be go . " they all stow their wand back in the inside pocket of their robe , shoulder their broom , and follow Angelina out of the change room . they squelch through the deepen mud to the middle of the pitch ; visibility be still very poor even with the Impervius Charm ; light be fade fast and curtain of rain be sweep the ground . " all right , on my whistle , " shout Angelina . Harry kick off from the ground , spray mud in all direction , and shoot upward , the wind pull him slightly off course . he have no idea how he be go to see the Snitch in this weather ; he be have enough difficulty see the one Bludger with which they be practice ; a minute into the practice it almost unseat him and he have to use the Sloth Grip Roll to avoid it . unfortunately Angelina do not see this ; in fact , she do not appear to be able to see anything ; none of them have a clue what the other be do . the wind be pick up ; even at a distance Harry could hear the swish , pound sound of the rain pummel the surface of the lake . Angelina keep them at it for nearly an hour before concede defeat . she lead her sodden and disgruntled team back into the change room , insist that the practice have not be a waste of time , though without any real conviction in her voice . Fred and George be look particularly annoyed ; both be bandy-legged and wince with every movement . Harry could hear them complain in low voice as he towel his hair dry . " I think a few of mine have rupture , " say Fred in a hollow voice . " mine have n't , " say George , wince . " they be throb like mad ... feel big if anything ... " " Ouch ! " say Harry . he press the towel to his face , his eye screw tight with pain . the scar on his forehead have sear again , more painfully than in month . " what be up ? " say several voice . Harry emerge from behind his towel ; the change room be blur because he be not wear his glass ; but he could still tell that everyone 's face be turn toward him . " nothing , " he mutter , " I -- poke myself in the eye , that be all . ... " but he give Ron a significant look and the two of them hang back as the rest of the team file back outside , muffle in their cloak , their hat pull low over their ear . " what happen ? " say Ron , the moment that Alicia have disappear through the door . " be it your scar ? " Harry nod . " but ... " look scared , Ron stride across to the window and stare out into the rain , " he -- he ca n't be near us now , can he ? " " no , " Harry mutter , sink onto a bench and rub his forehead . " he be probably mile away . it hurt because ... he be ... angry . " Harry have not mean to say that at all , and hear the word as though a stranger have speak them -- yet he know at once that they be true . he do not know how he know it , but he do ; Voldemort , wherever he be , whatever he be do , be in a towering temper . " do you see him ? " say Ron , look horrify . " do you ... get a vision , or something ? " Harry sit quite still , stare at his foot , allow his mind and his memory to relax in the aftermath of the pain . ... a confused tangle of shape , a howl rush of voice ... " he want something do , and it be not happen fast enough , " he say . again , he feel surprise to hear the word come out of his mouth , and yet quite certain that they be true . " but ... how do you know ? " say Ron . Harry shake his head and cover his eye with his hand , press down upon them with his palm . little star erupt in them . he feel Ron sit down on the bench beside him and know Ron be stare at him . " be this what it be about last time ? " say Ron in a hush voice . " when your scar hurt in Umbridge 's office ? You-Know-Who be angry ? " Harry shake his head . " what be it , then ? " Harry be think himself back . he have be look into Umbridge 's face . ... his scar have hurt ... and he have have that odd feeling in his stomach ... a strange , leap feeling ... a happy feeling . ... but , of course , he have not recognize it for what it be , as he have be feel so miserable himself . ... " last time , it be because he be please , " he say . " really pleased . he think ... something good be go to happen . and the night before we come back to Hogwarts ... " he think back to the moment when his scar have hurt so badly in his and Ron 's bedroom in Grimmauld Place . " he be furious . ... " he look around at Ron , who be gape at him . " you could take over from Trelawney , mate , " he say in an awe voice . " I be not make prophecy , " say Harry . " no , you know what you be do ? " Ron say , sound both scare and impress . " Harry , you be read You-Know-Who 's mind . ... " " no , " say Harry , shake his head . " it be more like ... his mood , I suppose . I be just get flash of what mood he be in . ... Dumbledore say something like this be happen last year . ... he say that when Voldemort be near me , or when he be feel hatred , I could tell . well , now I be feel it when he be please too . ... " there be a pause . the wind and rain lash at the building . " you have get to tell someone , " say Ron . " I tell Sirius last time . " " well , tell him about this time ! " " can n't , can I ? " say Harry grimly . " Umbridge be watch the owl and the fire , remember ? " " well then , Dumbledore -- " " I have just tell you , he already know , " say Harry shortly , get to his foot , take his cloak off his peg , and swing it around himself . " there be no point tell him again . " Ron do up the fastening of his own cloak , watch Harry thoughtfully . " Dumbledore will want to know , " he say . Harry shrug . " C'mon ... we have still get Silencing Charms to practice ... " they hurry back through the dark ground , slide and stumble up the muddy lawn , not talk . Harry be think hard . what be it that Voldemort want do that be not happen quickly enough ? " he be get other plan ... plan he can put into operation very quietly indeed ... stuff he can only get by stealth ... like a weapon . something he do n't have last time . " he have not think about those word in week ; he have be too absorb in what be go on at Hogwarts , too busy dwelling on the ongoing battle with Umbridge , the injustice of all the Ministry interference . ... but now they come back to him and make him wonder . ... Voldemort 's anger would make sense if he be no near lay hand on the weapon , whatever it be . ... have the order thwart him , stop him from seize it ? where be it keep ? who have it now ? " Mimbulus mimbletonia , " say Ron 's voice and Harry come back to his sense just in time to clamber through the portrait hole into the common room . it appear that Hermione have go to bed early , leave Crookshanks curl in a nearby chair and an assortment of knobbly , knit elf hat lie on a table by the fire . Harry be rather grateful that she be not around because he do not much want to discuss his scar hurt and have her urge him to go to Dumbledore too . Ron keep throw him anxious glance , but Harry pull out his potion book and set to work to finish his essay , though he be only pretend to concentrate and , by the time that Ron say he be go to bed too , have write hardly anything . midnight come and go while Harry be read and reread a passage about the use of scurvy-grass , lovage , and sneezewort and not take in a word of it . ... these plantes be moste efficacious in the inflame of the braine , and be therefore much use in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts , where the wizard be desirous of produce hot-headedness and recklessness . ... ... Hermione say Sirius be become reckless coop up in Grimmauld Place . ... ... moste efficacious in the inflame of the braine , and be therefore much use ... ... the Daily Prophet would think his brain be inflame if they find out that he know what Voldemort be feel ... ... therefore much use in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts ... ... confuse be the word , all right ; why do he know what Voldemort be feel ? what be this weird connection between them , which Dumbledore have never be able to explain satisfactorily ? ... where the wizard be desirous ... ... how he would like to sleep ... ... of produce hot-headedness ... ... it be warm and comfortable in his armchair before the fire , with the rain still beat heavily on the windowpane and Crookshanks purr and the crackling of the flame . ... the book slip from Harry 's slack grip and land with a dull thud on the hearthrug . his head fall sideways . ... he be walk once more along a windowless corridor , his footstep echo in the silence . as the door at the end of the passage loom large his heart beat fast with excitement . ... if he could only open it ... enter beyond ... he stretch out his hand . ... his fingertip be inch from it . ... " Harry Potter , sir ! " he awake with a start . the candle have all be extinguish in the common room , but there be something move close by . " Whozair ? " say Harry , sit upright in his chair . the fire be almost extinguish , the room very dark . " Dobby have your owl , sir ! " say a squeaky voice . " dobby ? " say Harry thickly , peer through the gloom toward the source of the voice . Dobby the house-elf be stand beside the table on which Hermione have leave her half a dozen knit hat . his large , pointed ear be now stick out from beneath what look like all the hat that Hermione have ever knit ; he be wear one on top of the other , so that his head seem elongate by two or three foot , and on the very topmost bobble sit Hedwig , hoot serenely and obviously cure . " Dobby volunteer to return Harry Potter 's owl ! " say the elf squeakily , with a look of positive adoration on his face . " Professor Grubbly-Plank say she be all well now , sir ! " he sink into a deep bow so that his pencil-like nose brush the threadbare surface of the hearthrug and Hedwig give an indignant hoot and flutter onto the arm of Harry 's chair . " thanks , Dobby ! " say Harry , stroke Hedwig 's head and blink hard , try to rid himself of the image of the door in his dream . ... it have be very vivid . ... look back at Dobby , he notice that the elf be also wear several scarves and innumerable sock , so that his foot look far too big for his body . " er ... have you be take all the clothes Hermione have be leave out ? " " oh no , sir , " say Dobby happily , " Dobby have be take some for Winky too , sir . " " yeah , how be Winky ? " ask Harry . Dobby 's ear droop slightly . " Winky be still drink lot , sir , " he say sadly , his enormous round green eye , large as tennis ball , downcast . " she still do not care for clothes , Harry Potter . nor do the other house-elves . none of them will clean Gryffindor Tower anymore , not with the hat and sock hide everywhere , they find them insulting , sir . Dobby do it all himself , sir , but Dobby do not mind , sir , for he always hope to meet Harry Potter and tonight , sir , he have get his wish ! " Dobby sink into a deep bow again . " but Harry Potter do not seem happy , " Dobby go on , straighten up again and look timidly at Harry . " Dobby hear him mutter in his sleep . be Harry Potter have bad dream ? " " not really bad , " say Harry , yawn and rub his eye . " I have have bad . " the elf survey Harry out of his vast , orblike eye . then he say very seriously , his ear droop , " Dobby wish he could help Harry Potter , for Harry Potter set Dobby free and Dobby be much , much happy now . ... " Harry smile . " you ca n't help me , Dobby , but thanks for the offer . ... " he bend and pick up his potion book . he will have to try and finish the essay tomorrow . he close the book and as he do so the firelight illuminate the thin white scar on the back of his hand -- the result of his detention with Umbridge . " wait a moment -- there be something you can do for me , Dobby , " say Harry slowly . the elf look around , beaming . " name it , Harry Potter , sir ! " " I need to find a place where twenty-eight people can practice Defense against the Dark Arts without be discover by any of the teacher . especially , " Harry clench his hand on the book , so that the scar shine pearly white , " Professor Umbridge . " he expect the elf 's smile to vanish , his ear to droop ; he expect him to say that this be impossible , or else that he would try , but his hope be not high . ... what he have not expect be for Dobby to give a little skip , his ear waggle happily , and clap his hand together . " Dobby know the perfect place , sir ! " he say happily . " Dobby hear tell of it from the other house-elves when he come to Hogwarts , sir . it be know by us as the Come and Go Room , sir , or else as the Room of Requirement ! " " why ? " say Harry curiously . " because it be a room that a person can only enter , " say Dobby seriously , " when they have real need of it . sometimes it be there , and sometimes it be not , but when it appear , it be always equip for the seeker 's need . Dobby have use it , sir , " say the elf , drop his voice and look guilty , " when Winky have be very drunk . he have hide her in the Room of Requirement and he have find antidote to butterbeer there , and a nice elf-sized bed to settle her on while she sleep it off , sir . ... and Dobby know Mr. Filch have find extra cleaning material there when he have run short , sir , and -- " " - and if you really need a bathroom , " say Harry , suddenly remember something Dumbledore have say at the Yule Ball the previous Christmas , " would it fill itself with chamber pot ? " " dobby expect so , sir , " say Dobby , nod earnestly . " it be a most amazing room , sir . " " how many people know about it ? " say Harry , sit up straight in his chair . " very few , sir . mostly people stumble across it when they need it , sir , but often they never find it again , for they do not know that it be always there wait to be call into service , sir . " " it sound brilliant , " say Harry , his heart racing . " it sound perfect , Dobby . when can you show me where it be ? " " anytime , Harry Potter , sir , " say Dobby , look delighted at Harry 's enthusiasm . " we could go now , if you like ! " for a moment Harry be tempt to go now ; he be halfway out of his seat , intend to hurry upstairs for his invisibility Cloak when , not for the first time , a voice very much like Hermione 's whisper in his ear : reckless . it be , after all , very late , he be exhaust and have Snape 's essay to finish . " not tonight , Dobby , " say Harry reluctantly , sink back into his chair . " this be really important . ... I do n't want to blow it , it will need proper planning . ... Listen , can you just tell me exactly where this Room of Requirement be and how to get in there ? " their robe billowed and swirl around them as they splash across the flood vegetable patch to double Herbology , where they could hardly hear what Professor Sprout be say over the hammering of raindrop hard as hailstone on the greenhouse roof . the afternoon 's Care of Magical Creatures lesson be to be relocate from the storm-swept ground to a free classroom on the ground floor and , to their intense relief , Angelina seek out her team at lunch to tell them that Quidditch practice be cancel . " good , " say Harry quietly , when she tell him , " because we have find somewhere to have our first defense meeting . tonight , eight o'clock , seventh floor opposite that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy be club by those troll . can you tell Katie and Alicia ? " she look slightly take aback but promise to tell the other ; Harry return hungrily to his sausage and mash . when he look up to take a drink of pumpkin juice , he find Hermione watch him . " what ? " he say thickly . " well ... it be just that Dobby 's plan be n't always that safe . do n't you remember when he lose you all the bone in your arm ? " " this room be n't just some mad idea of Dobby 's ; Dumbledore know about it too , he mention it to me at the Yule Ball . " Hermione 's expression clear . " Dumbledore tell you about it ? " " just in pass , " say Harry , shrug . " oh well , that be all right then , " say Hermione briskly and she raise no more objection . together with Ron they have spend most of the day seek out those people who have sign their name to the list in the Hog 's Head and tell them where to meet that evening . somewhat to Harry 's disappointment , it be Ginny who manage to find Cho Chang and her friend first ; however , by the end of dinner he be confident that the news have be pass to every one of the twenty-five people who have turn up in the Hog 's Head . at half-past seven Harry , Ron , and Hermione leave the Gryffindor common room , Harry clutch a certain piece of age parchment in his hand . fifth year be allow to be out in the corridor until nine o'clock , but all three of them keep look around nervously as they make their way up to the seventh floor . " hold it , " say Harry warningly , unfold the piece of parchment at the top of the last staircase , tap it with his wand , and mutter , " I solemnly swear that I be up to no good . " a map of Hogwarts appear upon the blank surface of the parchment . tiny black move dot , label with name , show where various people be . " filch be on the second floor , " say Harry , hold the map close to his eye and scan it closely , " and Mrs. Norris be on the fourth . " " and Umbridge ? " say Hermione anxiously . " in her office , " say Harry , point . " okay , let be go . " they hurry along the corridor to the place Dobby have describe to Harry , a stretch of blank wall opposite an enormous tapestry depict Barnabas the Barmy 's foolish attempt to train troll for the ballet . " okay , " say Harry quietly , while a moth-eaten troll pause in his relentless club of the would-be ballet teacher to watch . " Dobby say to walk past this bit of wall three time , concentrate hard on what we need . " they do so , turn sharply at the window just beyond the blank stretch of wall , then at the man-size vase on its other side . Ron have screw up his eye in concentration , Hermione be whisper something under her breath , Harry 's fist be clench as he stare ahead of him . we need somewhere to learn to fight . ... he think . just give us a place to practice ... somewhere they ca n't find us ... " Harry , " say Hermione sharply , as they wheel around after their third walk past . a highly polished door have appear in the wall . Ron be stare at it , look slightly wary . Harry reach out , seize the brass handle , pull open the door , and lead the way into a spacious room light with flicker torch like those that illuminate the dungeon eight floor below . the wall be line with wooden bookcase , and instead of chair there be large silk cushion on the floor . a set of shelf at the far end of the room carry a range of instrument such as Sneakoscopes , Secrecy Sensors , and a large , crack Foe-Glass that Harry be sure have hang , the previous year , in the fake Moody 's office . " these will be good when we be practice Stunning , " say Ron enthusiastically , prod one of the cushion with his foot . " and just look at these book ! " say Hermione excitedly , run a finger along the spine of the large leather-bound tome . " a compendium of Common Curses and their Counter-Actions ... the Dark Art Outsmarted ... Self-Defensive Spellwork ... wow ... " she look around at Harry , her face glowing , and he see that the presence of hundred of book have finally convince Hermione that what they be do be right . " Harry , this be wonderful , there be everything we need here ! " and without further ado she slide Jinxes for the Jinxed from its shelf , sink onto the near cushion , and begin to read . there be a gentle knock on the door . Harry look around ; Ginny , Neville , Lavender , Parvati , and Dean have arrive . " Whoa , " say Dean , stare around , impress . " what be this place ? " Harry begin to explain , but before he have finish more people have arrive , and he have to start all over again . by the time eight o'clock arrive , every cushion be occupy . Harry move across to the door and turn the key protrude from the lock ; it click in a satisfyingly loud way and everybody fall silent , look at him . Hermione carefully mark her page of Jinxes for the Jinxed and set the book aside . " well , " say Harry , slightly nervously . " this be the place we have find for practice , and you have -- er -- obviously find it okay -- " " it be fantastic ! " say Cho , and several people murmur their agreement . " it be bizarre , " say Fred , frown around at it . " we once hide from Filch in here , remember , George ? but it be just a broom cupboard then . ... " " Hey , Harry , what be this stuff ? " ask Dean from the rear of the room , indicate the Sneakoscopes and the Foe-Glass . " Dark Detectors , " say Harry , step between the cushion to reach them . " basically they all show when dark wizard or enemy be around , but you do n't want to rely on them too much , they can be fool . ... " he gaze for a moment into the cracked Foe-Glass ; shadowy figure be move around inside it , though none be recognizable . he turn his back on it . " well , I have be think about the sort of stuff we ought to do first and -- er -- " he notice a raise hand . " what , Hermione ? " " I think we ought to elect a leader , " say Hermione . " Harry 's leader , " say Cho at once , look at Hermione as though she be mad , and Harry 's stomach do yet another back flip . " yes , but I think we ought to vote on it properly , " say Hermione , unperturbed . " it make it formal and it give him authority . so -- everyone who think Harry ought to be our leader ? " everybody put up their hand , even Zacharias Smith , though he do it very halfheartedly . " er -- right , thanks , " say Harry , who could feel his face burning . " and -- what , Hermione ? " " I also think we ought to have a name , " she say brightly , her hand still in the air . " it would promote a feeling of team spirit and unity , do n't you think ? " " can we be the Anti-Umbridge League ? " say Angelina hopefully . " or the Ministry of Magic Are Morons Group ? " suggest Fred . " I be think , " say Hermione , frown at Fred , " more of a name that do n't tell everyone what we be up to , so we can refer to it safely outside meeting . " " the Defense Association ? " say Cho . " the D.A. for short , so nobody know what we be talk about ? " " yeah , the D.A. 's good , " say Ginny . " only let be make it stand for Dumbledore 's Army because that be the Ministry 's bad fear , be n't it ? " there be a good deal of appreciative murmur and laughter at this . " all in favor of the D.A. ? " say Hermione bossily , kneel up on her cushion to count . " that be a majority -- motion pass ! " she pin the piece of paper with all of their name on it on the wall and write DUMBLEDORE 's Army across the top in large letter . " right , " say Harry , when she have sit down again , " shall we get practice then ? I be think , the first thing we should do be Expelliarmus , you know , the Disarming Charm . I know it be pretty basic but I have find it really useful -- " " oh please , " say Zacharias Smith , roll his eye and fold his arm . " I do n't think Expelliarmus be exactly go to help us against You-Know-Who , do you ? " " I have use it against him , " say Harry quietly . " it save my life last June . " Smith open his mouth stupidly . the rest of the room be very quiet . " but if you think it be beneath you , you can leave , " Harry say . Smith do not move . nor do anybody else . " okay , " say Harry , his mouth slightly dry than usual with all those eye upon him , " I reckon we should all divide into pair and practice . " it feel very odd to be issue instruction , but not nearly as odd as see them follow . everybody get to their foot at once and divide up . predictably , Neville be leave partnerless . " you can practice with me , " Harry tell him . " right -- on the count of three , then -- one , two , three -- " the room be suddenly full of shout of " Expelliarmus ! " : Wands fly in all direction , miss spell hit book on shelf and send them fly into the air . Harry be too quick for Neville , whose wand go spin out of his hand , hit the ceiling in a shower of spark , and land with a clatter on top of a bookshelf , from which Harry retrieve it with a Summoning Charm . glance around he think he have be right to suggest that they practice the basic first ; there be a lot of shoddy spellwork go on ; many people be not succeed in disarm their opponent at all , but merely cause them to jump backward a few pace or wince as the feeble spell whoosh over them . " Expelliarmus ! " say Neville , and Harry , catch unawares , feel his wand fly out of his hand . " I DID it ! " say Neville gleefully . " I have never do it before -- I DID it ! " " good one ! " say Harry encouragingly , decide not to point out that in a real duel situation Neville 's opponent be unlikely to be stare in the opposite direction with his wand hold loosely at his side . " listen , Neville , can you take it in turn to practice with Ron and Hermione for a couple of minute so I can walk around and see how the rest be do ? " Harry move off into the middle of the room . something very odd be happen to Zacharias Smith ; every time he open his mouth to disarm Anthony Goldstein , his own wand would fly out of his hand , yet Anthony do not seem to be make a sound . Harry do not have to look far for the solution of the mystery , however ; Fred and George be several foot from Smith and take it in turn to point their wand at his back . " sorry , Harry , " say George hastily , when Harry catch his eye . " could n't resist ... " Harry walk around the other pair , try to correct those who be do the spell wrong . Ginny be team with Michael Corner ; she be do very well , whereas Michael be either very bad or unwilling to jinx her . Ernie Macmillan be flourish his wand unnecessarily , give his partner time to get in under his guard ; the Creevey brother be enthusiastic but erratic and mainly responsible for all the book leap off the shelf around them . Luna Lovegood be similarly patchy , occasionally send Justin Finch-Fletchley 's wand spin out of his hand , at other time merely cause his hair to stand on end . " okay , stop ! " Harry shout . " stop ! stop ! " I need a whistle , he think , and immediately spot one lie on top of the near row of book . he catch it up and blow hard . everyone lower their wand . " that be n't bad , " say Harry , " but there be definite room for improvement . " Zacharias Smith glare at him . " let be try again . ... " he move off around the room again , stop here and there to make suggestion . slowly the general performance improve . he avoid go near Cho and her friend for a while , but after walk twice around every other pair in the room feel he could not ignore them any longer . " oh no , " say Cho rather wildly as he approach . " Expelliarmious ! I mean , Expellimellius ! I -- oh , sorry , Marietta ! " her curly-haired friend 's sleeve have catch fire ; Marietta extinguish it with her own wand and glare at Harry as though it be his fault . " you make me nervous , I be do all right before then ! " Cho tell Harry ruefully . " that be quite good , " Harry lie , but when she raise her eyebrow he say , " well , no , it be lousy , but I know you can do it properly , I be watch from over there . ... " she laugh . her friend Marietta look at them rather sourly and turn away . " do n't mind her , " Cho mutter . " she do n't really want to be here but I make her come with me . her parent have forbid her to do anything that might upset Umbridge , you see -- her mum work for the Ministry . " " what about your parent ? " ask Harry . " well , they have forbid me to get on the wrong side of Umbridge too , " say Cho , draw herself up proudly . " but if they think I be not go to fight You-Know-Who after what happen to Cedric -- " she break off , look rather confused , and an awkward silence fall between them ; Terry Boot 's wand go whiz past Harry 's ear and hit Alicia Spinnet hard on the nose . " well , my father be very supportive of any anti-Ministry action ! " say Luna Lovegood proudly from just behind Harry ; evidently she have be eavesdrop on his conversation while Justin Finch-Fletchley attempt to disentangle himself from the robe that have flow up over his head . " he be always say he will believe anything of Fudge , I mean , the number of goblin Fudge have have assassinate ! and of course he use the Department of Mysteries to develop terrible poison , which he feed secretly to anybody who disagree with him . and then there be his Umgubular Slashkilter -- " " do n't ask , " Harry mutter to Cho as she open her mouth , look puzzle . she giggle . " hey , Harry , " Hermione call from the other end of the room , " have you check the time ? " he look down at his watch and receive a shock -- it be already ten past nine , which mean they need to get back to their common room immediately or risk be catch and punish by Filch for be out-of-bound . he blow his whistle ; everybody stop shout , " Expelliarmus ! " and the last couple of wand clatter to the floor . " well , that be pretty good , " say Harry , " but we have overrun , we will well leave it here . same time , same place next week ? " " sooner ! " say Dean Thomas eagerly and many people nod in agreement . Angelina , however , say quickly , " the Quidditch season be about to start , we need team practice too ! " " let be say next Wednesday night , then , " say Harry , " and we can decide on additional meeting then . ... come on , we will well get go . ... " he pull out the Marauder 's map again and check it carefully for sign of teacher on the seventh floor . he let them all leave in three and four , watch their tiny dot anxiously to see that they return safely to their dormitory : the Hufflepuffs to the basement corridor that also lead to the kitchen , the Ravenclaws to a tower on the west side of the castle , and the Gryffindors along the corridor to the seventh floor and the Fat Lady 's portrait . " that be really , really good , Harry , " say Hermione , when finally it be just her , Harry , and Ron leave . " yeah , it be ! " say Ron enthusiastically , as they slip out of the door and watch it melt back into stone behind them . " do you see me disarm Hermione , Harry ? " " only once , " say Hermione , sting . " I get you load more than you get me -- " " I do not only get you once , I get you at least three time -- " " well , if you be count the one where you trip over your own foot and knock the wand out of my hand -- " they argue all the way back to the common room , but Harry be not listen to them . he have one eye on the Marauder 's Map , but he be also think of how Cho have say he make her nervous . ... the Lion and the Serpent Harry feel as though he be carry some kind of talisman inside his chest over the follow two week , a glowing secret that support him through Umbridge 's class and even make it possible for him to smile blandly as he look into her horrible bulge eye . he and the D.A. be resist her under her very nose , do the very thing that she and the Ministry most fear , and whenever he be suppose to be read Wilbert Slinkhard 's book during her lesson he dwell instead on satisfy memory of their most recent meeting , remember how Neville have successfully disarm Hermione , how Colin Creevey have master the Impediment Jinx after three meeting ' hard effort , how Parvati Patil have produce such a good Reductor Curse that she have reduce the table carry all the Sneakoscopes to dust . he be find it almost impossible to fix a regular night of the week for D.A. meeting , as they have to accommodate three separate Quidditch team ' practice , which be often rearrange depend on the weather condition ; but Harry be not sorry about this , he have a feeling that it be probably good to keep the timing of their meeting unpredictable . if anyone be watch them , it would be hard to make out a pattern . Hermione soon devise a very clever method of communicate the time and date of the next meeting to all the member in case they need to change it at short notice , because it would look so suspicious if people from different house be see cross the Great Hall to talk to each other too often . she give each of the member of the D.A. a fake Galleon ( Ron become very excited when he see the basket at first , convinced that she be actually give out gold ) . " you see the numeral around the edge of the coin ? " Hermione say , hold one up for examination at the end of their fourth meeting . the coin gleam fat and yellow in the light from the torch . " on real Galleons that be just a serial number refer to the goblin who cast the coin . on these fake coin , though , the number will change to reflect the time and date of the next meeting . the coin will grow hot when the date change , so if you be carry them in a pocket you will be able to feel them . we take one each , and when Harry set the date of the next meeting he will change the number on his coin , and because I have put a Protean Charm on them , they will all change to mimic his . " a blank silence greet Hermione 's word . she look around at all the face upturn to her , rather disconcert . " well -- I think it be a good idea , " she say uncertainly , " I mean , even if Umbridge ask us to turn out our pocket , there be nothing fishy about carry a Galleon , be there ? but ... well , if you do n't want to use them ... " " you can do a Protean Charm ? " say Terry Boot . " yes , " say Hermione . " but that be ... that be N.E.W.T. standard , that be , " he say weakly . " oh , " say Hermione , try to look modest . " oh ... well ... yes , I suppose it be . ... " " how come you be not in Ravenclaw ? " he demand , stare at Hermione with something close to wonder . " with brain like yours ? " " well , the Sorting Hat do seriously consider put me in Ravenclaw during my Sorting , " say Hermione brightly , " but it decide on Gryffindor in the end . so do that mean we be use the Galleons ? " there be a murmur of assent and everybody move forward to collect one from the basket . Harry look sideways at Hermione . " you know what these remind me of ? " " no , what be that ? " " the Death Eaters ' scar . Voldemort touch one of them , and all their scar burn , and they know they have get to join him . " " well ... yes , " say Hermione quietly . " that be where I get the idea ... but you will notice I decide to engrave the date on bit of metal rather than on our member ' skin . ... " " Yeah ... I prefer your way , " say Harry , grin , as he slip his Galleon into his pocket . " I suppose the only danger with these be that we might accidentally spend them . " " fat chance , " say Ron , who be examine his own fake Galleon with a slightly mournful air . " I have n't get any real Galleons to confuse it with . " as the first Quidditch match of the season , Gryffindor versus Slytherin , draw near , their D.A. meeting be put on hold because Angelina insist on almost daily practice . the fact that the Quidditch Cup have not be hold for so long add considerably to the interest and excitement surround the forthcoming game . the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs be take a lively interest in the outcome , for they , of course , would be play both team over the come year ; and the Heads of House of the compete team , though they attempt to disguise it under a decent pretense of sportsmanship , be determine to see their side 's victory . Harry realize how much Professor McGonagall care about beat Slytherin when she abstain from give them homework in the week lead up to the match . " I think you have get enough to be get on with at the moment , " she say loftily . nobody could quite believe their ear until she look directly at Harry and Ron and say grimly , " I have become accustom to see the Quidditch Cup in my study , boy , and I really do n't want to have to hand it over to Professor Snape , so use the extra time to practice , wo n't you ? " Snape be no less obviously partisan : he have book the Quidditch pitch for Slytherin practice so often that the Gryffindors have difficulty get on it to play . he be also turn a deaf ear to the many report of Slytherin attempt to hex Gryffindor player in the corridor . when Alicia Spinnet turn up in the hospital wing with her eyebrow grow so thick and fast that they obscure her vision and obstruct her mouth , Snape insist that she must have attempt a Hair-Thickening Charm on herself and refuse to listen to the fourteen eyewitness who insist that they have see the Slytherin Keeper , Miles Bletchley , hit her from behind with a jinx while she work in the library . Harry feel optimistic about Gryffindor 's chance ; they have , after all , never lose to Malfoy 's team . admittedly Ron be still not perform to Wood 's standard , but he be work extremely hard to improve . his great weakness be a tendency to lose confidence when he make a blunder ; if he let in one goal he become fluster and be therefore likely to miss more . on the other hand , Harry have see Ron make some truly spectacular save when he be on form : during one memorable practice , he have hang one-handed from his broom and kick the Quaffle so hard away from the goal hoop that it soar the length of the pitch and through the center hoop at the other end . the rest of the team feel this save compare favorably with one make recently by Barry Ryan , the Irish International Keeper , against Poland 's top Chaser , Ladislaw Zamojski . even Fred have say that Ron might yet make him and George proud , and that they be seriously consider admit that he be relate to them , something he assure Ron they have be try to deny for four year . the only thing really worry Harry be how much Ron be allow the tactic of the Slytherin team to upset him before they even get onto the pitch . Harry , of course , have endure their snide comment for more than four year , so whisper of , " Hey , Potty , I hear Warrington be swear to knock you off your broom on Saturday , " far from chill his blood , make him laugh . " Warrington 's aim be so pathetic I will be more worried if he be aim for the person next to me , " he retort , which make Ron and Hermione laugh and wipe the smirk off Pansy Parkinson 's face . but Ron have never endure a relentless campaign of insult , jeer , and intimidation . when Slytherins , some of them seventh year and considerably large than he be , mutter as they pass in the corridor , " get your bed book in the hospital wing , Weasley ? " he do not laugh , but turn a delicate shade of green . when Draco Malfoy imitate Ron drop the Quaffle ( which he do whenever they be within sight of each other ) , Ron 's ear glow red and his hand shake so badly that he be likely to drop whatever he be hold at the time too . October extinguish itself in a rush of howl wind and drive rain and November arrive , cold as frozen iron , with hard frost every morning and icy draft that bit at exposed hand and face . the sky and the ceiling of the Great Hall turn a pale , pearly gray , the mountain around Hogwarts become snowcapped , and the temperature in the castle drop so far that many student wear their thick protective dragon skin glove in the corridor between lesson . the morning of the match dawn bright and cold . when Harry awake he look around at Ron 's bed and see him sit bolt upright , his arm around his knee , stare fixedly into space . " you all right ? " say Harry . Ron nod but do not speak . Harry be remind forcibly of the time that Ron have accidentally put a slug-vomiting charm on himself . he look just as pale and sweaty as he have do then , not to mention as reluctant to open his mouth . " you just need some breakfast , " Harry say bracingly . " C'mon . " the Great Hall be fill up fast when they arrive , the talk louder and the mood more exuberant than usual . as they pass the Slytherin table there be an upsurge of noise ; Harry look around and see that nearly everyone there be wear , in addition to the usual green-and-silver scarves and hat , silver badge in the shape of what seem to be crown . for some reason many of them wave at Ron , laugh uproariously . Harry try to see what be write on the badge as he walk by , but he be too concern to get Ron past their table quickly to linger long enough to read them . they receive a rousing welcome at the Gryffindor table , where everyone be wear red and gold , but far from raise Ron 's spirit the cheer seem to sap the last of his morale ; he collapse onto the near bench look as though he be face his final meal . " I must have be mental to do this , " he say in a croaky whisper . " mental . " " do n't be thick , " say Harry firmly , pass him a choice of cereal . " you be go to be fine . it be normal to be nervous . " " I be rubbish , " croak Ron . " I be lousy . I ca n't play to save my life . what be I thinking ? " " get a grip , " say Harry sternly . " look at that save you make with your foot the other day , even Fred and George say it be brilliant -- " Ron turn a tortured face to Harry . " that be an accident , " he whisper miserably . " I do n't mean to do it -- I slip off my broom when none of you be look and I be try to get back on and I kick the Quaffle by accident . " " well , " say Harry , recover quickly from this unpleasant surprise , " a few more accident like that and the game be in the bag , be n't it ? " Hermione and Ginny sit down opposite them wear red-and-gold scarves , glove , and rosette . " how be you feel ? " Ginny ask Ron , who be now stare into the dregs of milk at the bottom of his empty cereal bowl as though seriously consider attempt to drown himself in them . " he be just nervous , " say Harry . " well , that be a good sign , I never feel you perform as well in exam if you be not a bit nervous , " say Hermione heartily . " hello , " say a vague and dreamy voice from behind them . Harry look up : Luna Lovegood have drift over from the Ravenclaw table . many people be stare at her and a few openly laugh and point ; she have manage to procure a hat shape like a life-size lion 's head , which be perch precariously on her head . " I be support Gryffindor , " say Luna , point unnecessarily at her hat . " look what it do . ... " she reach up and tap the hat with her wand . it open its mouth wide and give an extremely realistic roar that make everyone in the vicinity jump . " it be good , be n't it ? " say Luna happily . " I want to have it chew up a serpent to represent Slytherin , you know , but there be n't time . anyway ... good luck , Ronald ! " she drift away . they have not quite recover from the shock of Luna 's hat before Angelina come hurry toward them , accompany by Katie and Alicia , whose eyebrow have mercifully be return to normal by Madam Pomfrey . " when you be ready , " she say , " we be go to go straight down to the pitch , check out condition and change . " " we will be there in a bit , " Harry assure her . " Ron 's just get to have some breakfast . " it become clear after ten minute , however , that Ron be not capable of eat anything more and Harry think it well to get him down to the change room . as they rise from the table , Hermione get up too , and take Harry 's arm , she draw him to one side . " do n't let Ron see what be on those Slytherins ' badge , " she whisper urgently . Harry look questioningly at her , but she shake her head warningly ; Ron have just amble over to them , look lost and desperate . " good luck , Ron , " say Hermione , standing on tiptoe and kiss him on the cheek . " and you , Harry -- " Ron seem to come to himself slightly as they walk back across the Great Hall . he touch the spot on his face where Hermione have kiss him , look puzzle , as though he be not quite sure what have just happen . he seem too distract to notice much around him , but Harry cast a curious glance at the crown-shaped badge as they pass the Slytherin table , and this time he make out the word etch onto them : with an unpleasant feeling that this could mean nothing good , he hurry Ron across the entrance hall , down the stone step , and out into the icy air . the frosty grass crunch under their foot as they hurry down the sloping lawn toward the stadium . there be no wind at all and the sky be a uniform pearly white , which mean that visibility would be good without the drawback of direct sunlight in the eye . Harry point out these encouraging factor to Ron as they walk , but he be not sure that Ron be listen . Angelina have change already and be talk to the rest of the team when they enter . Harry and Ron pull on their robe ( Ron attempt to do his up back-to-front for several minute before Alicia take pity on him and go to help ) and then sit down to listen to the pre-match talk while the babble of voice outside grow steadily louder as the crowd come pour out of the castle toward the pitch . " okay , I have only just find out the final lineup for Slytherin , " say Angelina , consult a piece of parchment . " last year 's Beaters , Derrick and Bole , have leave now , but it look as though Montague 's replace them with the usual gorilla , rather than anyone who can fly particularly well . they be two bloke call Crabbe and Goyle , I do n't know much about them -- " " we do , " say Harry and Ron together . " well , they do n't look bright enough to tell one end of a broom from another , " say Angelina , pocket her parchment , " but then I be always surprise Derrick and Bole manage to find their way onto the pitch without signpost . " " Crabbe and Goyle be in the same mold , " Harry assure her . they could hear hundred of footstep mount the bank bench of the spectator ' stand now . some people be sing , though Harry could not make out the word . he be start to feel nervous , but he know his butterfly be as nothing to Ron 's , who be clutch his stomach and stare straight ahead again , his jaw set and his complexion pale gray . " it be time , " say Angelina in a hush voice , look at her watch . " C'mon everyone ... good luck . " the team rise , shoulder their broom , and march in single file out of the change room and into the dazzling sunlight . a roar of sound greet them in which Harry could still hear sing , though it be muffle by the cheer and whistle . the Slytherin team be stand wait for them . they too be wear those silver crown-shaped badge . the new captain , Montague , be build along the same line as Dudley , with massive forearm like hairy ham . behind him lurk Crabbe and Goyle , almost as large , blink stupidly in the sunlight , swing their new Beaters ' bat . Malfoy stand to one side , the sunlight gleam on his white-blond head . he catch Harry 's eye and smirk , tap the crown-shaped badge on his chest . " captain shake hand , " order the umpire , Madam Hooch , as Angelina and Montague reach each other . Harry could tell that Montague be try to crush Angelina 's finger , though she do not wince . " mount your broom . ... " Madam Hooch place her whistle in her mouth and blow . the ball be release and the fourteen player shoot upward ; out of the corner of his eye Harry see Ron streak off toward the goal hoop . he zoom high , dodge a Bludger , and set off on a wide lap of the pitch , gaze around for a glint of gold ; on the other side of the stadium , Draco Malfoy be do exactly the same . " and it be Johnson , Johnson with the Quaffle , what a player that girl be , I have be say it for year but she still wo n't go out with me -- " " Jordan ! " yell Professor McGonagall . " just a fun fact , Professor , add a bit of interest -- and she have duck Warrington , she have pass Montague , she be -- ouch -- be hit from behind by a Bludger from Crabbe . ... Montague catch the Quaffle , Montague head back up the pitch and -- nice Bludger there from George Weasley , that be a Bludger to the head for Montague , he drop the Quaffle , catch by Katie Bell , Katie Bell of Gryffindor reverse pass to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnet 's away -- " Lee Jordan 's commentary ring through the stadium and Harry listen as hard as he could through the wind whistle in his ear and the din of the crowd , all yell and boo and sing - " - dodge Warrington , avoid a Bludger -- close call , Alicia -- and the crowd be love this , just listen to them , what be that they be sing ? " and as Lee pause to listen the song rise loud and clear from the sea of green and silver in the Slytherin section of the stand : Weasley can save a thing , he can block a single ring , that be why Slytherins all sing : Weasley be our king . Weasley be bear in a bin , he always let the Quaffle in , Weasley will make sure we win , Weasley be our king . " - and Alicia pass back to Angelina ! " Lee shout , and as Harry swerve , his inside boil at what he have just hear , he know Lee be try to drown out the sound of the singing . " come on now , Angelina -- look like she be get just the Keeper to beat ! -- SHE SHOOTS -- SHE -- aaaah ... " Bletchley , the Slytherin Keeper , have save the goal ; he throw the Quaffle to Warrington who speed off with it , zigzag in between Alicia and Katie ; the singing from below grow loud and loud as he draw near and near Ron - Weasley be our King , Weasley be our king , he always let the Quaffle in , Weasley be our king . Harry could not help himself : abandon his search for the Snitch , he turn his Firebolt toward Ron , a lone figure at the far end of the pitch , hover before the three goal hoop while the massive Warrington pelt toward him ... " - and it 's Warrington with the Quaffle , Warrington head for goal , he be out of Bludger range with just the Keeper ahead -- " a great swell of song rise from the Slytherin stand below : Weasley can save a thing , he can block a single ring ... " - so it be the first test for new Gryffindor Keeper , Weasley , brother of Beaters , Fred and George , and a promising new talent on the team -- come on , Ron ! " but the scream of delight come from the Slytherin end : Ron have dive wildly , his arm wide , and the Quaffle have soar between them , straight through Ron 's central hoop . " Slytherin score ! " come Lee 's voice amid the cheer and boo from the crowd below . " so that be ten-nil to Slytherin -- bad luck , Ron ... " the Slytherins sing even loud : WEASLEY WAS Born in a bin , He Always LETS THE QUAFFLE in ... " - and Gryffindor back in possession and it be Katie Bell tanking up the pitch -- " cry Lee valiantly , though the singing be now so deafen that he could hardly make himself hear above it . WEASLEY Will Make Sure WE Win , WEASLEY be OUR King ... " Harry , what be you DOING ? " scream Angelina , soar past him to keep up with Katie . " get going ! " Harry realize that he have be stationary in midair for more than a minute , watch the progress of the match without spare a thought for the whereabouts of the Snitch ; horrify , he go into a dive and start circle the pitch again , stare around , try to ignore the chorus now thunder through the stadium : WEASLEY be OUR King , WEASLEY be OUR King ... there be no sign of the Snitch anywhere he look ; Malfoy be still circle the stadium just like Harry . they pass midway around the pitch go in opposite direction and Harry hear Malfoy singing loudly , WEASLEY WAS Born in a bin ... " - and it be Warrington again , " bellow Lee , " who pass to Pucey , Pucey 's off past Spinnet , come on now Angelina , you can take him -- turn out you ca n't -- but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley , I mean , George Weasley , oh who care , one of them anyway , and Warrington drop the Quaffle and Katie Bell -- er -- drop it too -- so that be Montague with the Quaffle , Slytherin Captain Montague take the Quaffle , and he be off up the pitch , come on now Gryffindor , block him ! " Harry zoom around the end of the stadium behind the Slytherin goal hoop , will himself not to look at what be go on at Ron 's end ; as he speed past the Slytherin Keeper , he hear Bletchley sing along with the crowd below , WEASLEY CANNOT Save A Thing ... " - and Pucey 's dodge Alicia again , and he be head straight for goal , stop it , Ron ! " Harry do not have to look to see what have happen : there be a terrible groan from the Gryffindor end , couple with fresh scream and applause from the Slytherins . look down , Harry see the pug-faced Pansy Parkinson right at the front of the stand , her back to the pitch as she conduct the Slytherin supporter who be roar : that be why SLYTHERINS All Sing : WEASLEY be OUR King . but twenty-nil be nothing , there be still time for Gryffindor to catch up or catch the Snitch , a few goal and they would be in the lead as usual , Harry assure himself , bob and weave through the other player in pursuit of something shiny that turn out to be Montague 's watch strap . ... but Ron let in two more goal . there be an edge of panic in Harry 's desire to find the Snitch now . if he could just get it soon and finish the game quickly ... " - and Katie Bell of Gryffindor dodge Pucey , duck Montague , nice swerve , Katie , and she throw to Johnson , Angelina Johnson take the Quaffle , she be past Warrington , she be head for goal , come on now Angelina -- GRYFFINDOR Score ! it be forty-ten , forty-ten to Slytherin and Pucey have the Quaffle . ... " Harry could hear Luna 's ludicrous lion hat roar amidst the Gryffindor cheer and feel hearten ; only thirty point in it , that be nothing , they could pull back easily . Harry duck a Bludger that Crabbe have send rocket in his direction and resume his frantic scour of the pitch for the Snitch , keep one eye on Malfoy in case he show sign of have spot it , but Malfoy , like him , be continue to soar around the stadium , search fruitlessly ... " - Pucey throw to Warrington , Warrington to Montague , Montague back to Pucey -- Johnson intervene , Johnson take the Quaffle , Johnson to Bell , this look good -- I mean bad -- Bell 's hit by a Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and it be Pucey in possession again ... " WEASLEY WAS BORNIN A Bin , He Always LETS THE QUAFFLE in , WEASLEY Will Make Sure WE Win - but Harry have see it at last : the tiny flutter Golden Snitch be hover foot from the ground at the Slytherin end of the pitch . he dive . ... in a matter of second , Malfoy be streak out of the sky on Harry 's left , a green-and-silver blur lie flat on his broom . ... the Snitch skirt the foot of one of the goal hoop and scoot off toward the other side of the stand ; its change of direction suit Malfoy , who be near . Harry pull his Firebolt around , he and Malfoy be now neck and neck ... Feet from the ground , Harry lift his right hand from his broom , stretch toward the Snitch ... to his right , Malfoy 's arm extend too , reach , grope ... it be over in two breathless , desperate , windswept second -- Harry 's finger close around the tiny , struggle ball -- Malfoy 's fingernail scrabble the back of Harry 's hand hopelessly -- Harry pull his broom upward , hold the struggle ball in his hand and the Gryffindor spectator scream their approval . ... they be save , it do not matter that Ron have let in those goal , nobody would remember as long as Gryffindor have win - WHAM ! a Bludger hit Harry squarely in the small of the back and he fly forward off his broom ; luckily he be only five or six foot above the ground , have dive so low to catch the Snitch , but he be wind all the same as he land flat on his back on the frozen pitch . he hear Madam Hooch 's shrill whistle , an uproar in the stand compound of catcall , angry yell and jeer , a thud , then Angelina 's frantic voice . " be you all right ? " " ' Course I be , " say Harry grimly , take her hand and allow her to pull him to his foot . madam Hooch be zoom toward one of the Slytherin player above him , though he could not see who it be at this angle . " it be that thug , Crabbe , " say Angelina angrily . " he whack the Bludger at you the moment he see you have get the Snitch -- but we win , Harry , we win ! " Harry hear a snort from behind him and turn around , still hold the Snitch tightly in his hand : Draco Malfoy have land close by ; white-faced with fury , he be still manage to sneer . " save Weasley 's neck , have n't you ? " he say to Harry . " I have never see a bad keeper ... but then he be bear in a bin . ... do you like my lyric , Potter ? " Harry do not answer ; he turn away to meet the rest of the team who be now land one by one , yell and punch the air in triumph , all except Ron , who have dismount from his broom over by the goalpost and be make his way slowly back to the change room alone . " we want to write another couple of verse ! " Malfoy call , as Katie and Alicia hug Harry . " but we could n't find rhyme for fat and ugly -- we want to sing about his mother , see -- " " talk about sour grape , " say Angelina , cast Malfoy a disgusted look . " - we could n't fit in useless loser either -- for his father , you know -- " Fred and George have realize what Malfoy be talk about . halfway through shake Harry 's hand they stiffen , look around at Malfoy . " leave it , " say Angelina at once , take Fred by the arm . " leave it , Fred , let him yell , he be just sore he lose , the jumped-up little -- " " - but you like the Weasleys , do n't you , Potter ? " say Malfoy , sneering . " spend holiday there and everything , do n't you ? can n't see how you stand the stink , but I suppose when you have be drag up by Muggles even the Weasleys ' hovel smell okay -- " Harry grab hold of George ; meanwhile it be take the combined effort of Angelina , Alicia , and Katie to stop Fred leap on Malfoy , who be laugh openly . Harry look around for Madam Hooch , but she be still berate Crabbe for his illegal Bludger attack . " or perhaps , " say Malfoy , leer as he back away , " you can remember what your mother 's house stink like , Potter , and Weasley 's pigsty remind you of it -- " Harry be not aware of release George , all he know be that a second later both of them be sprint at Malfoy . he have completely forget the fact that all the teacher be watch : all he want to do be cause Malfoy as much pain as possible . with no time to draw out his wand , he merely draw back the fist clutch the Snitch and sink it as hard as he could into Malfoy 's stomach - " Harry ! harry ! George ! no ! " he could hear girl ' voice scream , Malfoy yell , George swear , a whistle blow , and the bellow of the crowd around him , but he do not care , not until somebody in the vicinity yell " IMPEDIMENTA ! " and only when he be knock over backward by the force of the spell do he abandon the attempt to punch every inch of Malfoy he could reach . ... " what do you think you be do ? " scream Madam Hooch , as Harry leap to his foot again ; it be she who have hit him with the Impediment Jinx . she be hold her whistle in one hand and a wand in the other , her broom lie abandon several foot away . Malfoy be curl up on the ground , whimper and moan , his nose bloody ; George be sport a swollen lip ; Fred be still be forcibly restrain by the three chaser , and Crabbe be cackle in the background . " I have never see behavior like it -- back up to the castle , both of you , and straight to your Head of House 's office ! go ! now ! " Harry and George march off the pitch , both pant , neither say a word to each other . the howl and jeer of the crowd grow faint and faint until they reach the entrance hall , where they could hear nothing except the sound of their own footstep . Harry become aware that something be still struggle in his right hand , the knuckle of which he have bruise against Malfoy 's jaw ; look down he see the Snitch 's silver wing protrude from between his finger , struggle for release . they have barely reach the door of Professor McGonagall 's office when she come march along the corridor behind them . she be wear a Gryffindor scarf , but tear it from her throat with shake hand as she stride toward them , look livid . " in ! " she say furiously , point to the door . Harry and George enter . she stride around behind her desk and face them , quiver with rage as she throw the Gryffindor scarf aside onto the floor . " well ? " she say . " I have never see such a disgraceful exhibition . two onto one ! explain yourselves ! " " Malfoy provoke us , " say Harry stiffly . " provoke you ? " shout Professor McGonagall , slam a fist onto her desk so that her tartan biscuit tin slide sideways off it and burst open , litter the floor with Ginger Newts . " he have just lose , have n't he , of course he want to provoke you ! but what on earth he can have say that justified what you two -- " " he insult my parent , " snarl George . " and Harry 's mother . " " but instead of leave it to Madam Hooch to sort out , you two decide to give an exhibition of Muggle dueling , do you ? " bellow Professor McGonagall . " have you any idea what you have -- ? " " hem , hem . " George and Harry both spin around . Dolores Umbridge be stand in the doorway wrap in a green tweed cloak that greatly enhance her resemblance to a giant toad , and smile in the horribly sickly , ominous way that Harry have come to associate with imminent misery . " may I help , Professor McGonagall ? " ask Professor Umbridge in her most poisonously sweet voice . blood rush into Professor McGonagall 's face . " help ? " she repeat in a constrict voice . " what do you mean , ' help ' ? " Professor Umbridge move forward into the office , still smile her sickly smile . " why , I think you might be grateful for a little extra authority . " Harry would not have be surprise to see spark fly from Professor McGonagall 's nostril . " you think wrong , " she say , turn her back on Umbridge . " now , you two have well listen closely . I do not care what provocation Malfoy offer you , I do not care if he insult every family member you possess , your behavior be disgusting and I be give each of you a week 's worth of detention ! do not look at me like that , Potter , you deserve it ! and if either of you ever -- " " Hem , hem . " Professor McGonagall close her eye as though pray for patience as she turn her face toward Professor Umbridge again . " yes ? " " I think they deserve rather more than detention , " say Umbridge , smile still more broadly . Professor McGonagall 's eye fly open . " but unfortunately , " she say , with an attempt at a reciprocal smile that make her look as though she have lockjaw , " it be what I think that count , as they be in my House , Dolores . " " well , actually , Minerva , " simper Umbridge , " I think you will find that what I think do count . now , where be it ? Cornelius just send it . ... I mean , " she give a little false laugh as she rummage in her handbag , " the Minister just send it . ... ah yes ... " she have pull out a piece of parchment that she now unfurl , clear her throat fussily before start to read what it say . " hem , hem ... ' Educational Decree Number Twenty-five ... ' " " not another one ! " exclaim Professor McGonagall violently . " well , yes , " say Umbridge , still smile . " as a matter of fact , Minerva , it be you who make me see that we need a further amendment . ... you remember how you override me , when I be unwilling to allow the Gryffindor Quidditch team to re-form ? how you take the case to Dumbledore , who insist that the team be allow to play ? well , now , I could n't have that . I contact the Minister at once , and he quite agree with me that the High Inquisitor have to have the power to strip pupil of privilege , or she -- that be to say , I -- would have less authority than common teacher ! and you see now , do n't you , Minerva , how right I be in attempt to stop the Gryffindor team re-form ? dreadful temper ... Anyway , I be read out our amendment ... hem , hem ... ' the High Inquisitor will henceforth have supreme authority over all punishment , sanction , and removal of privilege pertain to the student of Hogwarts , and the power to alter such punishment , sanction , and removal of privilege as may have be order by other staff member . sign , Cornelius Fudge , Minister of Magic , order of Merlin First Class , etc. , etc. ... ' " she roll up the parchment and put it back into her handbag , still smile . " so ... I really think I will have to ban these two from play Quidditch ever again , " she say , look from Harry to George and back again . Harry feel the Snitch flutter madly in his hand . " ban us ? " he say , and his voice sound strangely distant . " from playing ... ever again ? " " yes , Mr. Potter , I think a lifelong ban ought to do the trick , " say Umbridge , her smile widen still further as she watch him struggle to comprehend what she have say . " you and Mr. Weasley here . and I think , to be safe , this young man 's twin ought to be stop too -- if his teammate have not restrain him , I feel sure he would have attack young Mr. Malfoy as well . I will want their broomstick confiscate , of course ; I shall keep them safely in my office , to make sure there be no infringement of my ban . but I be not unreasonable , Professor McGonagall , " she continue , turn back to Professor McGonagall who be now stand as still as though carve from ice , stare at her . " the rest of the team can continue play , I see no sign of violence from any of them . well ... good afternoon to you . " and with a look of the utmost satisfaction Umbridge leave the room , leave a horrify silence in her wake . " ban , " say Angelina in a hollow voice , late that evening in the common room . " ban . no Seeker and no Beaters ... what on earth be we go to do ? " it do not feel as though they have win the match at all . everywhere Harry look there be disconsolate and angry face ; the team themselves be slump around the fire , all apart from Ron , who have not be see since the end of the match . " it be just so unfair , " say Alicia numbly . " I mean , what about Crabbe and that Bludger he hit after the whistle have be blow ? have she ban him ? " " no , " say Ginny miserably ; she and Hermione be sit on either side of Harry . " he just get line , I hear Montague laugh about it at dinner . " " and ban Fred when he do n't even do anything ! " say Alicia furiously , pummel her knee with her fist . " it be not my fault I do n't , " say Fred , with a very ugly look on his face . " I would have pound the little scumbag to a pulp if you three have n't be hold me back . " Harry stare miserably at the dark window . snow be fall . the Snitch he have catch earlier be now zoom around and around the common room ; people be watch its progress as though hypnotize and Crookshanks be leap from chair to chair , try to catch it . " I be go to bed , " say Angelina , get slowly to her foot . " maybe this will all turn out to have be a bad dream . ... maybe I will wake up tomorrow and find we have n't play yet . ... " she be soon follow by Alicia and Katie . Fred and George slope off to bed some time later , glower at everyone they pass , and Ginny go not long after that . only Harry and Hermione be leave beside the fire . " have you see Ron ? " Hermione ask in a low voice . Harry shake his head . " I think he be avoid us , " say Hermione . " where do you think he -- ? " but at that precise moment , there be a creak sound behind them as the Fat Lady swing forward and Ron come clamber through the portrait hole . he be very pale indeed and there be snow in his hair . when he see Harry and Hermione he stop dead in his track . " where have you be ? " say Hermione anxiously , spring up . " walk , " Ron mumble . he be still wear his Quidditch thing . " you look freeze , " say Hermione . " come and sit down ! " Ron walk to the fireside and sink into the chair farthest from Harry 's , not look at him . the stolen Snitch zoom over their head . " I be sorry , " Ron mumble , look at his foot . " what for ? " say Harry . " for think I can play Quidditch , " say Ron . " I be go to resign first thing tomorrow . " " if you resign , " say Harry testily , " there will only be three player leave on the team . " and when Ron look puzzle , he say , " I have be give a lifetime ban . so have Fred and George . " " what ? " Ron yelp . Hermione tell him the full story ; Harry could not bear to tell it again . when she have finish , Ron look more anguish than ever . " this be all my fault -- " " you do n't make me punch Malfoy , " say Harry angrily . " - if I be n't so lousy at Quidditch -- " " - it 's get nothing to do with that -- " " - it be that song that wind me up -- " " - it would have wind anyone up -- " Hermione get up and walk to the window , away from the argument , watch the snow swirl down against the pane . " look , drop it , will you ! " Harry burst out . " it be bad enough without you blame yourself for everything ! " Ron say nothing but sit gaze miserably at the damp hem of his robe . after a while he say in a dull voice , " this be the bad I have ever feel in my life . " " join the club , " say Harry bitterly . " well , " say Hermione , her voice tremble slightly . " I can think of one thing that might cheer you both up . " " oh yeah ? " say Harry skeptically . " yeah , " say Hermione , turn away from the pitch-black , snow-flecked window , a broad smile spread across her face . " Hagrid 's back . " Hagrid 's Tale Harry sprint up to the boy ' dormitory to fetch the Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder 's Map from his trunk ; he be so quick that he and Ron be ready to leave at least five minute before Hermione hurry back down from the girl ' dormitory , wear scarf , glove , and one of her own knobbly elf hat . " well , it be cold out there ! " she say defensively , as Ron click his tongue impatiently . they creep through the portrait hole and cover themselves hastily in the cloak -- Ron have grow so much he now need to crouch to prevent his foot show -- then , move slowly and cautiously , they proceed down the many staircase , pause at interval to check the map for sign of Filch or Mrs. Norris . they be lucky ; they see nobody but nearly Headless Nick , who be glide along absentmindedly hum something that sound horribly like " Weasley be Our King . " they creep across the entrance hall and then out into the silent , snowy ground . with a great leap of his heart , Harry see little golden square of light ahead and smoke coil up from Hagrid 's chimney . he set off at a quick march , the other two jostle and bump along behind him , and they crunch excitedly through the thicken snow until at last they reach the wooden front door ; when Harry raise his fist and knock three time , a dog start bark frantically inside . " Hagrid , it be us ! " Harry call through the keyhole . " Shoulda know ! " say a gruff voice . they beam at one another under the cloak ; they could tell that Hagrid 's voice be please . " bin home three second ... out the way , Fang ... out the way , yeh dozy dog ... " the bolt be draw back , the door creak open , and Hagrid 's head appear in the gap . Hermione scream . " Merlin 's beard , keep it down ! " say Hagrid hastily , stare wildly over their head . " under that cloak , be yeh ? well , get in , get in ! " " I be sorry ! " Hermione gasp , as the three of them squeeze past Hagrid into the house and pull the cloak off themselves so he could see them . " I just -- oh , Hagrid ! " " it be nuthin ' , it be nuthin ' ! " say Hagrid hastily , shut the door behind them and hurry to close all the curtain , but Hermione continue to gaze up at him in horror . Hagrid 's hair be mat with congeal blood , and his left eye have be reduce to a puffy slit amid a mass of purple-and-black bruise . there be many cut on his face and hand , some of them still bleed , and he be move gingerly , which make Harry suspect break rib . it be obvious that he have only just get home ; a thick black travel cloak lie over the back of a chair and a haversack large enough to carry several small child lean against the wall inside the door . Hagrid himself , twice the size of a normal man and three time as broad , be now limp over to the fire and place a copper kettle over it . " what happen to you ? " Harry demand , while Fang dance around them all , try to lick their face . " tell Yeh , nuthin ' , " say Hagrid firmly . " want a cuppa ? " " come off it , " say Ron , " you be in a right state ! " " I be tellin ' yeh , I be fine , " say Hagrid , straighten up and turn to beam at them all , but wince . " Blimey , it be good ter see you three again -- have good summer , do Yeh ? " " Hagrid , you have be attack ! " say Ron . " Fer the la ' time , it be nuthin ' ! " say Hagrid firmly . " would you say it be nothing if one of us turn up with a pound of mince instead of a face ? " Ron demand . " you ought to go and see Madam Pomfrey , Hagrid , " say Hermione anxiously . " some of those cut look nasty . " " I be dealin ' with it , all righ ' ? " say Hagrid repressively . he walk across to the enormous wooden table that stand in the middle of his cabin and twitch aside a tea towel that have be lie on it . underneath be a raw , bloody , green-tinged steak slightly large than the average car tire . " you be not go to eat that , be you , Hagrid ? " say Ron , lean in for a close look . " it look poisonous . " " it be s'posed ter look like that , it 's dragon meat , " Hagrid say . " an ' I didn ' get it ter eat . " he pick up the steak and slap it over the leave side of his face . greenish blood trickle down into his beard as he give a soft moan of satisfaction . " tha 's good . it help with the stingin ' , yeh know . " " so be you go to tell us what be happen to you ? " Harry ask . " can ' , Harry . top secret . More'n me job 's worth ter tell yeh that . " " do the giant beat you up , Hagrid ? " ask Hermione quietly . Hagrid 's finger slip on the dragon steak , and it slide squelchily onto his chest . " giant ? " say Hagrid , catch the steak before it reach his belt and slap it back over his face . " who say anythin ' abou ' giant ? who yeh bin talkin ' to ? who be tell yeh what I have -- who have say I have bin -- eh ? " " we guess , " say Hermione apologetically . " oh , Yeh do , do Yeh ? " say Hagrid , fix her sternly with the eye that be not hide by the steak . " it be kind of ... obvious , " say Ron . Harry nod . Hagrid glare at them , then snort , throw the steak onto the table again and stride back to the kettle , which be now whistle . " never know kid like you three fer knowin ' more'n Yeh oughta , " he mutter , splash boil water into three of his bucket-shaped mug . " an ' I be not complimentin ' yeh , neither . nosy , some will call it . Interferin ' . " but his beard twitch . " so you have be to look for giant ? " say Harry , grin as he sit down at the table . Hagrid set tea in front of each of them , sit down , pick up his steak again , and slap it back over his face . " yeah , all righ ' , " he grunt , " I have . " " and you find them ? " say Hermione in a hush voice . " well , they be not that difficult ter find , ter be honest , " say Hagrid . " pretty big , see . " " where be they ? " say Ron . " mountain , " say Hagrid unhelpfully . " so why do n't Muggles -- ? " " they do , " say Hagrid darkly . " O'ny their death be always put down ter mountaineerin ' accident , Aren ' they ? " he adjust the steak a little so that it cover the bad of the bruising . " come on , Hagrid , tell us what you have be up to ! " say Ron . " tell us about be attack by the giant and Harry can tell you about be attack by the dementors -- " Hagrid choke in his mug and drop his steak at the same time ; a large quantity of spit , tea , and dragon blood be spray over the table as Hagrid cough and splutter and the steak slide , with a soft splat , onto the floor . " Whadda Yeh mean , attack by dementors ? " growl Hagrid . " do n't you know ? " Hermione ask him , wide-eyed . " I don ' know anything that have be happenin ' since I leave . I be on a secret mission , wasn ' I , didn ' wan ' owl followin ' me all over the place -- ruddy dementors ! Yeh be not serious ? " " yeah , I be , they turn up in Little Whinging and attack my cousin and me , and then the Ministry of Magic expel me -- " " what ? " " - and I have to go to a hearing and everything , but tell us about the giant first . " " you be expel ? " " tell us about your summer and I will tell you about mine . " Hagrid glare at him through his one open eye . Harry look right back , an expression of innocent determination on his face . " oh , all righ ' , " Hagrid say in a resigned voice . he bend down and tug the dragon steak out of Fang 's mouth . " oh , Hagrid , do n't , it be not hygien -- " Hermione begin , but Hagrid have already slap the meat back over his swollen eye . he take another fortify gulp of tea and then say , " well , we set off righ ' after term end -- " " Madame Maxime go with you , then ? " Hermione interject . " yeah , tha 's right , " say Hagrid , and a softened expression appear on the few inch of face that be not obscure by beard or green steak . " yeah , it be jus ' the pair of us . an ' I will tell Yeh this , she be not afraid of roughin ' it , Olympe . Yeh know , she be a fine , well-dressed woman , an ' knowin ' where we be goin ' I wonder ' ow she will feel abou ' clamberin ' over boulder an ' sleepin ' in cave an ' tha ' , bu ' she never complain once . " " you know where you be go ? " Harry ask . " you know where the giant be ? " " well , Dumbledore know , an ' he tell us , " say Hagrid . " be they hide ? " ask Ron . " be it a secret , where they be ? " " not really , " say Hagrid , shake his shaggy head . " it be jus ' that mo ' wizard aren ' bother where they be , s ' long as it be a good long way away . but where they be be very difficult ter get ter , fer human anyway , so we need Dumbledore 's instruction . take us abou ' a month ter get there -- " " a month ? " say Ron , as though he have never hear of a journey last such a ridiculously long time . " but -- why could n't you just grab a Portkey or something ? " there be an odd expression in Hagrid 's unobscured eye as he squint at Ron ; it be almost pity . " we be bein ' watch , Ron , " he say gruffly . " what d'you mean ? " " Yeh don ' understand , " say Hagrid . " the Ministry 's keepin ' an eye on Dumbledore an ' anyone they reckon be in league with him , an ' -- " " we know about that , " say Harry quickly , keen to hear the rest of Hagrid 's story . " we know about the Ministry watching Dumbledore -- " " so you could n't use magic to get there ? " ask Ron , look thunderstruck . " you have to act like Muggles all the way ? " " well , not exactly all the way , " say Hagrid cagily . " we jus ' have ter be careful , ' cause Olympe an ' me , we stick out a bit -- " Ron make a stifle noise somewhere between a snort and a sniff and hastily take a gulp of tea . " - so we be not hard ter follow . we be pretendin ' we be goin ' on holiday together , so we get inter France an ' we make like we be headin ' fer where Olympe 's school be , ' cause we know we be Bein ' tail by someone from the Ministry . we have to go slow , ' cause I be not really s'posed ter use magic an ' we know the Ministry will be lookin ' fer a reason ter run us in . but we manage ter give the berk tailin ' us the slip around abou ' Dee-John -- " " Ooooh , Dijon ? " say Hermione excitedly . " I have be there on holiday , do you see -- ? " she fall silent at the look on Ron 's face . " we chance a bit o ' magic after that , and it wasn ' a bad journey . run inter a couple o ' mad troll on the Polish border , an ' I have a sligh ' disagreement with a vampire in a pub in Minsk , but apart from tha ' , couldn't'a bin smoother . " an ' then we reach the place , an ' we start trekkin ' up through the mountain , lookin ' fer sign of ' em ... " we have ter lie off the magic once we get near ' em . partly ' cause they don ' like wizard an ' we didn ' want ter put their back up too soon , and partly ' cause Dumbledore have warn us You-Know-Who be bind ter be after the giant an ' all . say it be odd on he have send a messenger off ter them already . tell us ter be very careful of drawin ' attention ter ourselves as we get near in case there be death eater around . " Hagrid pause for a long draft of tea . " go on ! " say Harry urgently . " find ' em , " say Hagrid baldly . " go over a ridge one nigh ' an ' there they be , spread ou ' underneath us . little fire burnin ' below an ' huge shadow ... it be like watchin ' bit o ' the mountain movin ' . " " how big be they ? " ask Ron in a hush voice . " ' Bout twenty foot , " say Hagrid casually . " some o ' the big one mighta bin twenty-five . " " and how many be there ? " ask Harry . " I reckon abou ' seventy or eighty , " say Hagrid . " be that all ? " say Hermione . " Yep , " say Hagrid sadly , " eighty left , an ' there be load once , musta bin a hundred diff'rent tribe from all over the world . but they have bin dyin ' out fer age . wizard kill a few , o ' course , but mostly they kill each other , an ' now they be dyin ' out fast than ever . they be not make ter live bunch up together like tha ' . Dumbledore say it be our fault , it be the wizard who force ' em to go an ' make ' em live a good long way from us an ' they have no choice but ter stick together fer their own protection . " " so , " say Harry , " you see them and then what ? " " well , we wait till morning , didn ' want ter go sneakin ' up on ' em in the dark , fer our own safety , " say Hagrid . " ' Bout three in the mornin ' they fall asleep jus ' where they be sittin ' . we didn ' dare sleep . Fer one thing , we want ter make sure none of ' em wake up an ' come up where we be , an ' fer another , the snorin ' be unbelievable . cause an avalanche near mornin ' . " anyway , once it be light we wen ' down ter see ' em . " " just like that ? " say Ron , look awestruck . " you just walk right into a giant camp ? " " well , Dumbledore have tell us how ter do it , " say Hagrid . " give the Gurg gift , show some respect , yeh know . " " give the what gift ? " ask Harry . " oh , the Gurg -- mean the chief . " " how could you tell which one be the Gurg ? " ask Ron . Hagrid grunt in amusement . " no problem , " he say . " he be the big , the ugly , an ' the lazy . Sittin ' there waitin ' ter be bring food by the other . dead goat an ' such like . name o ' Karkus . I will put him at twenty-two , twenty-three foot , an ' the weight of a couple o ' bull elephant . skin like rhino hide an ' all . " " and you just walk up to him ? " say Hermione breathlessly . " well ... down ter him , where he be lyin ' in the valley . they be in this dip between four pretty high mountain , see , beside a mountain lake , an ' Karkus be lyin ' by the lake roarin ' at the other ter feed him an ' his wife . Olympe an ' I go down the mountainside -- " " but do n't they try and kill you when they see you ? " ask Ron incredulously . " it be def'nitely on some of their mind , " say Hagrid , shrug , " but we do what Dumbledore tell us ter do , which be ter hold our gift up high an ' keep our eye on the Gurg an ' ignore the other . so tha 's what we do . an ' the rest of ' em go quiet an ' watch us pass an ' we get right up ter Karkus 's foot an ' we bow an ' put our present down in front o ' him . " " what do you give a giant ? " ask Ron eagerly . " food ? " " Nah , he can get food all righ ' fer himself , " say Hagrid . " we take him magic . giant like magic , jus ' do n't like us usin ' it against ' em . anyway , that fir ' day we give him a branch o ' Gubraithian fire . " Hermione say " wow " softly , but Harry and Ron both frown in puzzlement . " a branch of -- ? " " everlasting fire , " say Hermione irritably , " you ought to know that by now , Professor Flitwick have mention it at least twice in class ! " " well anyway , " say Hagrid quickly , intervene before Ron could answer back , " Dumbledore have bewitch this branch to burn evermore , which isn ' somethin ' any wizard could do , an ' so I lie it down in the snow by Karkus 's foot and say , ' a gift to the Gurg of the giant from Albus Dumbledore , who send his respectful greeting . ' " " and what do Karkus say ? " ask Harry eagerly . " Nothin ' , " say Hagrid . " Didn ' speak English . " " you be kid ! " " Didn ' matter , " say Hagrid imperturbably , " Dumbledore have warn us tha ' migh ' happen . Karkus know enough to yell fer a couple o ' giant who know our lingo an ' they translate fer us . " " and do he like the present ? " ask Ron . " oh yeah , it go down a storm once they understand what it be , " say Hagrid , turn his dragon steak over to press the cool side to his swollen eye . " very pleased . so then I say , ' Albus Dumbledore ask the Gurg to speak with his messenger when he return tomorrow with another gift . ' " " why could n't you speak to them that day ? " ask Hermione . " Dumbledore want us ter take it very slow , " say Hagrid . " let ' em see we keep our promise . we will come back tomorrow with another present , an ' then we do come back with another present -- give a good impression , see ? an ' give them time ter test out the fir ' present an ' find out it be a good one , an ' get ' em eager fer more . in any case , giant like Karkus -- overload ' em with information an ' they will kill yeh jus ' to simplify thing . so we bow outta the way an ' go off an ' find ourselves a nice little cave ter spend that night in , an ' the followin ' mornin ' we go back an ' this time we find Karkus sittin ' up waitin ' fer us lookin ' all eager . " " and you talk to him ? " " oh yeah . fir ' we present him with a nice battle helmet -- goblin-made an ' indestructible , yeh know -- an ' then we sit down an ' we talk . " " what do he say ? " " not much , " say Hagrid . " listen mostly . but there be good sign . he have hear o ' Dumbledore , hear he have argue against the killin ' of the last giant in Britain . Karkus seem ter be quite int'rested in what Dumbledore have ter say . an ' a few o ' the other , ' specially the one who have some English , they gather around an ' listen too . we be hopeful when we leave that day . promised ter come back next day with another present . " but that night it all wen ' wrong . " " what d'you mean ? " say Ron quickly . " well , like I say , they be not mean ter live together , giant , " say Hagrid sadly . " not in big group like that . they can ' help themselves , they half kill each other every few week . the man fight each other an ' the woman fight each other , the remnant of the old tribe fight each other , an ' that be even without squabble over food an ' the good fire an ' sleepin ' spot . Yeh will think , seein ' as how their whole race be abou ' finish , they will lay off each other , but ... " Hagrid sigh deeply " that night a fight break out , we see it from the mouth of our cave , lookin ' down on the valley . go on fer hour , Yeh wouldn ' believe the noise . an ' when the sun come up the snow be scarlet an ' his head be lyin ' at the bottom o ' the lake . " " whose head ? " gasp Hermione . " Karkus 's , " say Hagrid heavily . " there be a new Gurg , Golgomath . " he sigh deeply . " well , we hadn ' bargain on a new Gurg two day after we have make friendly contact with the fir ' one , an ' we have a funny feelin ' Golgomath wouldn ' be so keen ter listen to us , but we have ter try . " " you go to speak to him ? " ask Ron incredulously . " after you have watch him rip off another giant 's head ? " " ' Course we do , " say Hagrid , " we hadn ' go all that way ter give up after two day ! we wen ' down with the next present we have mean ter give ter Karkus . " I know it be no go before I have open me mouth . he be sit there wearin ' Karkus 's helmet , leerin ' at us as we get near . he be massive , one o ' the big one there . Black hair an ' matchin ' tooth an ' a necklace o ' bone . Human-lookin ' bone , some of ' em . well , I give it a go -- hold out a great roll o ' dragon skin -- an ' say a gift fer the Gurg of the giant - ' Nex ' thing I know , I be hangin ' upside down in the air by me foot , two of his mate have grab me . " Hermione clap her hand to her mouth . " how do you get out of that ? " ask Harry . " Wouldn'ta do if Olympe hadn ' bin there , " say Hagrid . " she pull out her wand an ' do some o ' the fastes ' spellwork I have ever see . ruddy marvelous . hit the two holdin ' me right in the eye with Conjunctivitus Curses an ' they drop me straightaway -- bu ' we be in trouble then , ' cause we have use magic against ' em , an ' that be what giant hate abou ' wizard . we have ter leg it an ' we know there be no way we be go ter be able ter march inter camp again . " " Blimey , Hagrid , " say Ron quietly . " so how come it have take you so long to get home if you be only there for three day ? " ask Hermione . " we didn ' leave after three day ! " say Hagrid , look outrage . " Dumbledore be relyin ' on us ! " " but you have just say there be no way you could go back ! " " not by daylight , we couldn ' , no . we just have ter rethink a bit . spend a couple o ' day lyin ' low up in the cave an ' watchin ' . an ' wha ' we see wasn ' good . " " do he rip off more head ? " ask Hermione , sound squeamish . " no , " say Hagrid . " I wish he have . " " what d'you mean ? " " I mean we soon find out he didn ' object ter all wizard -- just us . " " death eater ? " say Harry quickly . " Yep , " say Hagrid darkly . " couple of ' em be visitin ' him ev'ry day , bringin ' gift ter the Gurg , an ' he wasn ' dangle them upside down . " " how d'you know they be Death Eaters ? " say Ron . " because I recognize one of ' em , " Hagrid growl . " Macnair , remember him ? bloke they send ter kill Buckbeak ? maniac , he be . like Killin ' as much as Golgomath , no wonder they be gettin ' on so well . " " so Macnair 's persuade the giant to join You-Know-Who ? " say Hermione desperately . " hold yer hippogriff , I haven ' finish me story yet ! " say Hagrid indignantly , who , consider he have not want to tell them anything in the first place , now seem to be rather enjoy himself . " me an ' Olympe talk it over an ' we agree , jus ' ' cause the Gurg look like favorin ' You-Know-Who didn ' mean all of ' em would . we have ter try an ' persuade some o ' the other , the one who hadn ' want Golgomath as Gurg . " " how could you tell which one they be ? " ask Ron . " well , they be the one bein ' beat to a pulp , weren ' they ? " say Hagrid patiently . " the one with any sense be keepin ' outta Golgomath 's way , hidin ' out in cave roun ' the gully jus ' like we be . so we decide we will go pokin ' round the cave by night an ' see if we couldn ' persuade a few o ' them . " " you go poke around dark cave look for giant ? " say Ron with awe respect in his voice . " well , it wasn ' the giant who worry us most , " say Hagrid . " we be more concerned abou ' the Death Eaters . Dumbledore have tell us before we wen ' not ter tangle with ' em if we could avoid it , an ' the trouble be they know we be around -- ' spect Golgomath tell him abou ' us . at night when the giant be sleepin ' an ' we want ter be creepin ' inter the cave , Macnair an ' the other one be sneakin ' round the mountain lookin ' fer us . I be hard put to stop Olympe jumpin ' out at them , " say Hagrid , the corner of his mouth lift his wild beard . " she be rarin ' ter attack ' em . ... she be somethin ' when she be rouse , Olympe . ... Fiery , yeh know ... ' spect it be the French in her ... " Hagrid gaze misty-eyed into the fire . Harry allow him thirty second ' reminiscence before clear his throat loudly . " so what happen ? do you ever get near any of the other giant ? " " what ? oh ... oh yeah , we do . yeah , on the third night after Karkus be kill , we creep outta the cave we will bin hidin ' in and head back down inter the gully , keepin ' our eye skin fer the Death Eaters . get inside a few o ' the cave , no go -- then , in abou ' the sixth one , we find three giant hidin ' . " " Cave must have be cramp , " say Ron . " Wasn ' room ter swing a kneazle , " say Hagrid . " do n't they attack you when they see you ? " ask Hermione . " probably woulda do if they will bin in any condition , " say Hagrid , " but they be badly hurt , all three o ' them . Golgomath 's lot have beat ' em unconscious ; they have wake up an ' crawl inter the near shelter they could find . anyway , one o ' them have a bit of English an ' ' e translate fer the other , an ' what we have ter say didn ' seem ter go down too badly . so we kep ' goin ' back , visitin ' the wounded . ... I reckon we have abou ' six or seven o ' them convince at one poin ' . " " six or seven ? " say Ron eagerly . " well that be not bad -- be they go to come over here and start fight You-Know-Who with us ? " but Hermione say , " what do you mean ' at one point , ' Hagrid ? " Hagrid look at her sadly . " Golgomath 's lot raid the cave . the one tha ' survive didn ' wan ' no more ter to do with us after that . " " so ... so there be n't any giant come ? " say Ron , look disappoint . " Nope , " say Hagrid , heave a deep sigh as he turn over his steak again and apply the cool side to his face , " but we do Wha ' we mean ter do , we give ' em Dumbledore 's message an ' some o ' them hear it an ' I ' spect some o ' them will remember it . jus ' maybe , them that don ' want ter stay around Golgomath will move outta the mountain , an ' there be gotta be a chance they will remember Dumbledore be friendly to ' em . ... could be they will come ... " Snow be fill up the window now . Harry become aware that the knee of his robe be soak through ; Fang be drool with his head in Harry 's lap . " Hagrid ? " say Hermione quietly after a while . " Mmm ? " " do you ... be there any sign of ... do you hear anything about your ... your ... mother while you be there ? " Hagrid 's unobscured eye rest upon her , and Hermione look rather scare . " I be sorry ... I ... forget it -- " " Dead , " Hagrid grunt . " die year ago . they tell me . " " oh ... I be ... I be really sorry , " say Hermione in a very small voice . Hagrid shrug his massive shoulder . " no need , " he say shortly . " can ' remember her much . Wasn ' a great mother . " they be silent again . Hermione glance nervously at Harry and Ron , plainly want them to speak . " but you still have n't explain how you get in this state , Hagrid , " Ron say , gesture toward Hagrid 's bloodstained face . " or why you be back so late , " say Harry . " Sirius say Madame Maxime get back age ago -- " " who attack you ? " say Ron . " I haven ' bin attack ! " say Hagrid emphatically . " I -- " but the rest of his word be drown in a sudden outbreak of rap on the door . Hermione gasp ; her mug slip through her finger and smash on the floor ; Fang yelp . all four of them stare at the window beside the doorway . the shadow of somebody small and squat ripple across the thin curtain . " it be her ! " Ron whisper . " get under here ! " Harry say quickly ; seize the Invisibility Cloak he whirl it over himself and Hermione while Ron tear around the table and dive beneath the cloak as well . huddle together they back away into a corner . Fang be bark madly at the door . Hagrid look thoroughly confuse . " Hagrid , hide our mug ! " Hagrid seize Harry 's and Ron 's mug and shove them under the cushion in Fang 's basket . Fang be now leap up at the door ; Hagrid push him out of the way with his foot and pull it open . Professor Umbridge be stand in the doorway wear her green tweed cloak and a match hat with earflap . lip purse , she lean back so as to see Hagrid 's face ; she barely reach his navel . " so , " she say slowly and loudly , as though speak to somebody deaf . " you be Hagrid , be you ? " without wait for an answer she stroll into the room , her bulge eye roll in every direction . " get away , " she snap , wave her handbag at Fang , who have bound up to her and be attempt to lick her face . " er -- I don ' want ter be rude , " say Hagrid , stare at her , " but who the ruddy hell be you ? " " my name be Dolores Umbridge . " her eye be sweep the cabin . twice they stare directly into the corner where Harry stand , sandwich between Ron and Hermione . " Dolores Umbridge ? " Hagrid say , sound thoroughly confused . " I think you be one o ' them Ministry -- don ' you work with Fudge ? " " I be Senior Undersecretary to the Minister , yes , " say Umbridge , now pace around the cabin , take in every tiny detail within , from the haversack against the wall to the abandoned travel cloak . " I be now the defense against the Dark Arts teacher -- " " tha 's brave of Yeh , " say Hagrid , " there be not many will take tha ' job anymore -- " " - and Hogwarts High Inquisitor , " say Umbridge , give no sign that she have hear him . " Wha be that ? " say Hagrid , frown . " precisely what I be go to ask , " say Umbridge , point at the break shard of china on the floor that have be Hermione 's mug . " oh , " say Hagrid , with a most unhelpful glance toward the corner where Harry , Ron , and Hermione stand hide , " oh , tha ' be ... be Fang . he break a mug . so I have ter use this one instead . " Hagrid point to the mug from which he have be drink , one hand still clamp over the dragon steak press to his eye . Umbridge stand face him now , take in every detail of his appearance instead of the cabin 's . " I hear voice , " she say quietly . " I be talkin ' ter Fang , " say Hagrid stoutly . " and be he talk back to you ? " " well ... in a manner o ' speakin ' , " say Hagrid , look uncomfortable . " I sometimes say Fang 's near enough human -- " " there be three set of footprint in the snow lead from the castle door to your cabin , " say Umbridge sleekly . Hermione gasp ; Harry clap a hand over her mouth . luckily , Fang be sniff loudly around the hem of Professor Umbridge 's robe , and she do not appear to have hear . " well , I on'y jus ' get back , " say Hagrid , wave an enormous hand at the haversack . " maybe someone come ter call earlier an ' I miss em . " there be no footstep lead away from your cabin door . " " well I ... I don ' know why that will be . ... " say Hagrid , tug nervously at his beard and again glance toward the corner where Harry , Ron , and Hermione stand , as though ask for help . " erm ... " Umbridge wheel around and stride the length of the cabin , look around carefully . she bend and peer under the bed . she open Hagrid 's cupboard . she pass within two inch of where Harry , Ron , and Hermione stand press against the wall ; Harry actually pull in his stomach as she walk by . after look carefully inside the enormous cauldron Hagrid use for cook she wheel around again and say , " what have happen to you ? how do you sustain those injury ? " Hagrid hastily remove the dragon steak from his face , which in Harry 's opinion be a mistake , because the black-and-purple bruise all around his eye be now clearly visible , not to mention the large amount of fresh and congeal blood on his face . " oh , I ... have a bit of an accident , " he say lamely . " what sort of accident ? " " I-I trip . " " you trip , " she repeat coolly . " yeah , tha 's right . over ... over a friend broomstick . I don ' fly , meself . well , look at the size o ' me , I don ' reckon there be a broomstick that will hold me . friend o ' mine breed Abraxan horse , I dunno if you have ever see ' em , big beast , wing , yeh know , I have have a bit of a ride on one o ' them an ' it be -- " " where have you be ? " ask Umbridge , cut coolly through Hagrid 's babble . " where have I ... ? " " be , yes , " she say . " term start more than two month ago . another teacher have have to cover your class . none of your colleague have be able to give me any information as to your whereabouts . you leave no address . where have you be ? " there be a pause in which Hagrid stare at her with his newly uncover eye . Harry could almost hear his brain work furiously . " I -- I have be away for me health , " he say . " for your health , " say Umbridge . her eye travel over Hagrid be discolor and swell face ; dragon blood drip gently onto his waistcoat in the silence . " I see . " " yeah , " say Hagrid , " bit o ' -- o ' fresh air , yeh know -- " " Yes , as gamekeeper fresh air must be so difficult to come by , " say Umbridge sweetly . the small patch of Hagrid 's face that be not black or purple flush . " well -- change o ' scene , yeh know -- " " Mountain scenery ? " say Umbridge swiftly . she know , Harry think desperately . " mountain ? " Hagrid repeat , clearly think fast . " Nope , South of France fer me . bit o ' sun an ' ... an ' sea . " " really ? " say Umbridge . " you do n't have much of a tan . " " yeah ... well ... sensitive skin , " say Hagrid , attempt an ingratiating smile . Harry notice that two of his tooth have be knock out . Umbridge look at him coldly ; his smile falter . then she hoist her handbag a little high into the crook of her arm and say , " I shall , of course , be inform the Minister of your late return . " " Righ ' , " say Hagrid , nod . " you ought to know too that as High Inquisitor it be my unfortunate but necessary duty to inspect my fellow teacher . so I daresay we shall meet again soon enough . " she turn sharply and march back to the door . " you be inspectin ' us ? " Hagrid echo blankly , look after her . " oh yes , " say Umbridge softly , look back at him with her hand on the door handle . " the Ministry be determine to weed out unsatisfactory teacher , Hagrid . good night . " she leave , close the door behind her with a snap . Harry make to pull off the Invisibility Cloak but Hermione seize his wrist . " not yet , " she breathe in his ear . " she might not be go yet . " Hagrid seem to be think the same way ; he stump across the room and pull back the curtain an inch or so . " she be goin ' back ter the castle , " he say in a low voice . " Blimey ... inspectin ' people , be she ? " " yeah , " say Harry , pull the cloak off . " Trelawney 's on probation already . ... " " Um ... what sort of thing be you plan to do with us in class , Hagrid ? " ask Hermione . " oh , don ' you worry abou ' that , I have get a great load o ' lesson plan , " say Hagrid enthusiastically , scoop up his dragon steak from the table and slap it over his eye again . " I have bin keepin ' a couple o ' creature save fer yer O.W.L. year , you wait , they be somethin ' really special . " " erm ... special in what way ? " ask Hermione tentatively . " I be not sayin ' , " say Hagrid happily . " I don ' want ter spoil the surprise . " " look , Hagrid , " say Hermione urgently , drop all pretense , " Professor Umbridge wo n't be at all happy if you bring anything to class that be too dangerous -- " " dangerous ? " say Hagrid , look genially bemused . " don ' be silly , I wouldn ' give yeh anythin ' dangerous ! I mean , all righ ' , they can look after themselves -- " " Hagrid , you have get to pass Umbridge 's inspection , and to do that it would really be good if she see you teach us how to look after porlocks , how to tell the difference between knarls and hedgehog , stuff like that ! " say Hermione earnestly . " but tha be not very interestin ' , Hermione , " say Hagrid . " the stuff I have get be much more impressive , I have bin bringin ' ' em on fer year , I reckon I have get the on'y domestic herd in Britain -- " " Hagrid ... please ... " say Hermione , a note of real desperation in her voice . " Umbridge be look for any excuse to get rid of teacher she think be too close to Dumbledore . please , Hagrid , teach us something dull that be bind to come up in our O.W.L. ... " but Hagrid merely yawn widely and cast a one-eyed look of longing toward the vast bed in the corner . " Lis'en , it be bin a long day an ' it be late , " he say , pat Hermione gently on the shoulder , so that her knee give way and hit the floor with a thud . " oh -- sorry -- " he pull her back up by the neck of her robe . " look , don ' you go worryin ' abou ' me , I promise yeh I have get really good stuff plan fer yer lesson now I be back . ... now you lot have well get back up to the castle , an ' don ' forget ter wipe yer footprint out behind yeh ! " " I dunno if you get through to him , " say Ron a short while later when , have check that the coast be clear , they walk back up to the castle through the thickening snow , leave no trace behind them due to the Obliteration Charm Hermione be perform as they go . " then I will go back again tomorrow , " say Hermione determinedly . " I will plan his lesson for him if I have to . I do n't care if she throw out Trelawney but she be not take Hagrid ! " the Eye of the Snake Hermione plow her way back to Hagrid 's cabin through two foot of snow on Sunday morning . Harry and Ron want to go with her , but their mountain of homework have reach an alarming height again , so they grudgingly remain in the common room , try to ignore the gleeful shout drift up from the ground outside , where student be enjoy themselves skate on the frozen lake , toboggan , and bad of all , bewitch snowball to zoom up to Gryffindor Tower and rap hard on the window . " Oy ! " bellow Ron , finally lose patience and stick his head out of the window , " I be a prefect and if one more snowball hit this window -- Ouch ! " he withdraw his head sharply , his face cover in snow . " it be Fred and George , " he say bitterly , slam the window behind him . " git ... " Hermione return from Hagrid 's just before lunch , shiver slightly , her robe damp to the knee . " so ? " say Ron , look up when she enter . " get all his lesson plan for him ? " " well , I try , " she say dully , sink into a chair beside Harry . she pull out her wand and give it a complicated little wave so that hot air stream out of the tip ; she then point this at her robe , which begin to steam as they dry out . " he be n't even there when I arrive , I be knock for at least half an hour . and then he come stump out of the forest -- " Harry groan . the Forbidden Forest be teem with the kind of creature most likely to get Hagrid the sack . " what be he keep in there ? do he say ? " ask Harry . " no , " say Hermione miserably . " he say he want them to be a surprise . I try to explain about Umbridge , but he just do n't get it . he keep say nobody in their right mind would rather study knarls than chimaera -- oh I do n't think he be get a chimaera , " she add at the appall look on Harry and Ron 's face , " but that be not for lack of try from what he say about how hard it be to get egg . ... I do n't know how many time I tell him he will be good off follow Grubbly-Plank 's plan , I honestly do n't think he listen to half of what I say . he be in a bit of a funny mood , you know . he still wo n't say how he get all those injury . ... " Hagrid 's reappearance at the staff table at breakfast next day be not greet by enthusiasm from all student . some , like Fred , George , and Lee , roar with delight and sprint up the aisle between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff table to wring Hagrid 's enormous hand ; other , like Parvati and Lavender , exchange gloomy look and shake their head . Harry know that many of them prefer Professor Grubbly-Plank 's lesson , and the bad of it be that a very small , unbiased part of him know that they have good reason : Grubbly-Plank 's idea of an interesting class be not one where there be a risk that somebody might have their head rip off . it be with a certain amount of apprehension that Harry , Ron , and Hermione head down to Hagrid 's on Tuesday , heavily muffle against the cold . Harry be worry , not only about what Hagrid might have decide to teach them , but also about how the rest of the class , particularly Malfoy and his crony , would behave if Umbridge be watch them . however , the High Inquisitor be nowhere to be see as they struggle through the snow toward Hagrid , who stand wait for them on the edge of the forest . he do not present a reassuring sight ; the bruise that have be purple on Saturday night be now ting with green and yellow and some of his cut still seem to be bleed . Harry could not understand this : have Hagrid perhaps be attack by some creature whose venom prevent the wound it inflict from healing ? as though to complete the ominous picture , Hagrid be carry what look like half a dead cow over his shoulder . " we be workin ' in here today ! " Hagrid call happily to the approach student , jerk his head back at the dark tree behind him . " bit more sheltered ! anyway , they prefer the dark . ... " " what prefer the dark ? " Harry hear Malfoy say sharply to Crabbe and Goyle , a trace of panic in his voice . " what do he say prefer the dark -- do you hear ? " Harry remember the only occasion on which Malfoy have enter the forest before now ; he have not be very brave then either . he smile to himself ; after the Quidditch match anything that cause Malfoy discomfort be all right with him . " ready ? " say Hagrid happily , look around at the class . " right , well , I have bin savin ' a trip inter the forest fer yer fifth year . think we will go an ' see these creature in their natural habitat . now , what we be studyin ' today be pretty rare , I reckon I be probably the on'y person in Britain who have manage ter train ' em -- " " and you be sure they be train , be you ? " say Malfoy , the panic in his voice even more pronounce now . " only it would n't be the first time you have bring wild stuff to class , would it ? " the Slytherins murmur agreement and a few Gryffindors look as though they think Malfoy have a fair point too . " ' Course they be train , " say Hagrid , scowl and hoist the dead cow a little high on his shoulder . " so what happen to your face , then ? " demand Malfoy . " mind yer own business ! " say Hagrid , angrily . " now if yeh have finish askin ' stupid question , follow me ! " he turn and stride straight into the forest . nobody seem much dispose to follow . Harry glance at Ron and Hermione , who sigh but nod , and the three of them set off after Hagrid , lead the rest of the class . they walk for about ten minute until they reach a place where the tree stand so closely together that it be as dark as twilight and there be no snow on the ground at all . Hagrid deposit his half a cow with a grunt on the ground , step back , and turn to face his class again , most of whom be creep toward him from tree to tree , peer around nervously as though expect to be set upon at any moment . " gather roun ' , gather roun ' , " say Hagrid encouragingly . " now , they will be attract by the smell o ' the meat but I be goin ' ter give ' em a call anyway , ' cause they will like ter know it be me . ... " he turn , shake his shaggy head to get the hair out of his face , and give an odd , shriek cry that echo through the dark tree like the call of some monstrous bird . nobody laugh ; most of them look too scare to make a sound . Hagrid give the shriek cry again . a minute pass in which the class continue to peer nervously over their shoulder and around tree for a first glimpse of whatever it be that be come . and then , as Hagrid shake his hair back for a third time and expand his enormous chest , Harry nudge Ron and point into the black space between two gnarled yew tree . a pair of blank , white , shine eye be grow large through the gloom and a moment later the dragonish face , neck , and then skeletal body of a great , black , wing horse emerge from the darkness . it look around at the class for a few second , swish its long black tail , then bow its head and begin to tear flesh from the dead cow with its pointed fang . a great wave of relief break over Harry . here at last be proof that he have not imagine these creature , that they be real : Hagrid know about them too . he look eagerly at Ron , but Ron be still stare around into the tree and after a few second he whisper , " why do n't Hagrid call again ? " most of the rest of the class be wear expression as confused and nervously expectant as Ron 's and be still gaze everywhere but at the horse stand foot from them . there be only two other people who seem to be able to see them : a stringy Slytherin boy stand just behind Goyle be watch the horse eat with an expression of great distaste on his face , and Neville , whose eye be follow the swish progress of the long black tail . " oh , an ' here come another one ! " say Hagrid proudly , as a second black horse appear out of the dark tree , fold its leathery wing closer to its body , and dip its head to gorge on the meat . " now ... put yer hand up , who can see ' em ? " immensely pleased to feel that he be at last go to understand the mystery of these horse , Harry raise his hand . Hagrid nod at him . " yeah ... yeah , I know you will be able ter , Harry , " he say seriously . " an ' you too , Neville , eh ? an ' -- " " Excuse me , " say Malfoy in a sneering voice , " but what exactly be we suppose to be see ? " for answer , Hagrid point at the cow carcass on the ground . the whole class stare at it for a few second , then several people gasp and Parvati squeal . Harry understand why : bit of flesh strip themselves away from the bone and vanish into thin air have to look very odd indeed . " what be do it ? " Parvati demand in a terrify voice , retreat behind the near tree . " what be eat it ? " " Thestrals , " say Hagrid proudly and Hermione give a soft " oh ! " of comprehension at Harry 's shoulder . " Hogwarts have get a whole herd of ' em in here . now , who know -- ? " " but they be really , really unlucky ! " interrupted Parvati , look alarm . " they be suppose to bring all sort of horrible misfortune on people who see them . Professor Trelawney tell me once -- " " no , no , no , " say Hagrid , chuckle , " tha 's jus ' superstition , that be , they aren ' unlucky , they be dead clever an ' useful ! ' Course , this lot don ' get a lot o ' work , it be mainly jus ' pullin ' the school carriage unless Dumbledore 's takin ' a long journey an ' don ' want ter Apparate -- an ' here be another couple , look -- " Two more horse come quietly out of the tree , one of them pass very close to Parvati , who shiver and press herself close to the tree , say , " I think I feel something , I think it be near me ! " " Don ' worry , it win ' hurt yeh , " say Hagrid patiently . " Righ ' , now , who can tell me why some o ' you can see them an ' some ca n't ? " Hermione raise her hand . " go on then , " say Hagrid , beam at her . " the only people who can see thestrals , " she say , " be people who have see death . " " tha be exactly right , " say Hagrid solemnly , " ten point ter Gryffindor . now , thestrals -- " " Hem , hem . " Professor Umbridge have arrive . she be stand a few foot away from Harry , wear her green hat and cloak again , her clipboard at the ready . Hagrid , who have never hear Umbridge 's fake cough before , be gaze in some concern at the close thestral , evidently under the impression that it have make the sound . " hem , hem . " " oh hello ! " Hagrid say , smile , have locate the source of the noise . " you receive the note I send to your cabin this morning ? " say Umbridge , in the same loud , slow voice she have use with him earlier , as though she be address somebody both foreign and very slow . " tell you that I would be inspect your lesson ? " " oh yeah , " say Hagrid brightly . " glad yeh find the place all righ ' ! well , as you can see -- or , I dunno -- can you ? we be doin ' thestrals today -- " " I be sorry ? " say Umbridge loudly , cup her hand around her ear and frown . " what do you say ? " Hagrid look a little confuse . " er -- thestrals ! " he say loudly . " big -- er -- wing horse , yeh know ! " he flap his gigantic arm hopefully . Professor Umbridge raise her eyebrow at him and mutter as she make a note on her clipboard , " ' have ... to ... resort ... to ... crude ... sign ... language ... ' " " well ... anyway ... " say Hagrid , turn back to the class and look slightly fluster . " erm ... what be I sayin ' ? " " ' Appears ... to ... have ... poor ... short ... term ... memory ... ' " mutter Umbridge , loudly enough for everyone to hear her . Draco Malfoy look as though Christmas have come a month early ; Hermione , on the other hand , have turn scarlet with suppress rage . " oh yeah , " say Hagrid , throw an uneasy glance at Umbridge 's clipboard , but plow on valiantly . " yeah , I be gonna tell yeh how come we get a herd . yeah , so , we start off with a male an ' five female . this one , " he pat the first horse to have appear , " name o ' Tenebrus , he be my special favorite , fir ' one bear here in the forest -- " " be you aware , " Umbridge say loudly , interrupt him , " that the Ministry of Magic have classify thestrals as ' dangerous ' ? " Harry 's heart sink like a stone , but Hagrid merely chuckle . " Thestrals Aren ' dangerous ! all righ , they might take a bite outta you if yeh really annoy them -- " " ' Shows ... sign ... of ... pleasure ... at ... idea ... of ... violence ... ' " mutter Umbridge , scribble on her clipboard again . " no -- come on ! " say Hagrid , look a little anxious now . " I mean , a dog will bite if yeh bait it , win ' it -- but thestrals have jus ' get a bad reputation because o ' the death thing -- people use ter think they be bad omen , didn ' they ? jus ' didn ' understand , do they ? " Umbridge do not answer ; she finish write her last note , then look up at Hagrid and say , again very loudly and slowly , " Please continue teaching as usual . I be go to walk " -- she mime walk -- Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson be have silent fit of laughter -- " among the student " -- she point around at individual member of the class -- " and ask them question . " she point at her mouth to indicate talk . Hagrid stare at her , clearly at a complete loss to understand why she be act as though he do not understand normal English . Hermione have tear of fury in her eye now . " you hag , you evil hag ! " she whisper , as Umbridge walk toward Pansy Parkinson . " I know what you be do , you awful , twisted , vicious -- " " erm ... anyway , " say Hagrid , clearly struggle to regain the flow of his lesson , " so -- thestrals . yeah . well , there be load o ' good stuff abou ' them . ... " " do you find , " say Professor Umbridge in a ring voice to Pansy Parkinson , " that you be able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talk ? " just like Hermione , Pansy have tear in her eye , but these be tear of laughter ; indeed , her answer be almost incoherent because she be try to suppress her giggle . " no ... because ... well ... it sound ... like grunt a lot of the time . ... " Umbridge scribble on her clipboard . the few unbruised bit of Hagrid 's face flush , but he try to act as though he have not hear Pansy 's answer . " er ... yeah ... good stuff abou ' thestrals . well , once they be tame , like this lot , Yeh will never be lose again . ' Mazin ' sense o ' direction , jus ' tell ' em where yeh want ter go -- " " assume they can understand you , of course , " say Malfoy loudly , and Pansy Parkinson collapse in a fit of renewed giggle . Professor Umbridge smile indulgently at them and then turn to Neville . " you can see the thestrals , Longbottom , can you ? " she say . Neville nod . " whom do you see die ? " she ask , her tone indifferent . " my ... my grandad , " say Neville . " and what do you think of them ? " she say , wave her stubby hand at the horse , who by now have strip a great deal of the carcass down to bone . " erm , " say Neville nervously , with a glance at Hagrid . " well , they be ... er ... okay . ... " " ' student ... be ... too ... intimidate ... to ... admit ... they ... be ... frighten . ... ' " mutter Umbridge , make another note on her clipboard . " no ! " say Neville , look upset , " no , I be not scare of them -- ! " " it be quite all right , " say Umbridge , pat Neville on the shoulder with what she evidently intend to be an understanding smile , though it look more like a leer to Harry . " well , Hagrid , " she turn to look up at him again , speak once more in that loud , slow voice , " I think I have get enough to be get along with . ... you will receive " -- she mime take something from the air in front of her -- " the result of your inspection " -- she point at the clipboard -- " in ten day ' time . " she hold up ten stubby little finger , then , her smile wide and more toadlike than ever before beneath her green hat , she bustle from their midst , leave Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson in fit of laughter , Hermione actually shake with fury , and Neville look confused and upset . " that foul , lie , twist old gargoyle ! " storm Hermione half an hour later , as they make their way back up to the castle through the channel they have make earlier in the snow . " you see what she be up to ? it be her thing about half-breed all over again -- she be try to make out Hagrid be some kind of dim-witted troll , just because he have a giantess for a mother -- and oh , it be not fair , that really be n't a bad lesson at all -- I mean , all right , if it have be Blast-Ended Skrewts again , but thestrals be fine -- in fact , for Hagrid , they be really good ! " " Umbridge say they be dangerous , " say Ron . " well , it be like Hagrid say , they can look after themselves , " say Hermione impatiently , " and I suppose a teacher like Grubbly-Plank would n't usually show them to us before N.E.W.T. level , but , well , they be very interesting , be n't they ? the way some people can see them and some ca n't ! I wish I could . " " do you ? " Harry ask her quietly . she look horrorstruck . " Oh Harry -- I be sorry -- no , of course I do n't -- that be a really stupid thing to say -- " " it be okay , " he say quickly , " do n't worry . ... " " I be surprise so many people could see them , " say Ron . " three in a class -- " " Yeah , Weasley , we be just wonder , " say a malicious voice nearby . unheard by any of them in the muffle snow , Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be walk along right behind them . " D'you reckon if you see someone snuff it you will be able to see the Quaffle well ? " he , Crabbe , and Goyle roar with laughter as they push past on their way to the castle and then break into a chorus of " Weasley be Our King . " Ron 's ear turn scarlet . " ignore them , just ignore them , " intone Hermione , pull out her wand and perform the charm to produce hot air again , so that she could melt them an easy path through the untouched snow between them and the greenhouse . December arrive , bring with it more snow and a positive avalanche of homework for the fifth year . Ron and Hermione 's prefect duty also become more and more onerous as Christmas approach . they be call upon to supervise the decoration of the castle ( " you try put up tinsel when Peeves have get the other end and be try to strangle you with it , " say Ron ) , to watch over first and second year spend their break time inside because of the bitter cold ( " and they be cheeky little snotrags , you know , we definitely be n't that rude when we be in first year , " say Ron ) , and to patrol the corridor in shift with Argus Filch , who suspect that the holiday spirit might show itself in an outbreak of wizard duel ( " he be get dung for brain , that one , " say Ron furiously ) . they be so busy that Hermione have stop knit elf hat and be fret that she be down to her last three . " all those poor elf I have n't set free yet , have to stay over during Christmas because there be n't enough hat ! " Harry , who have not have the heart to tell her that Dobby be take everything she make , bend low over his history of Magic essay . in any case , he do not want to think about Christmas . for the first time in his school career , he very much want to spend the holiday away from Hogwarts . between his Quidditch ban and worry about whether or not Hagrid be go to be put on probation , he feel highly resentful toward the place at the moment . the only thing he really look forward to be the D.A. meeting , and they would have to stop over the holiday , as nearly everybody in the D.A. would be spend the time with their family . Hermione be go skiing with her parent , something that greatly amuse Ron , who have never before hear of Muggles strap narrow strip of wood to their foot to slide down mountain . Ron , meanwhile , be go home to the Burrow . Harry endure several day of jealousy before Ron say , in response to Harry ask how Ron be go to get home for Christmas , " but you be come too ! do n't I say ? Mum write and tell me to invite you week ago ! Hermione roll her eye , but Harry 's spirit soar : the thought of Christmas at the Burrow be truly wonderful , only slightly mar by Harry 's guilty feeling that he would not be able to spend the holiday with Sirius . he wonder whether he could possibly persuade Mrs. Weasley to invite his godfather for the festivity too , but apart from the fact that he doubt whether Dumbledore would permit Sirius to leave Grimmauld Place , he could not help but feel that Mrs. Weasley might not want him ; they be so often at loggerhead . Sirius have not contact Harry at all since his last appearance in the fire , and although Harry know that with Umbridge on the constant watch it would be unwise to attempt to contact him , he do not like to think of Sirius alone in his mother 's old house , perhaps pull a lonely cracker with Kreacher . Harry arrive early in the Room of Requirement for the last D.A. meeting before the holiday and be very glad he have , because when the lamp burst into light he see that Dobby have take it upon himself to decorate the place for Christmas . he could tell the elf have do it , because nobody else would have string a hundred golden bauble from the ceiling , each show a picture of Harry 's face and bear the legend Have A VERY Harry Christmas ! Harry have only just manage to get the last of them down before the door creak open and Luna Lovegood enter , look dreamy as always . " hello , " she say vaguely , look around at what remain of the decoration . " these be nice , do you put them up ? " " no , " say Harry , " it be Dobby the house-elf . " " mistletoe , " say Luna dreamily , point at a large clump of white berry place almost over Harry 's head . he jump out from under it . " good thinking , " say Luna very seriously . " it be often infest with nargles . " Harry be save the necessity of ask what nargles be by the arrival of Angelina , Katie , and Alicia . all three of them be breathless and look very cold . " well , " say Angelina dully , pull off her cloak and throw it into a corner , " we have replace you . " " replace me ? " say Harry blankly . " you and Fred and George , " she say impatiently . " we have get another Seeker ! " " who ? " say Harry quickly . " Ginny Weasley , " say Katie . Harry gape at her . " yeah , I know , " say Angelina , pull out her wand and flex her arm . " but she be pretty good , actually . nothing on you , of course , " she say , throw him a very dirty look , " but as we ca n't have you ... " Harry bit back the retort he be long to utter : do she imagine for a second that he do not regret his expulsion from the team a hundred time more than she do ? " and what about the Beaters ? " he ask , try to keep his voice even . " Andrew Kirke , " say Alicia without enthusiasm , " and Jack sloper . neither of them be brilliant , but compare with the rest of the idiot who turn up ... " the arrival of Ron , Hermione , and Neville bring this depressing discussion to an end and within five minute , the room be full enough to prevent him see Angelina 's burning , reproachful look . " okay , " he say , call them all to order . " I think this evening we should just go over the thing we have do so far , because it be the last meeting before the holiday and there be no point start anything new right before a three-week break -- " " we be not do anything new ? " say Zacharias Smith , in a disgruntled whisper loud enough to carry through the room . " if I have know that , I would n't have come . ... " " we be all really sorry Harry do n't tell you , then , " say Fred loudly . several people snigger . Harry see Cho laugh and feel the familiar swoop sensation in his stomach , as though he have miss a step go downstairs . " we can practice in pair , " say Harry . " we will start with the Impediment Jinx , just for ten minute , then we can get out the cushion and try Stunning again . " they all divide up obediently ; Harry partner Neville as usual . the room be soon full of intermittent cry of " Impedimenta ! " people freeze for a minute or so , during which their partner would stare aimlessly around the room watch other pair at work , then would unfreeze and take their turn at the jinx . Neville have improve beyond all recognition . after a while , when Harry have unfreeze three time in a row , he have Neville join Ron and Hermione again so that he could walk around the room and watch the other . when he pass Cho she beam at him ; he resist the temptation to walk past her several more time . after ten minute on the Impediment Jinx , they lay out cushion all over the floor and start practice Stunning again . space be really too confine to allow them all to work this spell at once ; half the group observe the other for a while , then swap over . Harry feel himself positively swell with pride as he watch them all . true , Neville do Stun Padma Patil rather than Dean , at whom he have be aim , but it be a much closer miss than usual , and everybody else have make enormous progress . at the end of an hour , Harry call a halt . " you be get really good , " he say , beam around at them . " when we get back from the holiday we can start do some of the big stuff -- maybe even Patronuses . " there be a murmur of excitement . the room begin to clear in the usual two and three ; most people wish Harry a Happy Christmas as they go . feel cheerful , he collect up the cushion with Ron and Hermione and stack them neatly away . Ron and Hermione leave before he do ; he hang back a little , because Cho be still there and he be hope to receive a Merry Christmas from her . " no , you go on , " he hear her say to her friend Marietta , and his heart give a jolt that seem to take it into the region of his Adam 's apple . he pretend to be straighten the cushion pile . he be quite sure they be alone now and wait for her to speak . instead , he hear a hearty sniff . he turn and see Cho standing in the middle of the room , tear pour down her face . " Wha -- ? " he do n't know what to do . she be simply stand there , cry silently . " what be up ? " he say feebly . she shake her head and wipe her eye on her sleeve . " I be -- sorry , " she say thickly . " I suppose ... it be just ... learn all this stuff . ... it just make me ... wonder whether ... if he have know it all ... he will still be alive . ... " Harry 's heart sink right back past its usual spot and settle somewhere around his navel . he ought to have know . she want to talk about Cedric . " he do know this stuff , " Harry say heavily . " he be really good at it , or he could never have get to the middle of that maze . but if Voldemort really want to kill you , you do n't stand a chance . " she hiccup at the sound of Voldemort 's name , but stare at Harry without flinch . " you survive when you be just a baby , " she say quietly . " yeah , well , " say Harry wearily , move toward the door , " I dunno why , nor do anyone else , so it be nothing to be proud of . " " oh do n't go ! " say Cho , sound tearful again . " I be really sorry to get all upset like this . ... I do n't mean to . ... " she hiccup again . she be very pretty even when her eye be red and puffy . Harry feel thoroughly miserable . he will have be so please just with a Merry Christmas . ... " I know it must be horrible for you , " she say , mop her eye on her sleeve again . " me mention Cedric , when you see him die . ... I suppose you just want to forget about it . ... " Harry do not say anything to this ; it be quite true , but he feel heartless say it . " you be a r-really good teacher , you know , " say Cho , with a watery smile . " I have never be able to Stun anything before . " " thanks , " say Harry awkwardly . they look at each other for a long moment . Harry feel a burning desire to run from the room and , at the same time , a complete inability to move his foot . " mistletoe , " say Cho quietly , point at the ceiling over his head . " yeah , " say Harry . his mouth be very dry . " it be probably full of nargles , though . " " what be nargles ? " " no idea , " say Harry . she have move closer . his brain seem to have be stun . " you will have to ask Loony . Luna , I mean . " Cho make a funny noise halfway between a sob and a laugh . she be even near him now . he could have count the freckle on her nose . " I really like you , Harry . " he could not think . a tingle sensation be spread throughout him , paralyze his arm , leg , and brain . she be much too close . he could see every tear cling to her eyelash . ... he return to the common room half an hour later to find Hermione and Ron in the good seat by the fire ; nearly everybody else have go to bed . Hermione be write a very long letter ; she have already fill half a roll of parchment , which be dangle from the edge of the table . Ron be lie on the hearthrug , try to finish his transfiguration homework . " what keep you ? " he ask , as Harry sink into the armchair next to Hermione 's . Harry do not answer . he be in a state of shock . half of him want to tell Ron and Hermione what have just happen , but the other half want to take the secret with him to the grave . " be you all right , Harry ? " Hermione ask , peer at him over the tip of her quill . Harry give a halfhearted shrug . in truth , he do n't know whether he be all right or not . " what be up ? " say Ron , hoist himself up on his elbow to get a clear view of Harry . " what be happen ? " Harry do n't quite know how to set about tell them , and still be n't sure whether he want to . just as he have decide not to say anything , Hermione take matter out of his hand . " be it Cho ? " she ask in a businesslike way . " do she corner you after the meeting ? " numbly surprise , Harry nod . Ron snigger , break off when Hermione catch his eye . " so -- er -- what do she want ? " he ask in a mock casual voice . " she -- " Harry begin , rather hoarsely ; he clear his throat and try again . " she -- er -- " " do you kiss ? " ask Hermione briskly . Ron sit up so fast that he send his ink bottle fly all over the rug . disregard this completely he stare avidly at Harry . " well ? " he demand . Harry look from Ron 's expression of mingle curiosity and hilarity to Hermione 's slight frown , and nod . " ha ! " Ron make a triumphant gesture with his fist and go into a raucous peal of laughter that make several timid-looking second year over beside the window jump . a reluctant grin spread over Harry 's face as he watch Ron roll around on the hearthrug . Hermione give Ron a look of deep disgust and return to her letter . " well ? " Ron say finally , look up at Harry . " how be it ? " Harry consider for a moment . " wet , " he say truthfully . Ron make a noise that might have indicate jubilation or disgust , it be hard to tell . " because she be cry , " Harry continue heavily . " oh , " say Ron , his smile fade slightly . " be you that bad at kissing ? " " dunno , " say Harry , who have n't consider this , and immediately feel rather worry . " maybe I be . " " of course you be not , " say Hermione absently , still scribble away at her letter . " how do you know ? " say Ron in a sharp voice . " because Cho spend half her time cry these day , " say Hermione vaguely . " she do it at mealtime , in the loo , all over the place . " " you will think a bit of kissing would cheer her up , " say Ron , grin . " Ron , " say Hermione in a dignified voice , dip the point of her quill into her ink pot , " you be the most insensitive wart I have ever have the misfortune to meet . " " what be that suppose to mean ? " say Ron indignantly . " what sort of person cry while someone be kiss them ? " " yeah , " say Harry , slightly desperately , " who do ? " Hermione look at the pair of them with an almost pity expression on her face . " do n't you understand how Cho 's feeling at the moment ? " she ask . " no , " say Harry and Ron together . Hermione sigh and lay down her quill . " well , obviously , she be feel very sad , because of Cedric die . then I expect she be feel confused because she like Cedric and now she like Harry , and she ca n't work out who she like good . then she will be feel guilty , think it be an insult to Cedric 's memory to be kiss Harry at all , and she will be worry about what everyone else might say about her if she start go out with Harry . and she probably ca n't work out what her feeling toward Harry be anyway , because he be the one who be with Cedric when Cedric die , so that be all very mix up and painful . oh , and she be afraid she be go to be throw off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team because she have be fly so badly . " a slightly stun silence greet the end of this speech , then Ron say , " one person ca n't feel all that at once , they will explode . " " just because you have get the emotional range of a teaspoon do n't mean we all have , " say Hermione nastily , pick up her quill again . " she be the one who start it , " say Harry . " I would n't have -- she just sort of come at me -- and next thing she be cry all over me -- I do n't know what to do -- " " do n't blame you , mate , " say Ron , look alarmed at the very think . " you just have to be nice to her , " say Hermione , look up anxiously . " you be , be n't you ? " " well , " say Harry , an unpleasant heat creep up his face , " I sort of -- pat her on the back a bit . " Hermione look as though she be restrain herself from roll her eye with extreme difficulty . " well , I suppose it could have be bad , " she say . " be you go to see her again ? " " I will have to , wo n't I ? " say Harry . " we have get D.A. meeting , have n't we ? " " you know what I mean , " say Hermione impatiently . Harry say nothing . Hermione 's word open up a whole new vista of frightening possibility . he try to imagine go somewhere with Cho -- Hogsmeade , perhaps -- and be alone with her for hour at a time . of course , she would have be expect him to ask her out after what have just happen . ... the thought make his stomach clench painfully . " oh well , " say Hermione distantly , bury in her letter once more , " you will have plenty of opportunity to ask her . ... " " what if he do n't want to ask her ? " say Ron , who have be watch Harry with an unusually shrewd expression on his face . " do n't be silly , " say Hermione vaguely , " Harry 's like her for age , have n't you , Harry ? " he do not answer . yes , he have like Cho for age , but whenever he have imagine a scene involve the two of them it have always feature a Cho who be enjoy herself , as oppose to a Cho who be sob uncontrollably into his shoulder . " who be you write the novel to anyway ? " Ron ask Hermione , try to read the bit of parchment now trail on the floor . Hermione hitch it up out of sight . " Viktor . " " Krum ? " " how many other Viktors do we know ? " Ron say nothing , but look disgruntled . they sit in silence for another twenty minute , Ron finish his transfiguration essay with many snort of impatience and crossings-out , Hermione write steadily to the very end of the parchment , roll it up carefully and seal it , and Harry stare into the fire , wish more than anything that Sirius 's head would appear there and give him some advice about girl . but the fire merely crackle low and low , until the red-hot ember crumble into ash and , look around , Harry see that they be , yet again , the last in the common room . " well , ' night , " say Hermione , yawn widely , and she set off up the girl ' staircase . " what do she see in Krum ? " Ron demand as he and Harry climb the boy ' stair . " well , " say Harry , consider the matter , " I s'pose he be old , be n't he ... and he be an international Quidditch player . ... " " Yeah , but apart from that , " say Ron , sound aggravate . " I mean he be a grouchy git , be n't he ? " " bit grouchy , yeah , " say Harry , whose thought be still on Cho . they pull off their robe and put on pajamas in silence ; Dean , Seamus , and Neville be already asleep . Harry put his glass on his bedside table and get into bed but do not pull the hanging close around his four-poster ; instead he stare at the patch of starry sky visible through the window next to Neville 's bed . if he have know , this time last night , that in twenty-four hour ' time he would have kiss Cho Chang ... " ' Night , " grunt Ron , from somewhere to his right . " ' Night , " say Harry . maybe next time ... if there be a next time ... she will be a bit happy . he ought to have ask her out ; she have probably be expect it and be now really angry with him ... or be she lie in bed , still cry about Cedric ? he do not know what to think . Hermione 's explanation have make it all seem more complicate rather than easy to understand . that be what they should teach us here , he think , turn over onto his side , how girl ' brain work ... it will be more useful than divination anyway . ... Neville snuffle in his sleep . an owl hoot somewhere out in the night . Harry dream he be back in the D.A. room . Cho be accuse him of lure her there under false pretense ; she say that he have promise her a hundred and fifty chocolate Frog card if she show up . Harry protest . ... Cho shout , " Cedric give me load of Chocolate Frog card , look ! " and she pull out fistful of card from inside her robe and throw them into the air , and then turn into Hermione , who say , " you do promise her , you know , Harry . ... I think you will well give her something else instead . ... how about your Firebolt ? " and Harry be protest that he could not give Cho his Firebolt because Umbridge have it , and anyway the whole thing be ridiculous , he will only come to the D.A. room to put up some Christmas bauble shape like Dobby 's head . ... the dream change . ... his body feel smooth , powerful , and flexible . he be glide between shine metal bar , across dark , cold stone . ... he be flat against the floor , slide along on his belly . ... it be dark , yet he could see object around him shimmer in strange , vibrant color . ... he be turn his head . ... at first glance , the corridor be empty ... but no ... a man be sit on the floor ahead , his chin droop onto his chest , his outline gleam in the dark . ... Harry put out his tongue . ... he taste the man 's scent on the air . ... he be alive but drowse ... sit in front of a door at the end of the corridor ... Harry long to bite the man ... but he must master the impulse . ... he have more important work to do . ... but the man be stir ... a silvery cloak fall from his leg as he jump to his foot ; and Harry see his vibrant , blur outline towering above him , see a wand withdraw from a belt . ... he have no choice . ... he rear high from the floor and strike once , twice , three time , plunge his fang deeply into the man 's flesh , feel his rib splinter beneath his jaw , feel the warm gush of blood . ... the man be yell in pain ... then he fall silent . ... he slump backward against the wall . ... Blood be splatter onto the floor . ... his forehead hurt terribly . ... it be ache fit to burst . ... " Harry ! harry ! " he open his eye . every inch of his body be cover in icy sweat ; his bedcover be twist all around him like a straitjacket ; he feel as though a white-hot poker be be apply to his forehead . " Harry ! " Ron be stand over him look extremely frightened . there be more figure at the foot of Harry 's bed . he clutch his head in his hand ; the pain be blind him . ... he roll right over and vomit over the edge of the mattress . " he be really ill , " say a scared voice . " should we call someone ? " " Harry ! Harry ! " he have to tell Ron , it be very important that he tell him . ... take great gulp of air , Harry push himself up in bed , will himself not to throw up again , the pain half-blinding him . " your dad , " he pant , his chest heave . " your dad be ... be attack . ... " " what ? " say Ron uncomprehendingly . " your dad ! he have be bite , it be serious , there be blood everywhere . ... " " I be go for help , " say the same scared voice , and Harry hear footstep run out of the dormitory . " Harry , mate , " say Ron uncertainly , " you ... you be just dream . ... " " no ! " say Harry furiously ; it be crucial that Ron understand . " it be n't a dream ... not an ordinary dream . ... I be there , I see it . ... I do it . ... " he could hear Seamus and Dean mutter but do not care . the pain in his forehead be subside slightly , though he be still sweat and shiver feverishly . he retch again and Ron leap backward out of the way . " Harry , you be not well , " he say shakily . " Neville be go for help . ... " " I be fine ! " Harry choke , wipe his mouth on his pajamas and shake uncontrollably . " there be nothing wrong with me , it be your dad you have get to worry about -- we need to find out where he be -- he be bleed like mad -- I be -- it be a huge snake . ... " he try to get out of bed but Ron push him back into it ; Dean and Seamus be still whisper somewhere nearby . whether one minute pass or ten , Harry do not know ; he simply sit there shake , feel the pain recede very slowly from his scar . ... then there be hurried footstep come up the stair , and he hear Neville 's voice again . " over here , Professor ... " Professor McGonagall come hurry into the dormitory in her tartan dress gown , her glass perch lopsidedly on the bridge of her bony nose . " what be it , Potter ? where do it hurt ? " he have never be so please to see her ; it be a member of the order of the Phoenix he need now , not someone fuss over him and prescribe useless potion . " it be Ron 's dad , " he say , sit up again . " he have be attack by a snake and it be serious , I see it happen . " " what do you mean , you see it happen ? " say Professor McGonagall , her dark eyebrow contracting . " I do n't know . ... I be asleep and then I be there . ... " " you mean you dream this ? " " no ! " say Harry angrily . would none of them understand ? " I be have a dream at first about something completely different , something stupid ... and then this interrupted it . it be real , I do n't imagine it , Mr. Weasley be asleep on the floor and he be attack by a gigantic snake , there be a load of blood , he collapse , someone be get to find out where he be . ... " Professor McGonagall be gaze at him through her lopsided spectacle as though horrify at what she be see . " I be not lie , and I be not mad ! " Harry tell her , his voice rise to a shout . " I tell you , I see it happen ! " " I believe you , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall curtly . " put on your dressing-gown -- we be go to see the headmaster . " St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries Harry be so relieve that she be take him seriously that he do not hesitate , but jump out of bed at once , pull on his dress gown , and push his glass back onto his nose . " Weasley , you ought to come too , " say Professor McGonagall . they follow Professor McGonagall past the silent figure of Neville , Dean , and Seamus , out of the dormitory , down the spiral stair into the common room , through the portrait hole , and off along the Fat Lady 's moonlit corridor . Harry feel as though the panic inside him might spill over at any moment ; he want to run , to yell for Dumbledore . Mr. Weasley be bleed as they walk along so sedately , and what if those fang ( Harry try hard not to think " my fang " ) have be poisonous ? they pass Mrs. Norris , who turn her lamplike eye upon them and hiss faintly , but Professor McGonagall say , " Shoo ! " Mrs. Norris slink away into the shadow , and in a few minute they have reach the stone gargoyle guard the entrance to Dumbledore 's office . " fizz Whizbee , " say Professor McGonagall . the gargoyle spring to life and leap aside ; the wall behind it split in two to reveal a stone staircase that be move continuously upward like a spiral escalator . the three of them step onto the move stair ; the wall close behind them with a thud , and they be move upward in tight circle until they reach the highly polished oak door with the brass knocker shape like a griffin . though it be now well past midnight , there be voice come from inside the room , a positive babble of them . it sound as though Dumbledore be entertain at least a dozen people . Professor McGonagall rap three time with the griffin knocker , and the voice cease abruptly as though someone have switch them all off . the door open of its own accord and Professor McGonagall lead Harry and Ron inside . the room be in half darkness ; the strange silver instrument stand on table be silent and still rather than whir and emit puff of smoke as they usually do . the portrait of old headmaster and headmistress cover the wall be all snooze in their frame . behind the door , a magnificent red-and-gold bird the size of a swan doze on its perch with its head under its wing . " oh , it be you , Professor McGonagall ... and ... ah . " Dumbledore be sit in a high-backed chair behind his desk ; he lean forward into the pool of candlelight illuminate the paper lay out before him . he be wear a magnificently embroider purple-and-gold dress gown over a snowy-white nightshirt , but seem wide awake , his penetrating light-blue eye fix intently upon Professor McGonagall . " Professor Dumbledore , Potter have have a ... well , a nightmare , " say Professor McGonagall . " he say ... " " it be n't a nightmare , " say Harry quickly . Professor McGonagall look around at Harry , frown slightly . " very well , then , Potter , you tell the headmaster about it . " " I ... well , I be asleep . ... " say Harry and even in his terror and his desperation to make Dumbledore understand he feel slightly irritated that the headmaster be not look at him , but examine his own interlock finger . " but it be n't an ordinary dream ... it be real . ... I see it happen . ... " he take a deep breath , " Ron 's dad -- Mr. Weasley -- have be attack by a giant snake . " the word seem to reverberate in the air after he have say them , slightly ridiculous , even comic . there be a pause in which Dumbledore lean back and stare meditatively at the ceiling . Ron look from Harry to Dumbledore , white-faced and shocked . " how do you see this ? " Dumbledore ask quietly , still not look at Harry . " well ... I do n't know , " say Harry , rather angrily -- what do it matter ? " inside my head , I suppose -- " " you misunderstand me , " say Dumbledore , still in the same calm tone . " I mean ... can you remember -- er -- where you be position as you watch this attack happen ? be you perhaps stand beside the victim , or else look down on the scene from above ? " this be such a curious question that Harry gape at Dumbledore ; it be almost as though he know ... " I be the snake , " he say . " I see it all from the snake 's point of view . ... " nobody else speak for a moment , then Dumbledore , now look at Ron , who be still whey-faced , say in a new and sharp voice , " I Arthur seriously injure ? " " yes , " say Harry emphatically -- why be they all so slow on the uptake , do they not realize how much a person bleed when fang that long pierce their side ? and why could Dumbledore not do him the courtesy of look at him ? but Dumbledore stand up so quickly that Harry jump , and address one of the old portrait hang very near the ceiling . " Everard ? " he say sharply . " and you too , Dilys ! " a sallow-faced wizard with short , black bang and an elderly witch with long silver ringlet in the frame beside him , both of whom seem to have be in the deep of sleep , open their eye immediately . " you be listen ? " say Dumbledore . the wizard nod , the witch say , " naturally . " " the man have red hair and glass , " say Dumbledore . " Everard , you will need to raise the alarm , make sure he be find by the right people -- " both nod and move sideways out of their frame , but instead of emerge in neighboring picture ( as usually happen at Hogwarts ) , neither reappear ; one frame now contain nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain , the other a handsome leather armchair . Harry notice that many of the other headmaster and mistress on the wall , though snore and drool most convincingly , keep sneak peek at him under their eyelid , and he suddenly understand who have be talk when they have knock . " Everard and Dilys be two of Hogwarts 's most celebrated Heads , " Dumbledore say , now sweeping around Harry , Ron , and Professor McGonagall and approach the magnificent sleeping bird on his perch beside the door . " their renown be such that both have portrait hang in other important Wizarding institution . as they be free to move between their own portrait they can tell us what may be happen elsewhere . ... " " but Mr. Weasley could be anywhere ! " say Harry . " please sit down , all three of you , " say Dumbledore , as though Harry have not speak . " Everard and Dilys may not be back for several minute . ... Professor McGonagall , if you could draw up extra chair ... " Professor McGonagall pull her wand from the pocket of her dress gown and wave it ; three chair appear out of thin air , straight-backed and wooden , quite unlike the comfortable chintz armchair that Dumbledore have conjure back at Harry 's hearing . Harry sit down , watch Dumbledore over his shoulder . Dumbledore be now stroke Fawkes 's plume golden head with one finger . the phoenix awake immediately . he stretch his beautiful head high and observed Dumbledore through bright , dark eye . " we will need , " say Dumbledore very quietly to the bird , " a warning . " there be a flash of fire and the phoenix have go . Dumbledore now swoop down upon one of the fragile silver instrument whose function Harry have never know , carry it over to his desk , sit down face them again , and tap it gently with the tip of his wand . the instrument tinkle into life at once with rhythmic clink noise . tiny puff of pale green smoke issue from the minuscule silver tube at the top . Dumbledore watch the smoke closely , his brow furrow , and after a few second , the tiny puff become a steady stream of smoke that thicken and coil in the air . ... a serpent 's head grow out of the end of it , open its mouth wide . Harry wonder whether the instrument be confirm his story : he look eagerly at Dumbledore for a sign that he be right , but Dumbledore do not look up . " naturally , naturally , " murmur Dumbledore apparently to himself , still observe the stream of smoke without the slight sign of surprise . " but in essence divide ? " Harry could make neither head nor tail of this question . the smoke serpent , however , split itself instantly into two snake , both coil and undulate in the dark air . with a look of grim satisfaction Dumbledore give the instrument another gentle tap with his wand : the clink noise slow and die , and the smoke serpent grow faint , become a formless haze , and vanish . Dumbledore replace the instrument upon its spindly little table ; Harry see many of the old headmaster in the portrait follow him with their eye , then , realize that Harry be watch them , hastily pretend to be sleep again . Harry want to ask what the strange silver instrument be for , but before he could do so , there be a shout from the top of the wall to their right ; the wizard call Everard have reappear in his portrait , pant slightly . " Dumbledore ! " " what news ? " say Dumbledore at once . " I yell until someone come run , " say the wizard , who be mop his brow on the curtain behind him , " say I have hear something move downstairs -- they be n't sure whether to believe me but go down to check -- you know there be no portrait down there to watch from . anyway , they carry him up a few minute later . he do n't look good , he be cover in blood , I run along to Elfrida Cragg 's portrait to get a good view as they leave -- " " good , " say Dumbledore as Ron make a convulsive movement , " I take it Dilys will have see him arrive , then -- " and moment later , the silver-ringletted witch have reappear in her picture too ; she sink , cough , into her armchair and say , " Yes , they have take him to St. Mungo 's , Dumbledore . ... they carry him past under my portrait . ... he look bad . ... " " thank you , " say Dumbledore . he look around at Professor McGonagall . " Minerva , I need you to go and wake the other Weasley child . " " of course . ... " Professor McGonagall get up and move swiftly to the door ; Harry cast a sideways glance at Ron , who be now look terrify . " and Dumbledore -- what about Molly ? " say Professor McGonagall , pause at the door . " that will be a job for Fawkes when he have finish keep a lookout for anybody approach , " say Dumbledore . " but she may already know ... that excellent clock of hers ... " Harry know Dumbledore be refer to the clock that tell , not the time , but the whereabouts and condition of the various Weasley family member , and with a pang he think that Mr. Weasley 's hand must , even now , be point at " mortal peril . " but it be very late . ... Mrs. Weasley be probably asleep , not watch the clock . ... and he feel cold as he remember Mrs. Weasley 's boggart turn into Mr. Weasley 's lifeless body , his glass askew , blood run down his face . ... but Mr. Weasley be n't go to die . ... he could n't . ... Dumbledore be now rummage in a cupboard behind Harry and Ron . he emerge from it carry a blacken old kettle , which he place carefully upon his desk . he raise his wand and murmur " Portus " ; for a moment the kettle tremble , glow with an odd blue light , then it quiver to a rest , as solidly black as ever . Dumbledore march over to another portrait , this time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed beard , who have be paint wear the Slytherin color of green and silver and be apparently sleep so deeply that he could not hear Dumbledore 's voice when he attempt to rouse him . " Phineas . Phineas . " and now the subject of the portrait line the room be no longer pretend to be asleep ; they be shift around in their frame , the well to watch what be happen . when the clever-looking wizard continue to feign sleep , some of them shout his name too . " Phineas ! Phineas ! Phineas ! " he could not pretend any longer ; he give a theatrical jerk and open his eye wide . " do someone call ? " " I need you to visit your other portrait again , Phineas , " say Dumbledore . " I have get another message . " " visit my other portrait ? " say Phineas in a reedy voice , give a long , fake yawn ( his eye travel around the room and focus upon Harry ) . " oh no , Dumbledore , I be too tired tonight . ... " something about Phineas 's voice be familiar to Harry . where have he hear it before ? but before he could think , the portrait on the surround wall break into a storm of protest . " insubordination , sir ! " roar a corpulent , red-nosed wizard , brandish his fist . " dereliction of duty ! " " we be honor-bound to give service to the present Headmaster of Hogwarts ! " cry a frail-looking old wizard whom Harry recognize as Dumbledore 's predecessor , Armando Dippet . " shame on you , Phineas ! " " shall I persuade him , Dumbledore ? " call a gimlet-eyed witch , raise an unusually thick wand that look not unlike a birch rod . " oh , very well , " say the wizard call Phineas , eye this wand slightly apprehensively , " though he may well have destroy my picture by now , he be do most of the family -- " " Sirius know not to destroy your portrait , " say Dumbledore , and Harry realize immediately where he have hear Phineas 's voice before : issue from the apparently empty frame in his bedroom in Grimmauld Place . " you be to give him the message that Arthur Weasley have be gravely injure and that his wife , child , and Harry Potter will be arrive at his house shortly . do you understand ? " " Arthur Weasley , injure , wife and child and Harry Potter come to stay , " recite Phineas in a bored voice . " yes , yes ... very well . ... " he slope away into the frame of the portrait and disappear from view at the very moment that the study door open again . Fred , George , and Ginny be usher inside by Professor McGonagall , all three of them look dishevel and shock , still in their night thing . " Harry -- what be go on ? " ask Ginny , who look frightened . " Professor McGonagall say you see Dad hurt -- " " your father have be injure in the course of his work for the order of the Phoenix , " say Dumbledore before Harry could speak . " he have be take to St. Mungo 's hospital for magical malady and injury . I be send you back to Sirius 's house , which be much more convenient for the hospital than the Burrow . you will meet your mother there . " " how be we go ? " ask Fred , look shake . " Floo powder ? " " no , " say Dumbledore , " Floo powder be not safe at the moment , the Network be be watch . you will be take a Portkey . " he indicate the old kettle lie innocently on his desk . " we be just wait for Phineas Nigellus to report back . ... I wish to be sure that the coast be clear before send you -- " there be a flash of flame in the very middle of the office , leave behind a single golden feather that float gently to the floor . " it be Fawkes 's warning , " say Dumbledore , catch the feather as it fall . " she must know you be out of your bed . ... Minerva , go and head her off -- tell her any story -- " Professor McGonagall be go in a swish of tartan . " he say he will be delight , " say a bored voice behind Dumbledore ; the wizard call Phineas have reappear in front of his Slytherin banner . " my great-great-grandson have always have odd taste in houseguests . ... " " come here , then , " Dumbledore say to Harry and the Weasleys . " and quickly , before anyone else join us ... " Harry and the other gather around Dumbledore 's desk . " you have all use a Portkey before ? " ask Dumbledore , and they nod , each reach out to touch some part of the blacken kettle . " good . on the count of three then ... one ... two ... " it happen in a fraction of a second : in the infinitesimal pause before Dumbledore say " three , " Harry look up at him -- they be very close together -- and Dumbledore 's clear blue gaze move from the Portkey to Harry 's face . at once , Harry 's scar burn white-hot , as though the old wound have burst open again -- and unbidden , unwanted , but terrifyingly strong , there rise within Harry a hatred so powerful he feel , for that instant , that he would like nothing good than to strike -- to bite -- to sink his fang into the man before him - " ... three . " he feel a powerful jerk behind his navel , the ground vanish from beneath his foot , his hand be glue to the kettle ; he be bang into the other as all speed forward in a swirl of color and a rush of wind , the kettle pull them onward and then - his foot hit the ground so hard that his knee buckle , the kettle clatter to the ground and somewhere close at hand a voice say , " back again , the blood traitor brat , be it true their father be die ... ? " " out ! " roar a second voice . Harry scramble to his foot and look around ; they have arrive in the gloomy basement kitchen of number twelve , Grimmauld Place . the only source of light be the fire and one guttering candle , which illuminate the remain of a solitary supper . Kreacher be disappear through the door to the hall , look back at them malevolently as he hitch up his loincloth ; Sirius be hurry toward them all , look anxious . he be unshaven and still in his day clothes ; there be also a slightly Mundungus-like whiff of stale drink about him . " what be go on ? " he say , stretch out a hand to help Ginny up . " Phineas Nigellus say Arthur have be badly injure -- " " Ask Harry , " say Fred . " yeah , I want to hear this for myself , " say George . the twin and Ginny be stare at him . Kreacher 's footstep have stop on the stair outside . " it be -- " Harry begin ; this be even bad than tell McGonagall and Dumbledore . " I have a -- a kind of -- vision . ... " and he tell them all that he have see , though he alter the story so that it sound as though he have watch from the sideline as the snake attack , rather than from behind the snake 's own eye . ... Ron , who be still very white , give him a fleeting look , but do not speak . when Harry have finish , Fred , George , and Ginny continue to stare at him for a moment . Harry do not know whether he be imagine it or not , but he fancy there be something accusatory in their look . well , if they be go to blame him for just see the attack , he be glad he have not tell them that he have be inside the snake at the time . ... " I Mum here ? " say Fred , turn to Sirius . " she probably do n't even know what be happen yet , " say Sirius . " the important thing be to get you away before Umbridge could interfere . I expect Dumbledore 's let Molly know now . " " we have get to go to St. Mungo 's , " say Ginny urgently . she look around at her brother ; they be of course still in their pajamas . " Sirius , can you lend us cloak or anything -- ? " " hang on , you ca n't go tear off to St. Mungo 's ! " say Sirius . " ' Course we can go to St. Mungo 's if we want , " say Fred , with a mulish expression , " he be our dad ! " " and how be you go to explain how you know Arthur be attack before the hospital even let his wife know ? " " what do that matter ? " say George hotly . " it matter because we do n't want to draw attention to the fact that Harry be have vision of thing that be happen hundred of mile away ! " say Sirius angrily . " have you any idea what the Ministry would make of that information ? " Fred and George look as though they could not care less what the Ministry make of anything . Ron be still white-faced and silent . Ginny say , " Somebody else could have tell us . ... we could have hear it somewhere other than Harry . ... " " like who ? " say Sirius impatiently . " listen , your dad have be hurt while on duty for the Order and the circumstance be fishy enough without his child know about it second after it happen , you could seriously damage the order 's -- " " we do n't care about the dumb order ! " shout Fred . " it be our dad die we be talk about ! " yell George . " your father know what he be get into , and he wo n't thank you for mess thing up for the order ! " say Sirius angrily in his turn . " this be how it be -- this be why you be not in the order -- you do n't understand -- there be thing worth die for ! " " easy for you to say , stick here ! " bellow Fred . " I do n't see you risk your neck ! " the little color remain in Sirius 's face drain from it . he look for a moment as though he would quite like to hit Fred , but when he speak , it be in a voice of determine calm . " I know it be hard , but we have all get to act as though we do n't know anything yet . we have get to stay put , at least until we hear from your mother , all right ? " Fred and George still look mutinous . Ginny , however , take a few step over to the near chair and sink into it . Harry look at Ron , who make a funny movement somewhere between a nod and shrug , and they sit down too . the twin glare at Sirius for another minute , then take seat on either side of Ginny . " that be right , " say Sirius encouragingly , " come on , let be all ... let 's all have a drink while we be wait . Accio Butterbeer ! " he raise his wand as he speak and half a dozen bottle come fly toward them out of the pantry , skid along the table , scatter the debris of Sirius 's meal , and stop neatly in front of the six of them . they all drink , and for a while the only sound be those of the crackling of the kitchen fire and the soft thud of their bottle on the table . Harry be only drink to have something to do with his hand . his stomach be full of horrible hot , bubble guilt . they would not be here if it be not for him ; they would all still be asleep in bed . and it be no good tell himself that by raise the alarm he have ensure that Mr. Weasley be find , because there be also the inescapable business of it being he who have attack Mr. Weasley in the first place . ... do n't be stupid , you have n't get fang , he tell himself , try to keep calm , though the hand on his butterbeer bottle be shake . you be lie in bed , you be n't attack anyone . ... but then , what just happen in Dumbledore 's office ? he ask himself . I feel like I want to attack Dumbledore too . ... he put the bottle down on the table a little hard than he mean to , so that it slop over onto the table . no one take any notice . then a burst of fire in midair illuminate the dirty plate in front of them and as they give cry of shock , a scroll of parchment fall with a thud onto the table , accompany by a single golden phoenix tail feather . " Fawkes ! " say Sirius at once , snatch up the parchment . " that be not Dumbledore 's writing -- it must be a message from your mother -- here -- " he thrust the letter into George 's hand , who rip it open and read aloud , " Dad be still alive . I be set out for St. Mungo be now . stay where you be . I will send news as soon as I can . mum . " George look around the table . " still alive ... " he say slowly . " but that make it sound ... " he do not need to finish the sentence . it sound to Harry too as though Mr. Weasley be hover somewhere between life and death . still exceptionally pale , Ron stare at the back of his mother 's letter as though it might speak word of comfort to him . Fred pull the parchment out of George 's hand and read it for himself , then look up at Harry , who feel his hand shake on his butterbeer bottle again and clench it more tightly to stop the tremble . if Harry have ever sit through a long night than this one he could not remember it . Sirius suggest once that they all go to bed , but without any real conviction , and the Weasleys ' look of disgust be answer enough . they mostly sit in silence around the table , watch the candle wick sink low and low into liquid wax , now and then raise bottle to their lip , speak only to check the time , to wonder aloud what be happen , and to reassure one another that if there be bad news , they would know straightaway , for Mrs. Weasley must long since have arrive at St. Mungo 's . Fred fall into a doze , his head sag sideways onto his shoulder . Ginny be curl like a cat on her chair , but her eye be open ; Harry could see them reflect the firelight . Ron be sit with his head in his hand , whether awake or asleep it be impossible to tell . and he and Sirius look at each other every so often , intruder upon the family grief , wait ... wait ... and then , at ten past five in the morning by Ron 's watch , the kitchen door swing open and Mrs. Weasley enter the kitchen . she be extremely pale , but when they all turn to look at her , Fred , Ron , and Harry half-rising from their chair , she give a wan smile . " he be go to be all right , " she say , her voice weak with tiredness . " he be sleep . we can all go and see him later . bill be sit with him now , he be go to take the morning off work . " Fred fall back into his chair with his hand over his face . George and Ginny get up , walk swiftly over to their mother , and hug her . Ron give a very shaky laugh and down the rest of his butterbeer in one . " breakfast ! " say Sirius loudly and joyfully , jump to his foot . " where be that accursed house-elf ? Kreacher ! KREACHER ! " but Kreacher do not answer the summons . " oh , forget it , then , " mutter Sirius , count the people in front of him . " so it be breakfast for -- let be see -- seven ... Bacon and egg , I think , and some tea , and toast -- " Harry hurry over to the stove to help . he do not want to intrude upon the Weasleys ' happiness , and he dread the moment when Mrs. Weasley would ask him to recount his vision . however , he have barely take plate from the dresser when Mrs. Weasley lift them out of his hand and pull him into a hug . " I do n't know what would have happen if it have n't be for you , Harry , " she say in a muffle voice . " they might not have find Arthur for hour , and then it would have be too late , but thanks to you he be alive and Dumbledore have be able to think up a good cover story for Arthur be where he be , you have no idea what trouble he would have be in otherwise , look at poor Sturgis . ... " Harry could hardly stand her gratitude , but fortunately she soon release him to turn to Sirius and thank him for look after her child through the night . Sirius say that he be very please to have be able to help , and hope they would all stay with him as long as Mr. Weasley be in hospital . " oh , Sirius , I be so grateful . ... they think he will be there a little while and it would be wonderful to be near ... of course , that might mean we be here for Christmas . ... " " the more the merry ! " say Sirius with such obvious sincerity that Mrs. Weasley beam at him , throw on an apron , and begin to help with breakfast . " Sirius , " Harry mutter , unable to stand it a moment longer . " can I have a quick word ? er -- now ? " he walk into the dark pantry and Sirius follow . without preamble Harry tell his godfather every detail of the vision he have have , include the fact that he himself have be the snake who have attack Mr. Weasley . when he pause for breath , Sirius say , " do you tell Dumbledore this ? " " yes , " say Harry impatiently , " but he do n't tell me what it mean . well , he do n't tell me anything anymore . ... " " I be sure he would have tell you if it be anything to worry about , " say Sirius steadily . " but that be not all , " say Harry in a voice only a little above a whisper . " Sirius , I ... I think I be go mad . ... back in Dumbledore 's office , just before we take the Portkey ... for a couple of second there I think I be a snake , I feel like one -- my scar really hurt when I be look at Dumbledore -- Sirius , I want to attack him -- " he could only see a sliver of Sirius 's face ; the rest be in darkness . " it must have be the aftermath of the vision , that be all , " say Sirius . " you be still think of the dream or whatever it be and -- " " it be n't that , " say Harry , shake his head . " it be like something rise up inside me , like there be a snake inside me -- " " you need to sleep , " say Sirius firmly . " you be go to have breakfast and then go upstairs to bed , and then you can go and see Arthur after lunch with the other . you be in shock , Harry ; you be blame yourself for something you only witness , and it be lucky you do witness it or Arthur might have die . just stop worry . ... " he clap Harry on the shoulder and leave the pantry , leave Harry stand alone in the dark . everyone but Harry spend the rest of the morning sleeping . he go up to the bedroom he have share with Ron over the summer , but while Ron crawl into bed and be asleep within minute , Harry sit fully clothe , hunch against the cold metal bar of the bedstead , keep himself deliberately uncomfortable , determine not to fall into a doze , terrify that he might become the serpent again in his sleep and awake to find that he have attack Ron , or else slither through the house after one of the other . ... when Ron wake up , Harry pretend to have enjoy a refresh nap too . their trunk arrive from Hogwarts while they be eat lunch , so that they could dress as Muggles for the trip to St. Mungo 's . everybody except Harry be riotously happy and talkative as they change out of their robe into jean and sweatshirt , and they greet Tonks and Mad-Eye , who have turn up to escort them across London , gleefully laugh at the bowler hat Mad-Eye be wear at an angle to conceal his magical eye and assure him , truthfully , that Tonks , whose hair be short and bright pink again , would attract far less attention on the underground . tonk be very interested in Harry 's vision of the attack on Mr. Weasley , something he be not remotely interested in discuss . " there be n't any Seer blood in your family , be there ? " she inquire curiously , as they sit side by side on a train rattle toward the heart of the city . " no , " say Harry , think of Professor Trelawney and feel insult . " no , " say Tonks musingly , " no , I suppose it be not really prophecy you be do , be it ? I mean , you be not see the future , you be see the present . ... it be odd , be n't it ? useful , though ... " Harry do not answer ; fortunately they get out at the next stop , a station in the very heart of London , and in the bustle of leave the train he be able to allow Fred and George to get between himself and Tonks , who be lead the way . they all follow her up the escalator , moody clunk along at the back of the group , his bowler tilted low and one gnarled hand stick in between the button of his coat , clutch his wand . Harry think he sense the conceal eye stare hard at him ; try to deflect more question about his dream he ask Mad-Eye where St. Mungo 's be hide . " not far from here , " grunt Moody as they step out into the wintry air on a broad store-lined street pack with Christmas shopper . he push Harry a little ahead of him and stump along just behind ; Harry know the eye be roll in all direction under the tilted hat . " be n't easy to find a good location for a hospital . nowhere in Diagon Alley be big enough and we could n't have it underground like the Ministry -- unhealthy . in the end they manage to get hold of a building up here . theory be sick wizard could come and go and just blend in with the crowd . ... " he seize Harry 's shoulder to prevent them be separate by a gaggle of shopper plainly intent on nothing but make it into a nearby shop full of electrical gadget . " here we go , " say Moody a moment later . they have arrive outside a large , old-fashioned , red brick department store call purge and Dowse Ltd. the place have a shabby , miserable air ; the window display consist of a few chip dummy with their wig askew , stand at random and model fashion at least ten year out of date . large sign on all the dusty door read Closed for REFURBISHMENT . Harry distinctly hear a large woman lade with plastic shopping bag say to her friend as they pass , " it be never open , that place . ... " " right , " say Tonks , beckon them forward to a window display nothing but a particularly ugly female dummy whose false eyelash be hang off and who be model a green nylon pinafore dress . " everybody ready ? " they nod , cluster around her ; Moody give Harry another shove between the shoulder blade to urge him forward and Tonks lean close to the glass , look up at the very ugly dummy and say , her breath steam up the glass , " Wotcher ... we be here to see Arthur Weasley . " for a split second , Harry think how absurd it be for Tonks to expect the dummy to hear her talk that quietly through a sheet of glass , when there be bus rumble along behind her and all the racket of a street full of shopper . then he remind himself that dummy could not hear anyway . next second his mouth open in shock as the dummy give a tiny nod , beckon its jointed finger , and Tonks have seize Ginny and Mrs. Weasley by the elbow , step right through the glass and vanish . Fred , George , and Ron step after them ; Harry glance around at the jostle crowd ; not one of them seem to have a glance to spare for window display as ugly as Purge and Dowse Ltd. 's , nor do any of them seem to have notice that six people have just melt into thin air in front of them . " C'mon , " growl Moody , give Harry yet another poke in the back and together they step forward through what feel like a sheet of cool water , emerge quite warm and dry on the other side . there be no sign of the ugly dummy or the space where she have stand . they have arrive in what seem to be a crowded reception area where row of witch and wizard sit upon rickety wooden chair , some look perfectly normal and peruse out-of-date copy of Witch Weekly , other sport gruesome disfigurement such as elephant trunk or extra hand stick out of their chest . the room be scarcely less quiet than the street outside , for many of the patient be make very peculiar noise . a sweaty-faced witch in the center of the front row , who be fan herself vigorously with a copy of the Daily Prophet , keep let off a high-pitched whistle as steam come pour out of her mouth , and a grubby-looking warlock in the corner clang like a bell every time he move , and with each clang his head vibrate horribly , so that he have to seize himself by the ear and hold it steady . witch and wizard in lime-green robe be walk up and down the row , ask question and make note on clipboard like Umbridge 's . Harry notice the emblem embroider on their chest : a wand and bone , cross . " be they doctor ? " he ask Ron quietly . " doctor ? " say Ron , look startle . " those Muggle nutter that cut people up ? Nah , they be Healers . " " over here ! " call Mrs. Weasley over the renewed clanging of the warlock in the corner , and they follow her to the queue in front of a plump blonde witch seat at a desk mark inquiry . the wall behind her be cover in notice and poster say thing like a Clean CAULDRON KEEPS POTIONS From BECOMING POISONS and ANTIDOTES be ANTI-DON'TS UNLESS APPROVED By A QUALIFIED HEALER . there be also a large portrait of a witch with long silver ringlet that be label Dilys be eye the Weasley party as though count them ; when Harry catch her eye she give a tiny wink , walk sideways out of her portrait , and vanish . meanwhile , at the front of the queue , a young wizard be perform an odd on-the-spot jig and try , in between yelp of pain , to explain his predicament to the witch behind the desk . " it be these -- ouch -- shoe my brother give me -- ow -- they be eat my -- Ouch -- foot -- look at them , there must be some kind of -- AARGH -- jinx on them and I ca n't -- AAAAARGH -- get them off -- " he hop from one foot to the other as though dance on hot coal . " the shoe do n't prevent you read , do they ? " say the blonde witch irritably , point at a large sign to the left of her desk . " you want Spell damage , fourth floor . just like it say on the floor guide . next ! " the wizard hobble and prance sideways out of the way , the Weasley party move forward a few step and Harry read the floor guide : artifact accident . ... . ... ... . Ground Floor ( Cauldron explosion , wand backfire , broom crash , etc. ) CREATURE-INDUCED injury . ... ... First Floor ( Bites , sting , burn , embed spine , etc. ) MAGICAL Bugs . ... . ... . ... . ... . . second floor ( contagious malady , e.g. , dragon pox , vanish sickness , scrofungulus ) POTION and Plant POISONING . ... .Third Floor ( Rashes , regurgitation , uncontrollable giggle , etc. ) Spell DAMAGE . ... . ... . ... . ... . . fourth floor ( Unliftable jinx , hex , and incorrectly apply charm , etc. ) VISITORS ' TEAROOM and Hospital SHOP . ... .Fifth floor if you be unsure where to go , incapable of normal speech , or unable to remember why you be here , our Welcome Witch will be please to help . a very old , stoop wizard with a hearing trumpet have shuffle to the front of the queue now . " I be here to see Broderick Bode ! " he wheeze . " Ward forty-nine , but I be afraid you be waste your time , " say the witch dismissively " he be completely addle , you know , still think he be a teapot . ... next ! " a harassed-looking wizard be hold his small daughter tightly by the ankle while she flap around his head use the immensely large , feathery wing that have sprout right out the back of her romper suit . " fourth floor , " say the witch in a bored voice , without ask , and the man disappear through the double door beside the desk , hold his daughter like an oddly shape balloon . " next ! " Mrs. Weasley move forward to the desk . " hello , " she say . " my husband , Arthur Weasley , be suppose to be move to a different ward this morning , could you tell us -- ? " " Arthur Weasley ? " say the witch , run her finger down a long list in front of her . " yes , first floor , second door on the right , Dai Llewellyn ward . " " thank you , " say Mrs. Weasley . " come on , you lot . " they follow through the double door and along the narrow corridor beyond , which be line with more portrait of famous Healers and light by crystal bubble full of candle that float up on the ceiling , look like giant soapsud . more witch and wizard in lime-green robe walk in and out of the door they pass ; a foul-smell yellow gas waft into the passageway as they pass one door , and every now and then they hear distant wail . they climb a flight of stair and enter the " Creature-Induced injury " corridor , where the second door on the right bear the word " DANGEROUS " Dai Llewellyn Ward : serious bite . underneath this be a card in a brass holder on which have be handwritten Healer-in-Charge : Hippocrates Smethwyck , Trainee Healer : Augustus Pye . " we will wait outside , Molly , " Tonks say . " Arthur wo n't want too many visitor at once . ... it ought to be just the family first . " Mad-Eye growl his approval of this idea and set himself with his back against the corridor wall , his magical eye spin in all direction . Harry draw back too , but Mrs. Weasley reach out a hand and push him through the door , say , " do n't be silly , Harry , Arthur want to thank you . ... " the ward be small and rather dingy as the only window be narrow and set high in the wall face the door . most of the light come from more shine crystal bubble cluster in the middle of the ceiling . the wall be of panel oak and there be a portrait of a rather vicious-looking wizard on the wall , caption Urquhart RACKHARROW , 16121697 , inventor of the ENTRAIL-EXPELLING CURSE . there be only three patient . Mr. Weasley be occupy the bed at the far end of the ward beside the tiny window . Harry be please and relieve to see that he be prop up on several pillow and read the Daily Prophet by the solitary ray of sunlight fall onto his bed . he look around as they walk toward him and , see whom it be , beam . " hello ! " he call , throw the Prophet aside . " Bill just leave , Molly , have to get back to work , but he say he will drop in on you later . ... " " how be you , Arthur ? " ask Mrs. Weasley , bend down to kiss his cheek and look anxiously into his face . " you be still look a bit peaky . ... " " I feel absolutely fine , " say Mr. Weasley brightly , hold out his good arm to give Ginny a hug . " if they could only take the bandage off , I will be fit to go home . " " why ca n't they take them off , Dad ? " ask Fred . " well , I start bleed like mad every time they try , " say Mr. Weasley cheerfully , reach across for his wand , which lie on his bedside cabinet , and wave it so that six extra chair appear at his bedside to seat them all . " it seem there be some rather unusual kind of poison in that snake 's fang that keep wound open . ... they be sure they will find an antidote , though , they say they have have much bad case than mine , and in the meantime I just have to keep take a Blood-Replenishing Potion every hour . but that fellow over there , " he say , drop his voice and nod toward the bed opposite in which a man lie look green and sickly and stare at the ceiling . " bite by a werewolf , poor chap . no cure at all . " " a werewolf ? " whisper Mrs. Weasley , look alarm . " be he safe in a public ward ? should n't he be in a private room ? " " it be two week till full moon , " Mr. Weasley remind her quietly . " they have be talk to him this morning , the Healers , you know , try to persuade him he will be able to lead an almost normal life . I say to him -- do n't mention name , of course -- but I say I know a werewolf personally , very nice man , who find the condition quite easy to manage . ... " " what do he say ? " ask George . " say he will give me another bite if I do n't shut up , " say Mr. Weasley sadly . " and that woman over there , " he indicate the only other occupied bed , which be right beside the door , " wo n't tell the Healers what bite her , which make us all think it must have be something she be handle illegally . whatever it be take a real chunk out of her leg , very nasty smell when they take off the dressings . " " so , you go to tell us what happen , Dad ? " ask Fred , pull his chair closer to the bed . " well , you already know , do n't you ? " say Mr. Weasley , with a significant smile at Harry . " it be very simple -- I have have a very long day , doze off , get sneak up on , and bite . " " be it in the Prophet , you be attack ? " ask Fred , indicate the newspaper Mr. Weasley have cast aside . " no , of course not , " say Mr. Weasley , with a slightly bitter smile , " the Ministry would n't want everyone to know a dirty great serpent get -- " " Arthur ! " say Mrs. Weasley warningly . " - get -- er -- me , " Mr. Weasley say hastily , though Harry be quite sure that be not what he have mean to say . " so where be you when it happen , Dad ? " ask George . " that be my business , " say Mr. Weasley , though with a small smile . he snatch up the Daily Prophet , shake it open again and say , " I be just read about Willy Widdershins 's arrest when you arrive . you know Willy turn out to be behind those regurgitate toilet last summer ? one of his jinx backfire , the toilet explode , and they find him lie unconscious in the wreckage cover from head to foot in -- " " when you say you be ' on duty , ' " Fred interrupt in a low voice , " what be you do ? " " you hear your father , " whisper Mrs. Weasley , " we be not discuss this here ! go on about Willy Widdershins , Arthur -- " " well , do n't ask me how , but he actually get off on the toilet charge , " say Mr. Weasley grimly . " I can only suppose gold changed hand -- " " you be guard it , be n't you ? " say George quietly . " the weapon ? the thing You-Know-Who be after ? " " George , be quiet ! " snap Mrs. Weasley . " anyway , " say Mr. Weasley in a raise voice , " this time Willy have be catch sell biting doorknob to Muggles , and I do n't think he will be able to worm his way out of it because accord to this article , two Muggles have lose finger and be now in St. Mungo 's for emergency bone regrowth and memory modification . just think of it , Muggles in St. Mungo 's ! I wonder which ward they be in ? " and he look eagerly around as though hope to see a signpost . " do n't you say You-Know-Who 's get a snake , Harry ? " ask Fred , look at his father for a reaction . " a massive one ? you see it the night he return , do n't you ? " " that be enough , " say Mrs. Weasley crossly . " Mad-Eye and Tonks be outside , Arthur , they want to come and see you . and you lot can wait outside , " she add to her child and Harry . " you can come and say good-bye afterward . go on . ... " they troop back into the corridor . Mad-Eye and Tonks go in and close the door of the ward behind them . Fred raise his eyebrow . " fine , " he say coolly , rummage in his pocket , " be like that . do n't tell us anything . " " look for these ? " say George , hold out what look like a tangle of flesh-colored string . " you read my mind , " say Fred , grin . " let be see if St. Mungo 's put imperturbable charm on its ward door , shall we ? " he and George disentangle the string and separate five extendable ear from each other . Fred and George hand them around . Harry hesitate to take one . " go on , Harry , take it ! you save Dad 's life , if anyone be get the right to eavesdrop on him it be you . ... " Grinning in spite of himself , Harry take the end of the string and insert it into his ear as the twin have do . " okay , go ! " Fred whisper . the flesh-colored string wriggle like long skinny worm , then snake under the door . for a few second Harry could hear nothing , then he hear Tonks whisper as clearly as though she be stand right beside him . " ... they search the whole area but they could n't find the snake anywhere , it just seem to have vanish after it attack you , Arthur . ... but You-Know-Who ca n't have expect a snake to get in , can he ? " " I reckon he send it as a lookout , " growl Moody , " ' cause he have not have any luck so far , have he ? no , I reckon he be try to get a clear picture of what he be face and if Arthur have n't be there the beast would have have much more time to look around . so Potter say he see it all happen ? " " yes , " say Mrs. Weasley . she sound rather uneasy . " you know , Dumbledore seem almost to have be wait for Harry to see something like this . ... " " Yeah , well , " say Moody , " there be something funny about the Potter kid , we all know that . " " Dumbledore seem worry about Harry when I speak to him this morning , " whisper Mrs. Weasley . " ' Course he be worried , " growl Moody . " the boy 's see thing from inside You-Know-Who 's snake . ... obviously , Potter do n't realize what that mean , but if You-Know-Who be possess him -- " Harry pull the Extendable Ear out of his own , his heart hammer very fast and heat rush up his face . he look around at the other . they be all stare at him , the string still trail from their ear , look suddenly fearful . Christmas on the Closed Ward be this why Dumbledore would no longer meet Harry 's eye ? do he expect to see Voldemort stare out of them , afraid , perhaps , that their vivid green might turn suddenly to scarlet , with catlike slit for pupil ? Harry remember how the snakelike face of Voldemort have once force itself out of the back of Professor Quirrell 's head , and he run his hand over the back of his own , wonder what it would feel like if Voldemort burst out of his skull . ... he feel dirty , contaminated , as though he be carry some deadly germ , unworthy to sit on the underground train back from the hospital with innocent , clean people whose mind and body be free of the taint of Voldemort . ... he have not merely see the snake , he have be the snake , he know it now . ... and then a truly terrible thought occur to him , a memory bob to the surface of his mind , one that make his inside writhe and squirm like serpent . ... " what be he after apart from follower ? " " stuff he can only get by stealth ... like a weapon . something he do n't have last time . " I be the weapon , Harry think , and it be as though poison be pump through his vein , chill him , bring him out in a sweat as he sway with the train through the dark tunnel . I be the one Voldemort be try to use , that be why they have get guard around me everywhere I go , it be not for my protection , it be for other people 's , only it be not work , they ca n't have someone on me all the time at Hogwarts . ... I do attack Mr. Weasley last night , it be me , Voldemort make me do it and he could be inside me , listen to my thought right now . ... " be you all right , Harry , dear ? " whisper Mrs. Weasley , lean across Ginny to speak to him as the train rattle along through its dark tunnel . " you do n't look very well . be you feel sick ? " they be all watch him . he shake his head violently and stare up at an advertisement for home insurance . " Harry , dear , be you sure you be all right ? " say Mrs. Weasley in a worried voice , as they walk around the unkempt patch of grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place . " you look ever so pale . ... be you sure you sleep this morning ? you go upstairs to bed right now , and you can have a couple of hour ' sleep before dinner , all right ? " he nod ; here be a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the other , which be precisely what he want , so when she open the front door he proceed straight past the troll 's leg umbrella stand and up the stair and hurry into his and Ron 's bedroom . here he begin to pace up and down , past the two bed and Phineas Nigellus 's empty portrait , his brain teem and seethe with question and ever more dreadful idea . ... How have he become a snake ? perhaps he be an Animagus . ... no , he could n't be , he would know . ... perhaps Voldemort be an Animagus . ... Yes , think Harry , that would fit , he would turn into a snake of course ... and when he be possess me , then we both transform . ... that still do n't explain how come I get to London and back to my bed in the space of about five minute , though . ... but then Voldemort be about the most powerful wizard in the world , apart from Dumbledore , it be probably no problem at all to him to transport people like that . ... and then , with a terrible stab of panic he think , but this be insane -- if Voldemort be possess me , I be give him a clear view into the headquarters of the order of the Phoenix right now ! he will know who be in the order and where Sirius be ... and I have hear load of stuff I should n't have , everything Sirius tell me the first night I be here . ... there be only one thing for it : he would have to leave Grimmauld Place straightaway . he would spend Christmas at Hogwarts without the other , which would keep them safe over the holiday at least . ... but no , that would n't do , there be still plenty of people at Hogwarts to maim and injure , what if it be Seamus , Dean , or Neville next time ? he stop his pace and stand stare at Phineas Nigellus 's empty frame . a leaden sensation be settle in the pit of his stomach . he have no alternative : he be go to have to return to Privet Drive , cut himself off from other wizard entirely . ... well , if he have to do it , he think , there be no point hang around . try with all his might not to think how the Dursley be go to react when they find him on their doorstep six month earlier than they have expect , he stride over to his trunk , slam the lid shut and lock it , then glance around automatically for Hedwig before remember that she be still at Hogwarts -- well , her cage would be one less thing to carry -- he seize one end of his trunk and have drag it halfway toward the door when a sneaky voice say , " run away , be we ? " he look around . Phineas Nigellus have appear upon the canvas of his portrait and be lean against the frame , watch Harry with an amused expression on his face . " not run away , no , " say Harry shortly , drag his trunk a few more foot across the room . " I think , " say Phineas Nigellus , stroke his pointed beard , " that to belong in Gryffindor House you be suppose to be brave ? it look to me as though you would have be good off in my own house . we Slytherins be brave , yes , but not stupid . for instance , give the choice , we will always choose to save our own neck . " " it be not my own neck I be save , " say Harry tersely , tug the trunk over a patch of particularly uneven , moth-eaten carpet right in front of the door . " oh I see , " say Phineas Nigellus , still stroke his beard . " this be no cowardly flight -- you be be noble . " Harry ignore him . his hand be on the doorknob when Phineas Nigellus say lazily , " I have a message for you from Albus Dumbledore . " Harry spin around . " what be it ? " " stay where you be . " " I have n't move ! " say Harry , his hand still upon the doorknob . " so what be the message ? " " I have just give it to you , dolt , " say Phineas Nigellus smoothly . " Dumbledore say , ' Stay where you be . ' " " why ? " say Harry eagerly , drop the end of his trunk . " why do he want me to stay ? what else do he say ? " " nothing whatsoever , " say Phineas Nigellus , raise a thin black eyebrow as though he find Harry impertinent . Harry 's temper rise to the surface like a snake rearing from long grass . he be exhaust , he be confuse beyond measure , he have experience terror , relief , and then terror again in the last twelve hour , and still Dumbledore do not want to talk to him ! " so that be it , be it ? " he say loudly . " stay there ? that be all anyone could tell me after I get attack by those dementors too ! just stay put while the grown-up sort it out , Harry ! we wo n't bother tell you anything , though , because your tiny little brain might not be able to cope with it ! " " you know , " say Phineas Nigellus , even more loudly than Harry , " this be precisely why I loathe be a teacher ! young people be so infernally convince that they be absolutely right about everything . have it not occur to you , my poor puffed-up popinjay , that there might be an excellent reason why the headmaster of Hogwarts be not confide every tiny detail of his plan to you ? have you never pause , while feel hard-done-by , to note that follow Dumbledore 's order have never yet lead you into harm ? No. no , like all young people , you be quite sure that you alone feel and think , you alone recognize danger , you alone be the only one clever enough to realize what the Dark Lord may be plan . ... " " he be plan something to do with me , then ? " say Harry swiftly . " do I say that ? " say Phineas Nigellus , idly examine his silk glove . " now , if you will excuse me , I have good thing to do than to listen to adolescent agonize . ... good day to you . ... " and he stroll into his frame and out of sight . " fine , go then ! " Harry bellow at the empty frame . " and tell Dumbledore thanks for nothing ! " the empty canvas remain silent . fume , Harry drag his trunk back to the foot of his bed , then throw himself facedown upon the moth-eaten cover , his eye shut , his body heavy and ache . ... he feel he have journey mile and mile . ... it seem impossible that less than twenty-four hour ago Cho Chang have be approach him under the mistletoe . ... he be so tire . ... he be scare to sleep ... yet he do not know how long he could fight it . ... Dumbledore have tell him to stay . ... that must mean he be allow to sleep . ... but he be scare . ... what if it happen again ... ? he be sink into shadow . ... it be as though a film in his head have be wait to start . he be walk down a desert corridor toward a plain black door , past rough stone wall , torch , and an open doorway onto a flight of stone step lead downstairs on the left . ... he reach the black door but could not open it . ... he stand gaze at it , desperate for entry . ... something he want with all his heart lie beyond . ... a prize beyond his dream . ... if only his scar would stop prickle ... then he would be able to think more clearly . ... " Harry , " say Ron 's voice , from far , far away , " Mum say dinner be ready , but she will save you something if you want to stay in bed . ... " Harry open his eye , but Ron have already leave the room . he do n't want to be on his own with me , Harry think . not after what he hear Moody say ... he suppose none of them would want him there anymore now that they know what be inside him . ... he would not go down to dinner ; he would not inflict his company upon them . he turn over onto his other side and after a while drop back off to sleep , wake much later in the early hour of the morning , with his inside ache with hunger , and Ron snore in the next bed . squint around the room he see the dark outline of Phineas Nigellus stand again in his portrait and it occur to Harry that Dumbledore have probably set Phineas Nigellus to watch over him , in case he attack somebody else . the feeling of be unclean intensify . he half wish he have not obey Dumbledore and stay . ... if this be how life be go to be in Grimmauld Place from now on , maybe he would be good off in Privet Drive after all . everybody else spend the follow morning put up Christmas decoration . Harry could not remember Sirius ever be in such a good mood ; he be actually sing carol , apparently delight that he be to have company over Christmas . Harry could hear his voice echo up through the floor in the cold and empty draw room where he be sit alone , watch the sky outside the window grow white , threaten snow , all the time feel a savage pleasure that he be give the other the opportunity to keep talk about him , as they be bind to be do . when he hear Mrs. Weasley call his name softly up the stair around lunchtime he retreat farther upstairs and ignore her . it be around six o'clock in the evening that the doorbell ring and Mrs. Black start scream again . assume that Mundungus or some other order member have come to call , Harry merely settle himself more comfortably against the wall of Buckbeak the hippogriff 's room where he be hide , try to ignore how hungry he feel as he feed Buckbeak dead rat . it come as a slight shock when somebody hammer hard on the door a few minute later . " I know you be in there , " say Hermione 's voice . " will you please come out ? I want to talk to you . " " what be you do here ? " Harry ask her , pull open the door , as Buckbeak resume his scratch at the straw-strewn floor for any fragment of rat he might have drop . " I think you be ski with your mum and dad . " " well , to tell the truth , skiing be not really my thing , " say Hermione . " so I have come for Christmas . " there be snow in her hair and her face be pink with cold . " but do n't tell Ron that , I tell him it be really good because he keep laugh so much . anyway , Mum and Dad be a bit disappoint , but I have tell them that everyone who be serious about the exam be stay at Hogwarts to study . they want me to do well , they will understand . anyway , " she say briskly , " let be go to your bedroom , Ron 's mum be light a fire in there and she be send up sandwich . " Harry follow her back to the second floor . when he enter the bedroom he be rather surprise to see both Ron and Ginny wait for them , sit on Ron 's bed . " I come on the Knight bus , " say Hermione airily , pull off her jacket before Harry have time to speak . " Dumbledore tell me what have happen first thing this morning , but I have to wait for term to end officially before set off . Umbridge be already livid that you lot disappear right under her nose , even though Dumbledore tell her Mr. Weasley be in St. Mungo 's , and he have give you all permission to visit . so ... " she sit down next to Ginny , and the two girl and Ron look up at Harry . " how be you feel ? " ask Hermione . " fine , " say Harry stiffly . " oh , do n't lie , Harry , " she say impatiently . " Ron and Ginny say you have be hide from everyone since you get back from St. Mungo 's . " " they do , do they ? " say Harry , glaring at Ron and Ginny . Ron look down at his foot but Ginny seem quite unabashed . " well , you have ! " she say . " and you wo n't look at any of us ! " " it be you lot who wo n't look at me ! " say Harry angrily . " maybe you be take it in turn to look and keep miss each other , " suggest Hermione , the corner of her mouth twitch . " very funny , " snap Harry , turn away . " oh , stop feel all misunderstood , " say Hermione sharply . " look , the other have tell me what you overhear last night on the extendable Ears -- " " Yeah ? " growl Harry , his hand deep in his pocket as he watch the snow now fall thickly outside . " all be talk about me , have you ? well , I be get use to it . ... " " we want to talk to you , Harry , " say Ginny , " but as you have be hide ever since we get back -- " " I do n't want anyone to talk to me , " say Harry , who be feel more and more nettle . " well , that be a bit stupid of you , " say Ginny angrily , " see as you do n't know anyone but me who have be possess by You-Know-Who , and I can tell you how it feel . " Harry remain quite still as the impact of these word hit him . then he turn on the spot to face her . " I forget , " he say . " Lucky you , " say Ginny coolly . " I be sorry , " Harry say , and he mean it . " so ... so do you think I be be possess , then ? " " well , can you remember everything you have be do ? " Ginny ask . " be there big blank period where you do n't know what you have be up to ? " Harry rack his brain . " no , " he say . " then You-Know-Who have n't ever possess you , " say Ginny simply . " when he do it to me , I could n't remember what I have be do for hour at a time . I will find myself somewhere and not know how I get there . " Harry hardly dare believe her , yet his heart be lighten almost in spite of himself . " that dream I have about your dad and the snake , though -- " " Harry , you have have these dream before , " Hermione say . " you have flash of what Voldemort be up to last year . " " this be different , " say Harry , shake his head . " I be inside that snake . it be like I be the snake . ... what if Voldemort somehow transport me to London -- ? " " one day , " say Hermione , sound thoroughly exasperate , " you will read Hogwarts , a history , and perhaps that will remind you that you ca n't Apparate or Disapparate inside Hogwarts . even Voldemort could n't just make you fly out of your dormitory , Harry . " " you do n't leave your bed , mate , " say Ron . " I see you thrash around in your sleep about a minute before we could wake you up . ... " Harry start pace up and down the room again , think . what they be all say be not only comforting , it make sense . ... without really think he take a sandwich from the plate on the bed and cram it hungrily into his mouth . ... I be not the weapon after all , think Harry . his heart swell with happiness and relief , and he feel like join in as they hear Sirius tramp past their door toward Buckbeak 's room , sing " God Rest Ye Merry , Hippogriffs " at the top of his voice . how could he have dream of return to Privet Drive for Christmas ? Sirius 's delight at have the house full again , and especially at have Harry back , be infectious . he be no longer their sullen host of the summer ; now he seem determine that everyone should enjoy themselves as much , if not more , than they would have do at Hogwarts , and he work tirelessly in the run-up to Christmas Day , clean and decorate with their help , so that by the time they all go to bed on Christmas Eve the house be barely recognizable . the tarnished chandelier be no longer hang with cobweb but with garland of holly and gold and silver streamer ; magical snow glitter in heap over the threadbare carpet ; a great Christmas tree , obtain by Mundungus and decorate with live fairy , block Sirius 's family tree from view ; and even the stuffed elf head on the hall wall wear Father Christmas hat and beard . Harry awake on Christmas morning to find a stack of present at the foot of his bed and Ron already halfway through open his own , rather large , pile . " good haul this year , " he inform Harry through a cloud of paper . " thanks for the Broom Compass , it be excellent , beat Hermione 's -- she have get me a homework planner -- " Harry sort through his present and find one with Hermione 's handwriting on it . she have give him too a book that resemble a diary , except that it say thing like " do it today or later you will pay ! " every time he open a page . Sirius and Lupin have give Harry a set of excellent book entitle Practical Defensive Magic and its use against the Dark Arts , which have superb , move color illustration of all the counterjinxes and hex it describe . Harry flick through the first volume eagerly ; he could see it be go to be highly useful in his plan for the D.A. Hagrid have send a furry brown wallet that have fang , which be presumably suppose to be an antitheft device , but unfortunately prevent Harry put any money in without get his finger rip off . Tonks 's present be a small , work model of a Firebolt , which Harry watch fly around the room , wish he still have his full-size version ; Ron have give him an enormous box of Every-Flavor Beans ; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley the usual hand-knit jumper and some mince pie ; and Dobby , a truly dreadful painting that Harry suspect have be do by the elf himself . he have just turn it upside down to see whether it look well that way when , with a loud crack , Fred and George Apparated at the foot of his bed . " Merry Christmas , " say George . " do n't go downstairs for a bit . " " why not ? " say Ron . " Mum be cry again , " say Fred heavily . " Percy send back his Christmas jumper . " " without a note , " add George . " have n't ask how Dad be or visit him or anything . ... " " we try to comfort her , " say Fred , move around the bed to look at Harry 's portrait . " tell her Percy 's nothing more than a humongous pile of rat droppings -- " " - do n't work , " say George , help himself to a Chocolate Frog . " so Lupin take over . good let him cheer her up before we go down for breakfast , I reckon . " " what be that suppose to be anyway ? " ask Fred , squint at Dobby 's painting . " look like a gibbon with two black eye . " " it be Harry ! " say George , point at the back of the picture . " say so on the back ! " " good likeness , " say Fred , grin . Harry throw his new homework diary at him ; it hit the wall opposite and fall to the floor where it say happily , " if you have dot the i 's and cross the t be then you may do whatever you please ! " they get up and dress ; they could hear various inhabitant of the house call " Merry Christmas " to each other . on their way downstairs they meet Hermione . " thanks for the book , Harry ! " she say happily . " I have be want that New Theory of numerology for age ! and that perfume be really unusual , Ron . " " no problem , " say Ron . " who be that for anyway ? " he add , nod at the neatly wrap present she be carry . " Kreacher , " say Hermione brightly . " it have good not be clothes ! " say Ron warningly . " you know what Sirius say , Kreacher know too much , we ca n't set him free ! " " it be n't clothes , " say Hermione , " although if I have my way I will certainly give him something to wear other than that filthy old rag . no , it be a patchwork quilt , I think it would brighten up his bedroom . " " what bedroom ? " say Harry , drop his voice to a whisper as they be pass the portrait of Sirius 's mother . " well , Sirius say it be not so much a bedroom , more a kind of -- den , " say Hermione . " apparently he sleep under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen . " Mrs. Weasley be the only person in the basement when they arrive there . she be stand at the stove and sound as though she have a bad head cold when she wish them Merry Christmas , and they all avert their eye . " so , this be Kreacher 's bedroom ? " say Ron , stroll over to a dingy door in the corner opposite the pantry which Harry have never see open . " yes , " say Hermione , now sound a little nervous . " er ... I think we will well knock ... " Ron rap the door with his knuckle but there be no reply . " he must be sneak around upstairs , " he say , and without further ado pull open the door . " urgh . " Harry peer inside . most of the cupboard be take up with a very large and old-fashioned boiler , but in the foot 's space underneath the pipe Kreacher have make himself something that look like a nest . a jumble of assorted rag and smelly old blanket be pile on the floor and the small dent in the middle of it show where Kreacher curl up to sleep every night . here and there among the material be stale bread crust and moldy old bit of cheese . in a far corner glint small object and coin that Harry guess Kreacher have save , magpielike , from Sirius 's purge of the house , and he have also manage to retrieve the silver-framed family photograph that Sirius have throw away over the summer . their glass might be shatter , but still the little black-and-white people inside them peer haughtily up at him , include -- he feel a little jolt in his stomach -- the dark , heavy-lidded woman whose trial he have witness in Dumbledore 's Pensieve : Bellatrix Lestrange . by the look of it , hers be Kreacher 's favorite photograph ; he have place it to the fore of all the other and have mend the glass clumsily with Spellotape . " I think I will just leave his present here , " say Hermione , lay the package neatly in the middle of the depression in the rag and blanket and close the door quietly . " he will find it later , that will be fine . ... " " come to think of it , " say Sirius , emerge from the pantry carry a large turkey as they close the cupboard door , " have anyone actually see Kreacher lately ? " " I have n't see him since the night we come back here , " say Harry . " you be order him out of the kitchen . " " yeah ... " say Sirius , frown . " you know , I think that be the last time I see him , too . ... he must be hide upstairs somewhere . ... " " he could n't have leave , could he ? " say Harry . " I mean , when you say ' out , ' maybe he think you mean , get out of the house ? " " no , no , house-elves ca n't leave unless they be give clothes , they be tie to their family 's house , " say Sirius . " they can leave the house if they really want to , " Harry contradict him . " Dobby do , he leave the Malfoys ' to give me warning two year ago . he have to punish himself afterward , but he still manage it . " Sirius look slightly disconcert for a moment , then say , " I will look for him later , I expect I will find him upstairs cry his eye out over my mother 's old bloomer or something . ... of course , he might have crawl into the air cupboard and die . ... but I must n't get my hope up . ... " Fred , George , and Ron laugh ; Hermione , however , look reproachful . once they have have their Christmas lunch , the Weasleys and Harry and Hermione be plan to pay Mr. Weasley another visit , escort by Mad-Eye and Lupin . Mundungus turn up in time for Christmas pudding and trifle , have manage to " borrow " a car for the occasion , as the underground do not run on Christmas Day . the car , which Harry doubt very much have be take with the knowledge or consent of its owner , have have a similar Enlarging Spell put upon it as the Weasleys ' old Ford Anglia ; although normally proportion outside , ten people with Mundungus driving be able to fit into it quite comfortably . Mrs. Weasley hesitate at the point of get inside ; Harry know that her disapproval of Mundungus be battle with her dislike of travel without magic ; finally the cold outside and her child 's pleading triumph , and she settle herself into the backseat between Fred and Bill with good grace . the journey to St. Mungo 's be quite quick , as there be very little traffic on the road . a small trickle of witch and wizard be creep furtively up the otherwise desert street to visit the hospital . Harry and the other get out of the car , and Mundungus drive off around the corner to wait for them ; they stroll casually toward the window where the dummy in green nylon stand , then , one by one , step through the glass . the reception area look pleasantly festive : the crystal orb that illuminate St. Mungo 's have be turn to red and gold so that they become gigantic , glowing Christmas bauble ; holly hang around every doorway , and shine white Christmas tree cover in magical snow and icicle glitter in every corner , each top with a gleam gold star . it be less crowd than the last time they have be there , although halfway across the room Harry find himself shunt aside by a witch with a walnut jam up her left nostril . " family argument , eh ? " smirk the blonde witch behind the desk . " you be the third I have see today ... Spell damage , fourth floor ... " they find Mr. Weasley prop up in bed with the remain of his turkey dinner on a tray in his lap and a rather sheepish expression on his face . " everything all right , Arthur ? " ask Mrs. Weasley , after they have all greet Mr. Weasley and hand over their present . " fine , fine , " say Mr. Weasley , a little too heartily . " you -- er -- have n't see Healer Smethwyck , have you ? " " no , " say Mrs. Weasley suspiciously , " why ? " " nothing , nothing , " say Mr. Weasley airily , start to unwrap his pile of gift . " well , everyone have a good day ? what do you all get for Christmas ? oh , Harry -- this be absolutely wonderful -- " for he have just open Harry 's gift of fuse-wire and screwdriver . Mrs. Weasley do not seem entirely satisfy with Mr. Weasley 's answer . as her husband lean over to shake Harry 's hand , she peer at the bandage under his nightshirt . " Arthur , " she say , with a snap in her voice like a mousetrap , " you have have your bandage change . why have you have your bandage change a day early , Arthur ? they tell me they would n't need do until tomorrow . " " what ? " say Mr. Weasley , look rather frightened and pull the bed cover high up his chest . " no , no -- it be nothing -- it be -- I -- " he seem to deflate under Mrs. Weasley 's piercing gaze . " well -- now do n't get upset , Molly , but Augustus Pye have an idea . ... he be the Trainee Healer , you know , lovely young chap and very interested in ... um ... complementary medicine . ... I mean , some of these old Muggle remedy ... well , they be call stitch , Molly , and they work very well on -- on Muggle wound -- " Mrs. Weasley let out an ominous noise somewhere between a shriek and a snarl . lupin stroll away from the bed and over to the werewolf , who have no visitor and be look rather wistfully at the crowd around Mr. Weasley ; Bill mutter something about get himself a cup of tea and Fred and George leap up to accompany him , grin . " do you mean to tell me , " say Mrs. Weasley , her voice grow loud with every word and apparently unaware that her fellow visitor be scurry for cover , " that you have be mess about with Muggle remedy ? " " not mess about , Molly , dear , " say Mr. Weasley imploringly . " it be just -- just something Pye and I think we will try -- only , most unfortunately -- well , with these particular kind of wound -- it do n't seem to work as well as we have hope -- " " Meaning ? " " well ... well , I do n't know whether you know what -- what stitch be ? " " it sound as though you have be try to sew your skin back together , " say Mrs. Weasley with a snort of mirthless laughter , " but even you , Arthur , would n't be that stupid -- " " I fancy a cup of tea too , " say Harry , jump to his foot . Hermione , Ron , and Ginny almost sprint to the door with him . as it swing closed behind them , they hear Mrs. Weasley shriek , " what DO you Mean , THAT be the GENERAL IDEA ? " " typical Dad , " say Ginny , shake her head as they set off up the corridor . " stitch ... I ask you ... " " well , you know , they do work well on non-magical wound , " say Hermione fairly . " I suppose something in that snake 's venom dissolve them or something . ... I wonder where the tearoom be ? " " fifth floor , " say Harry , remember the sign over the Welcome Witch 's desk . they walk along the corridor through a set of double door and find a rickety staircase line with more portrait of brutal-looking Healers . as they climb it , the various Healers call out to them , diagnose odd complaint and suggest horrible remedy . Ron be seriously affront when a medieval wizard call out that he clearly have a bad case of spattergroit . " and what be that suppose to be ? " he ask angrily , as the Healer pursue him through six more portrait , shove the occupant out of the way . " ' Tis a most grievous affliction of the skin , young master , that will leave you pockmark and more gruesome even than you be now -- " " watch who you be call gruesome ! " say Ron , his ear turn red . " the only remedy be to take the liver of a toad , bind it tight about your throat , stand naked by the full moon in a barrel of eel ' eye -- " " I have not get spattergroit ! " " but the unsightly blemish upon your visage , young master -- " " they be freckle ! " say Ron furiously . " now get back in your own picture and leave me alone ! " he round on the other , who be all keep determinedly straight face . " what floor be this ? " " I think it be the fifth , " say Hermione . " Nah , it be the fourth , " say Harry , " one more -- " but as he step onto the landing he come to an abrupt halt , stare at the small window set into the double door that mark the start of a corridor signpost Spell DAMAGE . a man be peer out at them all with his nose press against the glass . he have wavy blond hair , bright blue eye , and a broad vacant smile that reveal dazzlingly white tooth . " Blimey ! " say Ron , also stare at the man . " oh my goodness , " say Hermione suddenly , sound breathless . " Professor Lockhart ! " their ex-Defense against the Dark Arts teacher push open the door and move toward them , wear a long lilac dressing gown . " well , hello there ! " he say . " I expect you will like my autograph , would you ? " " have n't change much , have he ? " Harry mutter to Ginny , who grin . " er -- how be you , Professor ? " say Ron , sound slightly guilty . it have be Ron 's malfunction wand that have damage Professor Lockhart 's memory so badly that he have land here in the first place , though , as Lockhart have be attempt to permanently wipe Harry and Ron 's memory at the time , Harry 's sympathy be limit . " I be very well indeed , thank you ! " say Lockhart exuberantly , pull a rather batter peacock-feather quill from his pocket . " now , how many autograph would you like ? I can do joined-up writing now , you know ! " " er -- we do n't want any at the moment , thanks , " say Ron , raise his eyebrow at Harry , who ask , " Professor , should you be wander around the corridor ? should n't you be in a ward ? " the smile fade slowly from Lockhart 's face . for a few moment he gaze intently at Harry , then he say , " have n't we meet ? " " er ... yeah , we have , " say Harry . " you use to teach us at Hogwarts , remember ? " " teach ? " repeat Lockhart , look faintly unsettled . " me ? do I ? " and then the smile reappear upon his face so suddenly it be rather alarming . " teach you everything you know , I expect , do I ? well , how about those autograph , then ? shall we say a round dozen , you can give them to all your little friend then and nobody will be leave out ! " but just then a head poke out of a door at the far end of the corridor and a voice say , " Gilderoy , you naughty boy , where have you wander off to ? " a motherly look healer wear a tinsel wreath in her hair come bustle up the corridor , smile warmly at Harry and the other . " Oh Gilderoy , you have get visitor ! how lovely , and on Christmas Day too ! do you know , he never get visitor , poor lamb , and I ca n't think why , he be such a sweetie , be n't you ? " " we be do autograph ! " Gilderoy tell the Healer with another glitter smile . " they want load of them , wo n't take no for an answer ! I just hope we have get enough photograph ! " " listen to him , " say the Healer , take Lockhart 's arm and beam fondly at him as though he be a precocious two-year-old . " he be rather well know a few year ago ; we very much hope that this liking for give autograph be a sign that his memory might be come back a little bit . will you step this way ? he be in a closed ward , you know , he must have slip out while I be bring in the Christmas present , the door 's usually keep lock ... not that he be dangerous ! but , " she lower her voice to a whisper , " bit of a danger to himself , bless him . ... do n't know who he be , you see , wander off and ca n't remember how to get back . ... it be nice of you to have come to see him -- " " er , " say Ron , gesture uselessly at the floor above , " actually , we be just -- er -- " but the Healer be smile expectantly at them , and Ron 's feeble mutter of " go to have a cup of tea " trail away into nothingness . they look at one another rather hopelessly and then follow Lockhart and his healer along the corridor . " Let 's not stay long , " Ron say quietly . the Healer point her wand at the door of the Janus Thickey ward and mutter " Alohomora . " the door swing open and she lead the way inside , keep a firm grasp on Gilderoy 's arm until she have settle him into an armchair beside his bed . " this be our long-term resident ward , " she inform Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Ginny in a low voice . " for permanent spell damage , you know . of course , with intensive remedial potion and charm and a bit of luck , we can produce some improvement . ... Gilderoy do seem to be get back some sense of himself , and we have see a real improvement in Mr. Bode , he seem to be regain the power of speech very well , though he be n't speak any language we recognize yet . ... well , I must finish give out the Christmas present , I will leave you all to chat . ... " Harry look around ; this ward bear unmistakable sign of be a permanent home to its resident . they have many more personal effect around their bed than in Mr. Weasley 's ward ; the wall around Gilderoy 's headboard , for instance , be paper with picture of himself , all beam toothily and wave at the new arrival . he have autograph many of them to himself in disjointed , childish writing . the moment he have be deposit in his chair by the Healer , Gilderoy pull a fresh stack of photograph toward him , seize a quill , and start sign them all feverishly . " you can put them in envelope , " he say to Ginny , throw the sign picture into her lap one by one as he finish them . " I be not forget , you know , no , I still receive a very great deal of fan mail . ... Gladys Gudgeon write weekly . ... I just wish I know why . ... " he pause , look faintly puzzle , then beam again and return to his signing with renewed vigor . " I suspect it be simply my good look . ... " a sallow-skinned , mournful-looking wizard lie in the bed opposite , stare at the ceiling ; he be mumble to himself and seem quite unaware of anything around him . two bed along be a woman whose entire head be cover in fur ; Harry remember something similar happen to Hermione during their second year , although fortunately the damage , in her case , have not be permanent . at the far end of the ward flowery curtain have be draw around two bed to give the occupant and their visitor some privacy . " here you be , Agnes , " say the Healer brightly to the furry-faced woman , hand her a small pile of Christmas present . " see , not forget , be you ? and your son be send an owl to say he be visit tonight , so that be nice , be n't it ? " Agnes give several loud bark . " and look , Broderick , you have be send a potted plant and a lovely calendar with a different fancy hippogriff for each month , they will brighten thing up , wo n't they ? " say the Healer , bustle along to the mumble man , set a rather ugly plant with long , sway tentacle on the bedside cabinet and fix the calendar to the wall with her wand . " and -- oh , Mrs. Longbottom , be you leave already ? " Harry 's head spin round . the curtain have be draw back from the two bed at the end of the ward and two visitor be walk back down the aisle between the bed : a formidable-looking old witch wear a long green dress , a moth-eaten fox fur , and a pointed hat decorate with what be unmistakably a stuffed vulture and , trail behind her look thoroughly depressed -- Neville . with a sudden rush of understanding , Harry realize who the people in the end bed must be . he cast around wildly for some means of distract the other so that Neville could leave the ward unnoticed and unquestioned , but Ron have look up at the sound of the name " Longbottom " too , and before Harry could stop him have call , " Neville ! " Neville jump and cower as though a bullet have narrowly miss him . " it be us , Neville ! " say Ron brightly , get to his foot . " have you see ? Lockhart be here ! who have you be visit ? " " friend of yours , Neville , dear ? " say Neville 's grandmother graciously , bear down upon them all . Neville look as though he would rather be anywhere in the world but here . a dull purple flush be creep up his plump face and he be not make eye contact with any of them . " ah , yes , " say his grandmother , look closely at Harry and stick out a shrivel , clawlike hand for him to shake . " yes , yes , I know who you be , of course . Neville speak most highly of you . " " er -- thanks , " say Harry , shake hand . Neville do not look at him , but stare at his own foot , the color deepen in his face all the while . " and you two be clearly Weasleys , " Mrs. Longbottom continue , proffer her hand regally to Ron and Ginny in turn . " yes , I know your parent -- not well , of course -- but fine people , fine people ... and you must be Hermione Granger ? " Hermione look rather startle that Mrs. Longbottom know her name , but shake hand all the same . " yes , Neville 's tell me all about you . help him out of a few sticky spot , have n't you ? he be a good boy , " she say , cast a sternly appraise look down her rather bony nose at Neville , " but he have n't get his father 's talent , I be afraid to say . ... " and she jerk her head in the direction of the two bed at the end of the ward , so that the stuffed vulture on her hat tremble alarmingly . " what ? " say Ron , look amazed ( Harry want to stamp on Ron 's foot , but that sort of thing be much hard to bring off unnoticed when you be wear jean rather than robe ) . " be that your dad down the end , Neville ? " " what be this ? " say Mrs. Longbottom sharply . " have n't you tell your friend about your parent , Neville ? " Neville take a deep breath , look up at the ceiling , and shake his head . Harry could not remember ever feel sorry for anyone , but he could not think of any way of help Neville out of the situation . " well , it be nothing to be ashamed of ! " say Mrs. Longbottom angrily . " you should be proud , Neville , proud ! they do n't give their health and their sanity so their only son would be ashamed of them , you know ! " " I be not ashamed , " say Neville very faintly , still look anywhere but at Harry and the other . Ron be now stand on tiptoe to look over at the inhabitant of the two bed . " well , you have get a funny way of show it ! " say Mrs. Longbottom . " my son and his wife , " she say , turn haughtily to Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Ginny , " be torture into insanity by You-Know-Who 's follower . " Hermione and Ginny both clap their hand over their mouth . Ron stop crane his neck to catch a glimpse of Neville 's parent and look mortify . " they be Aurors , you know , and very well respect within the Wizarding community , " Mrs. Longbottom go on . " highly gifted , the pair of them . I -- yes , Alice dear , what be it ? " Neville 's mother have come edge down the ward in her nightdress . she no long have the plump , happy-looking face Harry have see in Moody 's old photograph of the original order of the Phoenix . her face be thin and wear now , her eye seem overlarge , and her hair , which have turn white , be wispy and dead-looking . she do not seem to want to speak , or perhaps she be not able to , but she make timid motion toward Neville , hold something in her outstretch hand . " again ? " say Mrs. Longbottom , sound slightly weary . " very well , Alice dear , very well -- Neville , take it , whatever it be . ... " but Neville have already stretch out his hand , into which his mother drop an empty Droobles Blowing Gum wrapper . " very nice , dear , " say Neville 's grandmother in a falsely cheery voice , pat his mother on the shoulder . but Neville say quietly , " thanks Mum . " his mother totter away , back up the ward , hum to herself . Neville look around at the other , his expression defiant , as though dare them to laugh , but Harry do not think he have ever find anything less funny in his life . " well , we will well get back , " sigh Mrs. Longbottom , draw on long green glove . " very nice to have meet you all . Neville , put that wrapper in the bin , she must have give you enough of them to paper your bedroom by now . ... " but as they leave , Harry be sure he see Neville slip the wrapper into his pocket . the door close behind them . " I never know , " say Hermione , who look tearful . " nor do I , " say Ron rather hoarsely . " nor me , " whisper Ginny . they all look at Harry . " I do , " he say glumly . " Dumbledore tell me but I promise I would n't mention it ... that be what Bellatrix Lestrange get send to Azkaban for , use the Cruciatus Curse on Neville 's parent until they lose their mind . " " Bellatrix Lestrange do that ? " whisper Hermione , horrify . " that woman Kreacher 's get a photo of in his den ? " there be a long silence , break by Lockhart 's angry voice . " look , I do n't learn joined-up writing for nothing , you know ! " Occlumency Kreacher , it transpire , have be lurk in the attic . Sirius say he have find him up there , cover in dust , no doubt look for more relic of the Black family to hide in his cupboard . though Sirius seem satisfy with this story , it make Harry uneasy . Kreacher seem to be in a good mood on his reappearance , his bitter mutter have subside somewhat , and he submit to order more docilely than usual , though once or twice Harry catch the house-elf stare avidly at him , always look quickly away when he see that Harry have notice . Harry do not mention his vague suspicion to Sirius , whose cheerfulness be evaporate fast now that Christmas be over . as the date of their departure back to Hogwarts draw near , he become more and more prone to what Mrs. Weasley call " fit of the sullens , " in which he would become taciturn and grumpy , often withdraw to Buckbeak 's room for hour at a time . his gloom seep through the house , ooze under doorway like some noxious gas , so that all of them become infected by it . Harry do not want to leave Sirius all alone again with only Kreacher for company . in fact , for the first time in his life , he be not look forward to return to Hogwarts . go back to school would mean place himself once again under the tyranny of Dolores Umbridge , who have no doubt manage to force through another dozen decree in their absence . then there be no Quidditch to look forward to now that he have be ban ; there be every likelihood that their burden of homework would increase as the exam draw even near ; Dumbledore remain as remote as ever ; in fact , if it have not be for the D.A. , Harry feel he might have go to Sirius and beg him to let him leave Hogwarts and remain in Grimmauld Place . then , on the very last day of the holiday , something happen that make Harry positively dread his return to school . " Harry dear , " say Mrs. Weasley , poke her head into his and Ron 's bedroom , where the pair of them be play wizard chess watch by Hermione , Ginny , and Crookshanks , " could you come down to the kitchen ? Professor Snape would like a word with you . " Harry do not immediately register what she have say ; one of his castle be engage in a violent tussle with a pawn of Ron 's , and he be egg it on enthusiastically . " squash him -- squash him , he be only a pawn , you idiot -- sorry , Mrs. Weasley , what do you say ? " " Professor Snape , dear . in the kitchen . he will like a word . " Harry 's mouth fall open in horror . he look around at Ron , Hermione , and Ginny , all of whom be gape back at him . Crookshanks , whom Hermione have be restrain with difficulty for the past quarter of an hour , leap gleefully upon the board and set the piece run for cover , squeal at the top of their voice . " Snape ? " say Harry blankly . " Professor Snape , dear , " say Mrs. Weasley reprovingly . " now come on , quickly , he say he ca n't stay long . " " what be he want with you ? " say Ron , look unnerved as Mrs. Weasley withdraw from the room . " you have n't do anything , have you ? " " no ! " say Harry indignantly , rack his brain to think what he could have do that would make Snape pursue him to Grimmauld Place . have his last piece of homework perhaps earn a T ? he push open the kitchen door a minute or two late to find Sirius and Snape both seat at the long kitchen table , glare in opposite direction . the silence between them be heavy with mutual dislike . a letter lie open on the table in front of Sirius . " er , " say Harry to announce his presence . Snape look around at him , his face frame between curtain of greasy black hair . " sit down , Potter . " " you know , " say Sirius loudly , lean back on his rear chair leg and speak to the ceiling , " I think I will prefer it if you do n't give order here , Snape . it be my house , you see . " an ugly flush suffuse Snape 's pallid face . Harry sit down in a chair beside Sirius , face Snape across the table . " I be suppose to see you alone , Potter , " say Snape , the familiar sneer curl his mouth , " but Black -- " " I be his godfather , " say Sirius , louder than ever . " I be here on Dumbledore 's order , " say Snape , whose voice , by contrast , be become more and more quietly waspish , " but by all mean stay , Black , I know you like to feel ... involve . " " what be that suppose to mean ? " say Sirius , let his chair fall back onto all four leg with a loud bang . " merely that I be sure you must feel -- ah -- frustrate by the fact that you can do nothing useful , " Snape lay a delicate stress on the word , " for the order . " it be Sirius 's turn to flush . Snape 's lip curl in triumph as he turn to Harry . " the headmaster have send me to tell you , Potter , that it be his wish for you to study Occlumency this term . " " study what ? " say Harry blankly . Snape 's sneer become more pronounced . " Occlumency , Potter . the magical defense of the mind against external penetration . an obscure branch of magic , but a highly useful one . Harry 's heart begin to pump very fast indeed . defense against external penetration ? but he be not be possess , they have all agree on that . ... " why do I have to study Occlu -- thing ? " he blurt out . " because the headmaster think it a good idea , " say Snape smoothly . " you will receive private lesson once a week , but you will not tell anybody what you be do , least of all Dolores Umbridge . you understand ? " " yes , " say Harry . " who be go to be teach me ? " Snape raise an eyebrow . " I be , " he say . Harry have the horrible sensation that his inside be melt . extra lesson with Snape -- what on earth have he do to deserve this ? he look quickly around at Sirius for support . " why ca n't Dumbledore teach Harry ? " ask Sirius aggressively . " why you ? " " I suppose because it be a headmaster 's privilege to delegate less enjoyable task , " say Snape silkily . " I assure you I do not beg for the job . " he get to his foot . " I will expect you at six o'clock on Monday evening , Potter . my office . if anybody ask , you be take remedial potion . nobody who have see you in my class could deny you need them . " he turn to leave , his black travel cloak billow behind him . " wait a moment , " say Sirius , sit up straight in his chair . Snape turn back to face them , sneer . " I be in rather a hurry , Black ... unlike you , I do not have unlimited leisure time . ... " " I will get to the point , then , " say Sirius , stand up . he be rather tall than Snape who , Harry notice , have ball his fist in the pocket of his cloak over what Harry be sure be the handle of his wand . " if I hear you be use these Occlumency lesson to give Harry a hard time , you will have me to answer to . " " how touching , " Snape sneer . " but surely you have notice that Potter be very like his father ? " " yes , I have , " say Sirius proudly . " well then , you will know he be so arrogant that criticism simply bounce off him , " Snape say sleekly . Sirius push his chair roughly aside and stride around the table toward Snape , pull out his wand as he go ; Snape whip out his own . they be square up to each other , Sirius look livid , Snape calculate , his eye dart from Sirius 's wand tip to his face . " Sirius ! " say Harry loudly , but Sirius appear not to hear him . " I have warn you , Snivellus , " say Sirius , his face barely a foot from Snape 's , " I do n't care if Dumbledore think you have reform , I know well -- " " oh , but why do n't you tell him so ? " whisper Snape . " or be you afraid he might not take the advice of a man who have be hide inside his mother 's house for six month very seriously ? " " tell me , how be Lucius Malfoy these day ? I expect he be delighted his lapdog be work at Hogwarts , be n't he ? " " speak of dog , " say Snape softly , " do you know that Lucius Malfoy recognize you last time you risk a little jaunt outside ? clever idea , Black , get yourself see on a safe station platform ... give you a cast-iron excuse not to leave your hidey-hole in future , do n't it ? " Sirius raise his wand . " no ! " Harry yell , vault over the table and try to get in between them , " Sirius , do n't -- " " be you call me a coward ? " roar Sirius , try to push Harry out of the way , but Harry would not budge . " why , yes , I suppose I be , " say Snape . " Harry -- get -- out -- of -- it ! " snarl Sirius , push him out of the way with his free hand . the kitchen door open and the entire Weasley family , plus Hermione , come inside , all look very happy , with Mr. Weasley walk proudly in their midst dress in a pair of striped pajamas cover by a mackintosh . " cure ! " he announce brightly to the kitchen at large . " completely cure ! " he and all the other Weasleys freeze on the threshold , gaze at the scene in front of them , which be also suspend in mid-action , both Sirius and Snape look toward the door with their wand point into each other 's face and Harry immobile between them , a hand stretch out to each of them , try to force them apart . " Merlin 's beard , " say Mr. Weasley , the smile slide off his face , " what be go on here ? " both Sirius and Snape lower their wand . Harry look from one to the other . each wear an expression of utmost contempt , yet the unexpected entrance of so many witness seem to have bring them to their sense . Snape pocket his wand and sweep back across the kitchen , pass the Weasleys without comment . at the door he look back . " six o'clock Monday evening , Potter . " he be go . Sirius glare after him , his wand at his side . " but what have be go on ? " ask Mr. Weasley again . " nothing , Arthur , " say Sirius , who be breathe heavily as though he have just run a long distance . " just a friendly little chat between two old school friend . ... " with what look like an enormous effort , he smile . " so ... you be cure ? that be great news , really great . ... " " Yes , be n't it ? " say Mrs. Weasley , lead her husband forward into a chair . " healer Smethwyck work his magic in the end , find an antidote to whatever that snake be get in its fang , and Arthur 's learn his lesson about dabble in Muggle medicine , have n't you , dear ? " she add , rather menacingly . " yes , Molly dear , " say Mr. Weasley meekly . that night 's meal should have be a cheerful one with Mr. Weasley back amongst them ; Harry could tell Sirius be try to make it so , yet when his godfather be not force himself to laugh loudly at Fred and George 's joke or offer everyone more food , his face fall back into a moody , brood expression . Harry be separate from him by Mundungus and Mad-Eye , who have drop in to offer Mr. Weasley their congratulation ; he want to talk to Sirius , to tell him that he should not listen to a word Snape say , that Snape be goad him deliberately and that the rest of them do not think Sirius be a coward for do as Dumbledore tell him and remain in Grimmauld Place , but he have no opportunity to do so , and wonder occasionally , eye the ugly look on Sirius 's face , whether he would have dare to even if he have the chance . instead he tell Ron and Hermione under his voice about have to take Occlumency lesson with Snape . " Dumbledore want to stop you have those dream about Voldemort , " say Hermione at once . " well , you wo n't be sorry not to have them anymore , will you ? " " extra lesson with Snape ? " say Ron , sound aghast . " I will rather have the nightmare ! " they be to return to Hogwarts on the Knight Bus the follow day , escort once again by Tonks and Lupin , both of whom be eat breakfast in the kitchen when Harry , Ron , and Hermione arrive there next morning . the adult seem to have be midway through a whisper conversation when the door open ; all of them look around hastily and fall silent . after a hurried breakfast they pull on jacket and scarves against the chilly gray January morning . Harry have an unpleasant constrict sensation in his chest ; he do not want to say good-bye to Sirius . he have a bad feeling about this parting ; he do not know when they would next see each other and feel that it be incumbent upon him to say something to Sirius to stop him do anything stupid -- Harry be worry that Snape 's accusation of cowardice have sting Sirius so badly he might even now be plan some foolhardy trip beyond Grimmauld Place . before he could think of what to say , however , Sirius have beckon him to his side . " I want you to take this , " he say quietly , thrust a badly wrap package roughly the size of a paperback book into Harry 's hand . " what be it ? " Harry ask . " a way of let me know if Snape be give you a hard time . no , do n't open it in here ! " say Sirius , with a wary look at Mrs. Weasley , who be try to persuade the twin to wear hand-knit mitten . " I doubt Molly would approve -- but I want you to use it if you need me , all right ? " " okay , " say Harry , stow the package away in the inside pocket of his jacket , but he know he would never use whatever it be . it would not be he , Harry , who lure Sirius from his place of safety , no matter how foully Snape treat him in their forthcoming Occlumency class . " let be go , then , " say Sirius , clap Harry on the shoulder and smile grimly , and before Harry could say anything else , they be head upstairs , stop before the heavily chain and bolt front door , surround by Weasleys . " Good-bye , Harry , take care , " say Mrs. Weasley , hug him . " see you Harry , and keep an eye out for snake for me ! " say Mr. Weasley genially , shake his hand . " right -- yeah , " say Harry distractedly . it be his last chance to tell Sirius to be careful ; he turn , look into his godfather 's face and open his mouth to speak , but before he could do so Sirius be give him a brief , one-armed hug . he say gruffly , " look after yourself , Harry , " and next moment Harry find himself be shunt out into the icy winter air , with Tonks ( today heavily disguise as a tall , tweedy woman with iron-gray hair ) chivvy him down the step . the door of number twelve slam shut behind them . they follow Lupin down the front step . as he reach the pavement , Harry look around . number twelve be shrink rapidly as those on either side of it stretch sideways , squeeze it out of sight ; one blink later , it have go . " come on , the quicker we get on the bus the good , " say Tonks , and Harry think there be nervousness in the glance she throw around the square . lupin fling out his right arm . bang . a violently purple , triple-decker bus have appear out of thin air in front of them , narrowly avoid the near lamppost , which jump backward out of its way . a thin , pimply , jug-eared youth in a purple uniform leap down onto the pavement and say , " welcome to the -- " " Yes , yes , we know , thank you , " say Tonks swiftly . " on , on , get on - and she shove Harry forward toward the step , past the conductor , who goggle at Harry as he pass . " ' Ere -- it 's ' Arry -- ! " " if you shout his name I will curse you into oblivion , " mutter Tonks menacingly , now shunt Ginny and Hermione forward . " I have always want to go on this thing , " say Ron happily , join Harry on board and look around . it have be even the last time Harry have travel by Knight Bus and its three deck have be full of brass bedstead . now , in the early morning , it be cram with an assortment of mismatch chair group haphazardly around window . some of these appear to have fall over when the bus stop abruptly in Grimmauld Place ; a few witch and wizard be still get to their foot , grumble , and somebody 's shopping bag have slide the length of the bus ; an unpleasant mixture of frog spawn , cockroach , and custard cream be scatter all over the floor . " look like we will have to split up , " say Tonics briskly , look around for empty chair . " Fred , George , and Ginny , if you just take those seat at the back ... Remus can stay with you . ... " she , Harry , Ron , and Hermione proceed up to the very top deck , where there be two chair at the very front of the bus and two at the back . Stan Shunpike , the conductor , follow Harry and Ron eagerly to the back . head turn as Harry pass and when he sit down , he see all the face flick back to the front again . as Harry and Ron hand Stan eleven Sickles each , the bus set off again , sway ominously . it rumble around Grimmauld Square , weave on and off the pavement , then , with another tremendous Bang , they be all fling backward ; Ron 's chair topple right over and Pigwidgeon , who have be on his lap , burst out of his cage and fly twitter wildly up to the front of the bus where he flutter down upon Hermione 's shoulder instead . Harry , who have narrowly avoid fall by seize a candle bracket , look out of the window : they be now speed down what appear to be a motorway . " just outside Birmingham , " say Stan happily , answer Harry 's unasked question as Ron struggle up from the floor . " you keepin ' well , then , ' Arry ? I see your name in the paper load over the summer , but it be n't never nuffink very nice . ... I say to ern , I say , ' ' e do n't seem like a nutter when we meet ' im , just go to show , dunnit ? ' " he hand over their ticket and continue to gaze , enthrall , at Harry ; apparently Stan do not care how nutty somebody be if they be famous enough to be in the paper . the Knight Bus sway alarmingly , overtake a line of car on the inside . look toward the front of the bus Harry see Hermione cover her eye with her hand , Pigwidgeon still sway happily on her shoulder . bang . chair slide backward again as the Knight Bus jump from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country lane full of hairpin bend . hedgerow on either side of the road be leap out of their way as they mount the verge . from here they move to a main street in the middle of a busy town , then to a viaduct surround by tall hill , then to a windswept road between high-rise flat , each time with a loud Bang . " I have change my mind , " mutter Ron , pick himself up from the floor for the sixth time , " I never want to ride on here again . " " listen , it be ' Ogwarts stop after this , " say Stan brightly , sway toward them . " that bossy woman up front ' oo get on with you , she have give us a little tip to move you up the queue . we be just gonna let Madam Marsh off first , though -- " there be more retch from downstairs , follow by a horrible spatter sound . " she be not feeling ' er good . a few minute later the Knight Bus screech to a halt outside a small pub , which squeeze itself out of the way to avoid a collision . they could hear Stan usher the unfortunate Madam Marsh out of the bus and the relieved murmuring of her fellow passenger on the second deck . the bus move on again , gather speed , until - Bang . they be roll through a snowy Hogsmeade . Harry catch a glimpse of the Hog 's Head down its side street , the sever boar 's head sign creak in the wintry wind . fleck of snow hit the large window at the front of the bus . at last they roll to a halt outside the gate to Hogwarts . lupin and Tonks help them off the bus with their luggage and then get off to say good-bye . Harry glance up at the three deck of the Knight bus and see all the passenger stare down at them , nose flat against the window . " you will be safe once you be in the ground , " say Tonks , cast a careful eye around at the desert road . " have a good term , okay ? " " look after yourselves , " say Lupin , shake hand all round and reach Harry last . " and listen ... " he lower his voice while the rest of them exchange last-minute good-byes with Tonks , " Harry , I know you do n't like Snape , but he be a superb Occlumens and we all -- Sirius include -- want you to learn to protect yourself , so work hard , all right ? " " yeah , all right , " say Harry heavily , look up into Lupin 's prematurely line face . " see you , then ... " the six of them struggle up the slippery drive toward the castle drag their trunk . Hermione be already talk about knit a few elf hat before bedtime . Harry glance back when they reach the oak front door ; the Knight Bus have already go , and he half-wished , give what be come the follow day , that he be still on board . Harry spend most of the next day dread the evening . his morning potion lesson do nothing to dispel his trepidation , as Snape be as unpleasant as ever , and Harry 's mood be further lower by the fact that member of the D.A. be continually approach him in the corridor between class , ask hopefully whether there would be a meeting that night . " I will let you know when the next one be , " Harry say over and over again , " but I ca n't do it tonight , I have get to go to -- er -- remedial potion . ... " " you take remedial potion ? " ask Zacharias Smith superciliously , have corner Harry in the entrance hall after lunch . " Good Lord , you must be terrible , Snape do n't usually give extra lesson , do he ? " as Smith stride away in an annoyingly buoyant fashion , Ron glare after him . " shall I jinx him ? I can still get him from here , " he say , raise his wand and take aim between Smith 's shoulder blade . " forget it , " say Harry dismally . " it be what everyone be go to think , be n't it ? that I be really stup -- " " Hi , Harry , " say a voice behind him . he turn around and find Cho standing there . " oh , " say Harry as his stomach leap uncomfortably . " hi . " " we will be in the library , Harry , " say Hermione firmly , and she seize Ron above the elbow and drag him off toward the marble staircase . " have a good Christmas ? " ask Cho . " yeah , not bad , " say Harry . " mine be pretty quiet , " say Cho . for some reason , she be look rather embarrassed . " erm ... there be another Hogsmeade trip next month , do you see the notice ? " " what ? oh no , I have n't check the notice board since I get back . ... " " Yes , it be on Valentine 's day . ... " " right , " say Harry , wonder why she be tell him this . " well , I suppose you want to -- ? " " only if you do , " she say eagerly . Harry stare . he have be about to say " I suppose you want to know when the next D.A. meeting be ? " but her response do not seem to fit . " I -- er -- " he say . " oh , it be okay if you do n't , " she say , look mortify . " do n't worry . I-I will see you around . " she walk away . Harry stand stare after her , his brain work frantically . then something clunk into place . " Cho ! hey -- Cho ! " he run after her , catch her halfway up the marble staircase . " er -- d'you want to come into Hogsmeade with me on Valentine 's day ? " " Oooh , yes ! " she say , blush crimson and beaming at him . " right ... well ... that be settle then , " say Harry , and feel that the day be not go to be a complete loss after all , he head off to the library to pick up Ron and Hermione before their afternoon lesson , walk in a rather bouncy way himself . by six o'clock that evening , however , even the glow of have successfully ask out Cho Chang be insufficient to lighten the ominous feeling that intensify with every step Harry take toward Snape 's office . he pause outside the door when he reach it , wish he be almost anywhere else , then , take a deep breath , knock , and enter . it be a shadowy room line with shelf bear hundred of glass jar in which float slimy bit of animal and plant , suspend in variously color potion . in a corner stand the cupboard full of ingredient that Snape have once accuse Harry -- not without reason -- of rob . Harry 's attention be draw toward the desk , however , where a shallow stone basin engrave with rune and symbol lie in a pool of candlelight . Harry recognize it at once -- Dumbledore 's Pensieve . wonder what on earth it be do here , he jump when Snape 's cold voice come out of the corner . " shut the door behind you , Potter . " Harry do as he be tell with the horrible feeling that he be imprison himself as he do so . when he turn back to face the room Snape have move into the light and be point silently at the chair opposite his desk . Harry sit down and so do Snape , his cold black eye fix unblinkingly upon Harry , dislike etch in every line of his face . " well , Potter , you know why you be here , " he say . " the headmaster have ask me to teach you Occlumency . I can only hope that you prove more adept at it than potion . " " right , " say Harry tersely . " this may not be an ordinary class , Potter , " say Snape , his eye narrow malevolently , " but I be still your teacher and you will therefore call me ' sir ' or ' Professor ' at all time . " " yes ... sir , " say Harry . " now , Occlumency . as I tell you back in your dear godfather 's kitchen , this branch of magic seal the mind against magical intrusion and influence . " " and why do Professor Dumbledore think I need it , sir ? " say Harry , look directly into Snape 's dark , cold eye and wonder whether he would answer . Snape look back at him for a moment and then say contemptuously , " surely even you could have work that out by now , Potter ? the Dark Lord be highly skilled at Legilimency -- " " what be that ? Sir ? " " it be the ability to extract feeling and memory from another person 's mind -- " " he can read mind ? " say Harry quickly , his bad fear confirm . " you have no subtlety , Potter , " say Snape , his dark eye glitter . " you do not understand fine distinction . it be one of the shortcoming that make you such a lamentable potion-maker . " Snape pause for a moment , apparently to savor the pleasure of insulting Harry , before continue , " only Muggles talk of ' mind reading . ' the mind be not a book , to be open at will and examine at leisure . thought be not etch on the inside of skull , to be peruse by any invader . the mind be a complex and many-layered thing , Potter ... or at least , most mind be . ... " he smirk . " it be true , however , that those who have master Legilimency be able , under certain condition , to delve into the mind of their victim and to interpret their finding correctly . the Dark Lord , for instance , almost always know when somebody be lie to him . only those skilled at Occlumency be able to shut down those feeling and memory that contradict the lie , and so utter falsehood in his presence without detection . " whatever Snape say , Legilimency sound like mind read to Harry and he do not like the sound of it at all . " so he could know what we be think right now ? Sir ? " " the Dark Lord be at a considerable distance and the wall and ground of Hogwarts be guard by many ancient spell and charm to ensure the bodily and mental safety of those who dwell within them , " say Snape . " time and space matter in magic , Potter . eye contact be often essential to Legilimency . " " well then , why do I have to learn Occlumency ? " Snape eye Harry , trace his mouth with one long , thin finger as he do so . " the usual rule do not seem to apply with you , Potter . the curse that fail to kill you seem to have forge some kind of connection between you and the Dark Lord . the evidence suggest that at time , when your mind be most relax and vulnerable -- when you be asleep , for instance -- you be share the Dark Lord 's thought and emotion . the headmaster think it inadvisable for this to continue . he wish me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark Lord . " Harry 's heart be pump fast again . none of this add up . " but why do Professor Dumbledore want to stop it ? " he ask abruptly . " I do n't like it much , but it have be useful , have n't it ? I mean ... I see that snake attack Mr. Weasley and if I have n't , Professor Dumbledore would n't have be able to save him , would he ? Sir ? " Snape stare at Harry for a few moment , still trace his mouth with his finger . when he speak again , it be slowly and deliberately , as though he weigh every word . " it appear that the Dark Lord have be unaware of the connection between you and himself until very recently . up till now it seem that you have be experience his emotion and share his thought without his be any the wise . however , the vision you have shortly before Christmas -- " " the one with the snake and Mr. Weasley ? " " do not interrupt me , Potter , " say Snape in a dangerous voice . " as I be say ... the vision you have shortly before Christmas represent such a powerful incursion upon the Dark Lord 's thought -- " " I see inside the snake 's head , not his ! " " I think I just tell you not to interrupt me , Potter ? " but Harry do not care if Snape be angry ; at last he seem to be get to the bottom of this business . he have move forward in his chair so that , without realize it , he be perch on the very edge , tense as though poise for flight . " how come I see through the snake 's eye if it be Voldemort 's thought I be share ? " " do not say the Dark Lord 's name ! " spit Snape . there be a nasty silence . they glare at each other across the Pensieve . " Professor Dumbledore say his name , " say Harry quietly . " Dumbledore be an extremely powerful wizard , " Snape mutter . " while he may feel secure enough to use the name ... the rest of us ... " he rub his left forearm , apparently unconsciously , on the spot where Harry know the Dark Mark be burn into his skin . " I just want to know , " Harry begin again , force his voice back to politeness , " why -- " " you seem to have visit the snake 's mind because that be where the Dark Lord be at that particular moment , " snarl Snape . " he be possess the snake at the time and so you dream you be inside it too . ... " " and Vol -- he -- realize I be there ? " " it seem so , " say Snape coolly . " how do you know ? " say Harry urgently . " be this just Professor Dumbledore guess , or -- ? " " I tell you , " say Snape , rigid in his chair , his eye slit , " to call me ' sir . ' " " Yes , sir , " say Harry impatiently , " but how do you know -- ? " " it be enough that we know , " say Snape repressively . " the important point be that the Dark Lord be now aware that you be gain access to his thought and feeling . he have also deduce that the process be likely to work in reverse ; that be to say , he have realize that he might be able to access your thought and feeling in return -- " " and he might try and make me do thing ? " ask Harry . " Sir ? " he add hurriedly . " he might , " say Snape , sound cold and unconcerned . " which bring us back to Occlumency . " Snape pull out his wand from an inside pocket of his robe and Harry tense in his chair , but Snape merely raise the wand to his temple and place its tip into the greasy root of his hair . when he withdraw it , some silvery substance come away , stretch from temple to wand like a thick gossamer strand , which break as he pull the wand away from it and fall gracefully into the Pensieve , where it swirl silvery white , neither gas nor liquid . twice more Snape raise the wand to his temple and deposit the silvery substance into the stone basin , then , without offer any explanation of his behavior , he pick up the Pensieve carefully , remove it to a shelf out of their way and return to face Harry with his wand hold at the ready . " stand up and take out your wand , Potter . " Harry get to his foot feel nervous . they face each other with the desk between them . " you may use your wand to attempt to disarm me , or defend yourself in any other way you can think of , " say Snape . " and what be you go to do ? " Harry ask , eye Snape 's wand apprehensively . " I be about to attempt to break into your mind , " say Snape softly . " we be go to see how well you resist . I have be tell that you have already show aptitude at resist the Imperius Curse . ... you will find that similar power be need for this . ... Brace yourself , now . ... Legilimens ! " Snape have strike before Harry be ready , before Harry have even begin to summon any force of resistance : the office swim in front of his eye and vanish , image after image be race through his mind like a flicker film so vivid it blind him to his surroundings . ... he be five , watch Dudley ride a new red bicycle , and his heart be burst with jealousy . ... he be nine , and Ripper the bulldog be chase him up a tree and the Dursley be laugh below on the lawn . ... he be sit under the Sorting Hat , and it be tell him he would do well in Slytherin . ... Hermione be lie in the hospital wing , her face cover with thick black hair . ... a hundred dementors be close in on him beside the dark lake . ... Cho Chang be draw near to him under the mistletoe . ... No , say a voice in Harry 's head , as the memory of Cho draw near , you be not watch that , you be not watch it , it be private - he feel a sharp pain in his knee . Snape 's office have come back into view and he realize that he have fall to the floor ; one of his knee have collide painfully with the leg of Snape 's desk . he look up at Snape , who have lower his wand and be rub his wrist . there be an angry weal there , like a scorch mark . " do you mean to produce a Stinging Hex ? " ask Snape coolly . " no , " say Harry bitterly , get up from the floor . " I think not , " say Snape contemptuously . " you let me get in too far . you lose control . " " do you see everything I see ? " Harry ask , unsure whether he want to hear the answer . " flash of it , " say Snape , his lip curling . " to whom do the dog belong ? " " my Aunt Marge , " Harry mutter , hate Snape . " well , for a first attempt that be not as poor as it might have be , " say Snape , raise his wand once more . " you manage to stop me eventually , though you waste time and energy shouting . you must remain focus . repel me with your brain and you will not need to resort to your wand . " " I be try , " say Harry angrily , " but you be not tell me how ! " " manner , Potter , " say Snape dangerously . " now , I want you to close your eye . " Harry throw him a filthy look before do as he be tell . he do not like the idea of stand there with his eye shut while Snape face him , carry a wand . " clear your mind , Potter , " say Snape 's cold voice . " let go of all emotion . ... " but Harry 's anger at Snape continue to pound through his vein like venom . let go of his anger ? he could as easily detach his leg . ... " you be not do it , Potter . ... you will need more discipline than this . ... Focus , now . ... " Harry try to empty his mind , try not to think , or remember , or feel . ... " let be go again ... on the count of three ... one -- two -- three -- Legilimens ! " a great black dragon be rear in front of him . ... his father and mother be wave at him out of an enchant mirror . ... Cedric Diggory be lie on the ground with blank eye stare at him . ... " NOOOOOOO ! " he be on his knee again , his face bury in his hand , his brain ache as though someone have be try to pull it from his skull . " get up ! " say Snape sharply . " get up ! you be not try , you be make no effort , you be allow me access to memory you fear , hand me weapon ! " Harry stand up again , his heart thump wildly as though he have really just see Cedric dead in the graveyard . Snape look pale than usual , and angry , though not nearly as angry as Harry be . " I -- be -- make -- an -- effort , " he say through clench tooth . " I tell you to empty yourself of emotion ! " " yeah ? well , I be find that hard at the moment , " Harry snarl . " then you will find yourself easy prey for the Dark Lord ! " say Snape savagely . " fool who wear their heart proudly on their sleeve , who can control their emotion , who wallow in sad memory and allow themselves to be provoke this easily -- weak people , in other word -- they stand no chance against his power ! he will penetrate your mind with absurd ease , Potter ! " " I be not weak , " say Harry in a low voice , fury now pump through him so that he think he might attack Snape in a moment . " then prove it ! master yourself ! " spit Snape . " control your anger , discipline your mind ! we shall try again ! get ready , now ! Legilimens ! " he be watch Uncle Vernon hammer the letter box shut . ... a hundred dementors be drift across the lake in the ground toward him . ... he be run along a windowless passage with Mr. Weasley . ... they be draw near to the plain black door at the end of the corridor . ... Harry expect to go through it ... but Mr. Weasley lead him off to the left , down a flight of stone step . ... " I Know ! I Know ! " he be on all four again on Snape 's office floor , his scar be prickle unpleasantly , but the voice that have just issue from his mouth be triumphant . he push himself up again to find Snape stare at him , his wand raise . it look as though , this time , Snape have lift the spell before Harry have even try to fight back . " what happen then , Potter ? " he ask , eye Harry intently . " I see -- I remember , " Harry pant . " I have just realize ... " " realize what ? " ask Snape sharply . Harry do not answer at once ; he be still savor the moment of blind realization as he rub his forehead . ... he have be dream about a windowless corridor end in a lock door for month , without once realize that it be a real place . now , see the memory again , he know that all along he have be dream about the corridor down which he have run with Mr. Weasley on the twelfth of August as they hurry to the courtroom in the Ministry . it be the corridor lead to the Department of Mysteries , and Mr. Weasley have be there the night that he have be attack by Voldemort 's snake . ... he look up at Snape . " what be in the Department of Mysteries ? " " what do you say ? " Snape ask quietly and Harry see , with deep satisfaction , that Snape be unnerve . " I say , what be in the Department of Mysteries , sir ? " Harry say . " and why , " say Snape slowly , " would you ask such a thing ? " " because , " say Harry , watch Snape closely for a reaction , " that corridor I have just see -- I have be dream about it for month -- I have just recognize it -- it lead to the Department of Mysteries ... and I think Voldemort want something from -- " " I have tell you not to say the Dark Lord 's name ! " they glare at each other . Harry 's scar sear again , but he do not care . Snape look agitate . when he speak again he sound as though he be try to appear cool and unconcerned . " there be many thing in the Department of Mysteries , Potter , few of which you would understand and none of which concern you , do I make myself plain ? " " yes , " Harry say , still rub his prickle scar , which be become more painful . " I want you back here same time on Wednesday , and we will continue work then . " " fine , " say Harry . he be desperate to get out of Snape 's office and find Ron and Hermione . " you be to rid your mind of all emotion every night before sleep -- empty it , make it blank and calm , you understand ? " " yes , " say Harry , who be barely listen . " and be warn , Potter ... I shall know if you have not practice ... " " right , " Harry mumble . he pick up his schoolbag , swing it over his shoulder , and hurry toward the office door . as he open it he glance back at Snape , who have his back to Harry and be scoop his own thought out of the Pensieve with the tip of his wand and replace them carefully inside his own head . Harry leave without another word , close the door carefully behind him , his scar still throb painfully . Harry find Ron and Hermione in the library , where they be work on Umbridge 's most recent ream of homework . other student , nearly all of them fifth year , sit at lamp-lit table nearby , nose close to book , quill scratch feverishly , while the sky outside the mullioned window grow steadily black . the only other sound be the slight squeak of one of Madam Pince 's shoe as the librarian prowl the aisle menacingly , breathe down the neck of those touch her precious book . Harry feel shivery ; his scar be still ache , he feel almost feverish . when he sit down opposite Ron and Hermione he catch sight of himself in the window opposite . he be very white , and his scar seem to be show up more clearly than usual . " how do it go ? " Hermione whisper , and then , look concerned , " be you all right , Harry ? " " yeah ... fine ... I dunno , " say Harry impatiently , wince as pain shot through his scar again . " listen ... I have just realize something . ... " and he tell them what he have just see and deduce . " so ... so , be you say ... " whisper Ron , as Madam Pince sweep past , squeak slightly , " that the weapon -- the thing You-Know-Who be after -- be in the Ministry of Magic ? " " in the Department of Mysteries , it be get to be , " Harry whisper . " I see that door when your dad take me down to the courtroom for my hearing and it be definitely the same one he be guard when the snake bit him . " Hermione let out a long , slow sigh . " of course , " she breathe . " of course what ? " say Ron rather impatiently . " Ron , think about it . ... Sturgis Podmore be try to get through a door at the Ministry of Magic . ... it must have be that one , it be too much of a coincidence ! " " how come Sturgis be try to break in when he be on our side ? " say Ron . " well , I do n't know , " Hermione admit . " that be a bit odd . ... " " so what be in the Department of Mysteries ? " Harry ask Ron . " have your dad ever mention anything about it ? " " I know they call the people who work in there ' Unspeakables , ' " say Ron , frown . " because no one really seem to know what they do in there . ... Weird place to have a weapon ... " " it be not weird at all , it make perfect sense , " say Hermione . " it will be something top secret that the Ministry have be develop , I expect . ... Harry , be you sure you be all right ? " for Harry have just run both his hand hard over his forehead as though try to iron it . " yeah ... fine ... " he say , lower his hand , which be tremble . " I just feel a bit ... I do n't like Occlumency much . ... " " I expect anyone would feel shaky if they have have their mind attack over and over again , " say Hermione sympathetically . " look , let be get back to the common room , we will be a bit more comfortable there . ... " but the common room be pack and full of shriek of laughter and excitement ; Fred and George be demonstrate their late bit of joke shop merchandise . " headless hat ! " shout George , as Fred wave a pointed hat decorate with a fluffy pink feather at the watch student . " two Galleons each -- watch Fred , now ! " Fred sweep the hat onto his head , beam . for a second he merely look rather stupid , then both hat and head vanish . several girl scream , but everyone else be roar with laughter . " and off again ! " shout George , and Fred 's hand grope for a moment in what seem to be thin air over his shoulder ; then his head reappear as he sweep the pink-feathered hat from it again . " how do those hat work , then ? " say Hermione , distract from her homework and watch Fred and George . " I mean , obviously it be some kind of Invisibility Spell , but it be rather clever to have extend the field of invisibility beyond the boundary of the charm object . ... I will imagine the charm would n't have a very long life though . ... " Harry do not answer ; he be still feel ill . " I be go to have to do this tomorrow , " he mutter , push the book he have just take out of his bag back inside it . " well , write it in your homework planner then ! " say Hermione encouragingly . " so you do n't forget ! " Harry and Ron exchange look as he reach into his bag , withdraw the planner and open it tentatively . " do n't leave it till later , you big second-rater ! " chide the book as Harry scribble down Umbridge 's homework . Hermione beam at it . " I think I will go to bed , " say Harry , stuff the homework planner back into his bag and make a mental note to drop it in the fire the first opportunity he get . he walk across the common room , dodge George , who try to put a Headless Hat on him , and reach the peace and cool of the stone staircase to the boy ' dormitory . he be feel sick again , just as he have the night he have have the vision of the snake , but think that if he could just lie down for a while he would be all right . he open the door of his dormitory and be one step inside it when he experience pain so severe he think that someone must have slice into the top of his head . he do not know where he be , whether he be stand or lie down , he do not even know his own name . ... maniacal laughter be ring in his ear . ... he be happy than he have be in a very long time . ... Jubilant , ecstatic , triumphant ... a wonderful , wonderful thing have happen . ... " Harry ? harry ! " someone have hit him around the face . the insane laughter be punctuate with a cry of pain . the happiness be drain out of him , but the laughter continue . ... he open his eye and as he do so , he become aware that the wild laughter be come out of his own mouth . the moment he realize this , it die away ; Harry lie pant on the floor , stare up at the ceiling , the scar on his forehead throb horribly . Ron be bend over him , look very worried . " what happen ? " he say . " I ... dunno ... " Harry gasp , sit up again . " he be really happy ... really happy ... " " You-Know-Who be ? " " something good be happen , " mumble Harry . he be shake as badly as he have do after see the snake attack Mr. Weasley and feel very sick . " something he have be hope for . " the word come , just as they have back in the Gryffindor changing room , as though a stranger be speak them through Harry 's mouth , yet he know they be true . he take deep breath , will himself not to vomit all over Ron . he be very glad that Dean and Seamus be not here to watch this time . " Hermione tell me to come and check on you , " say Ron in a low voice , help Harry to his foot . " she say your defense will be low at the moment , after Snape have be fiddle around with your mind . ... still , I suppose it will help in the long run , wo n't it ? " he look doubtfully at Harry as he help him toward bed . Harry nod without any conviction and slump back on his pillow , ache all over from have fall to the floor so often that evening , his scar still prickle painfully . he could not help feel that his first foray into Occlumency have weaken his mind 's resistance rather than strengthen it , and he wonder , with a feeling of great trepidation , what have happen to make Lord Voldemort the happy he have be in fourteen year . the Beetle at Bay Harry 's question be answer the very next morning . when Hermione 's Daily Prophet arrive she smooth it out , gaze for a moment at the front page , and then give a yelp that cause everyone in the vicinity to stare at her . " what ? " say Harry and Ron together . for an answer she spread the newspaper on the table in front of them and point at ten black-and-white photograph that fill the whole of the front page , nine show wizard ' face and the tenth , a witch 's . some of the people in the photograph be silently jeer ; other be tap their finger on the frame of their picture , look insolent . each picture be caption with a name and the crime for which the person have be send to Azkaban . Antonin Dolohov , read the legend beneath a wizard with a long , pale , twisted face who be sneer up at Harry , convict of the brutal murder of Gideon and Fabian Prewett . Augustus Rookwood , say the caption beneath a pockmarked man with greasy hair who be lean against the edge of his picture , look bore , convict of leak Ministry of Magic Secrets to He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named . but Harry 's eye be draw to the picture of the witch . her face have leap out at him the moment he have see the page . she have long , dark hair that look unkempt and straggly in the picture , though he have see it sleek , thick , and shine . she glare up at him through heavily lidded eye , an arrogant , disdainful smile play around her thin mouth . like Sirius , she retain vestige of great good look , but something -- perhaps Azkaban -- have take most of her beauty . Bellatrix Lestrange , convict of the torture and permanent incapacitation of Frank and Alice Longbottom . Hermione nudge Harry and point at the headline over the picture , which Harry , concentrate on Bellatrix , have not yet read . " Black ? " say Harry loudly . " not -- ? " " Shhh ! " whisper Hermione desperately . " not so loud -- just read it ! " the Ministry of Magic announce late last night that there have be a mass breakout from Azkaban . speak to reporter in his private office , Cornelius Fudge , Minister of Magic , confirm that ten high-security prisoner escape in the early hour of yesterday evening , and that he have already inform the Muggle Prime Minister of the dangerous nature of these individual . " we find ourselves , most unfortunately , in the same position we be two and a half year ago when the murderer Sirius Black escape , " say Fudge last night . " nor do we think the two breakout be unrelated . an escape of this magnitude suggest outside help , and we must remember that Black , as the first person ever to break out of Azkaban , would be ideally place to help other follow in his footstep . we think it likely that these individual , who include Black 's cousin , Bellatrix Lestrange , have rally around Black as their leader . we be , however , do all we can to round up the criminal and beg the magical community to remain alert and cautious . on no account should any of these individual be approach . " " there you be , Harry , " say Ron , look awestruck . " that be why he be happy last night . ... " " I do n't believe this , " snarl Harry , " Fudge be blame the breakout on Sirius ? " " what other option do he have ? " say Hermione bitterly . " he can hardly say , ' sorry everyone , Dumbledore warn me this might happen , the Azkaban guard have join Lord Voldemort ' -- stop whimpering , Ron -- ' and now Voldemort 's bad supporter have break out too . ' I mean , he have spend a good six month tell everyone you and Dumbledore be liar , have n't he ? " Hermione rip open the newspaper and begin to read the report inside while Harry look around the Great Hall . he could not understand why his fellow student be not look scared or at least discuss the terrible piece of news on the front page , but very few of them take the newspaper every day like Hermione . there they all be , talk about homework and Quidditch and who know what other rubbish , and outside these wall ten more death eater have swell Voldemort 's rank . ... he glance up at the staff table . it be a different story here : Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall be deep in conversation , both look extremely grave . Professor Sprout have the Prophet prop against a bottle of ketchup and be read the front page with such concentration that she be not notice the gentle drip of egg yolk fall into her lap from her stationary spoon . meanwhile , at the far end of the table , Professor Umbridge be tuck into a bowl of porridge . for once her pouchy toad 's eye be not sweep the Great Hall look for misbehave student . she scowl as she gulp down her food and every now and then she shoot a malevolent glance up the table to where Dumbledore and McGonagall be talk so intently . " oh my -- " say Hermione wonderingly , still stare at the newspaper . " what now ? " say Harry quickly ; he be feel jumpy . " it be ... horrible , " say Hermione , look shake . she fold back page ten of the newspaper and hand it back to Harry and Ron . St. Mungo 's Hospital promise a full inquiry last night after Ministry of Magic worker Broderick Bode , @card@ , be discover dead in his bed , strangle by a potted-plant . healer call to the scene be unable to revive Mr. Bode , who have be injure in a workplace accident some week prior to his death . healer Miriam Strout , who be in charge of Mr. Bode 's ward at the time of the incident , have be suspend on full pay and be unavailable for comment yesterday , but a spokeswizard for the hospital say in a statement , " St. Mungo 's deeply regret the death of Mr. Bode , whose health be improve steadily prior to this tragic accident . " we have strict guideline on the decoration permit on our ward but it appear that Healer Strout , busy over the Christmas period , overlook the danger of the plant on Mr. Bode 's bedside table . as his speech and mobility improve , Healer Strout encourage Mr. Bode to look after the plant himself , unaware that it be not an innocent Flitterbloom , but a cutting of Devil 's Snare , which , when touch by the convalescent Mr. Bode , throttle him instantly . " St. Mungo 's be as yet unable to account for the presence of the plant on the ward and ask any witch or wizard with information to come forward . " " bode ... " say Ron . " Bode . it ring a bell . ... " " we see him , " Hermione whisper . " in St. Mungo 's , remember ? he be in the bed opposite Lockhart 's , just lie there , stare at the ceiling . and we see the Devil 's Snare arrive . she -- the Healer -- say it be a Christmas present . ... " Harry look back at the story . a feeling of horror be rise like bile in his throat . " how come we do n't recognize Devil 's Snare ... ? we have see it before ... we could have stop this from happen ... " " who expect Devil 's Snare to turn up in a hospital disguise as a potted plant ? " say Ron sharply . " it be not our fault , whoever send it to the bloke be to blame ! they must be a real prat , why do n't they check what they be buy ? " " oh come on , Ron ! " say Hermione shakily , " I do n't think anyone could put Devil 's Snare in a pot and not realize it try to kill whoever touch it ? this -- this be murder . ... a clever murder , as well . ... if the plant be send anonymously , how be anyone ever go to find out who do it ? " Harry be not think about Devil 's Snare . he be remember take the lift down to the ninth level of the Ministry on the day of his hearing , and the sallow-faced man who have get in on the Atrium level . " I meet Bode , " he say slowly . " I see him at the Ministry with your dad ... " Ron 's mouth fall open . " I have hear Dad talk about him at home ! he be an unspeakable -- he work in the Department of Mysteries ! " they look at one another for a moment , then Hermione pull the newspaper back toward her , close it , glare for a moment at the picture of the ten escape Death Eaters on the front , then leap to her foot . " where be you go ? " say Ron , startle . " to send a letter , " say Hermione , swing her bag onto her shoulder . " it ... well , I do n't know whether ... but it be worth try ... and I be the only one who can ... " " I hate it when she do that , " grumble Ron as he and Harry get up from the table and make their own , slow way out of the Great Hall . " would it kill her to tell us what she be up to for once ? it will take her about ten more second -- hey , Hagrid ! " Hagrid be stand beside the door into the entrance hall , wait for a crowd of Ravenclaws to pass . he be still as heavily bruise as he have be on the day he have come back from his mission to the giant and there be a new cut right across the bridge of his nose . " all righ ' , you two ? " he say , try to muster a smile but manage only a kind of pained grimace . " be you okay , Hagrid ? " ask Harry , follow him as he lumber after the Ravenclaws . " fine , fine , " say Hagrid with a feeble assumption of airiness ; he wave a hand and narrowly miss concuss a frightened-looking Professor Vector , who be pass . " jus ' busy , yeh know , usual stuff -- lesson ter prepare -- couple o ' salamander get scale rot -- an ' I be on probation , " he mumble . " you be on probation ? " say Ron very loudly , so that many student pass look around curiously . " sorry -- I mean -- you be on probation ? " he whisper . " yeah , " say Hagrid . " ' S'no more'n I expect , ter tell yeh the truth . Yeh migh ' not have pick up on it , bu ' that inspection didn ' go too well , yeh know ... anyway , " he sigh deeply . " Bes ' go an rub a bit more chili powder on them salamander or their tail will be hangin ' off ' em next . See Yeh , Harry ... Ron ... " he trudge away , out the front door and down the stone step into the damp ground . Harry watch him go , wonder how much more bad news he could stand . the fact that Hagrid be now on probation become common knowledge within the school over the next few day , but to Harry 's indignation , hardly anybody appear to be upset about it ; indeed , some people , Draco Malfoy prominent among them , seem positively gleeful . as for the freakish death of an obscure Department of Mysteries employee in St. Mungo 's , Harry , Ron , and Hermione seem to be the only people who know or care . there be only one topic of conversation in the corridor now : the ten escape Death Eaters , whose story have finally filter through the school from those few people who read the newspaper . rumor be fly that some of the convict have be spot in Hogsmeade , that they be suppose to be hide out in the Shrieking Shack and that they be go to break into Hogwarts , just as Sirius Black have do . those who come from Wizarding family have grow up hear the name of these death eater speak with almost as much fear as Voldemort 's ; the crime they have commit during the day of Voldemort 's reign of terror be legendary . there be relative of their victim among the Hogwarts student , who now find themselves the unwilling object of a gruesome sort of reflect fame as they walk the corridor : Susan Bones , who have an uncle , aunt , and cousin who have all die at the hand of one of the ten , say miserably during Herbology that she now have a good idea what it feel like to be Harry . " and I do n't know how you stand it , it be horrible , " she say bluntly , dump far too much dragon manure on her tray of Screechsnap seedling , cause them to wriggle and squeak in discomfort . it be true that Harry be the subject of much renew mutter and point in the corridor these day , yet he think he detect a slight difference in the tone of the whisperer ' voice . they sound curious rather than hostile now , and once or twice he be sure he overhear snatch of conversation that suggest that the speaker be not satisfy with the Prophet 's version of how and why ten Death Eaters have manage to break out of Azkaban fortress . in their confusion and fear , these doubter now seem to be turn to the only other explanation available to them , the one that Harry and Dumbledore have be expound since the previous year . it be not only the student ' mood that have change . it be now quite common to come across two or three teacher converse in low , urgent whisper in the corridor , break off their conversation the moment they see student approach . " they obviously ca n't talk freely in the staffroom anymore , " say Hermione in a low voice , as she , Harry , and Ron pass Professors McGonagall , Flitwick , and Sprout huddle together outside the Charms classroom one day . " not with Umbridge there . " " reckon they know anything new ? " say Ron , gaze back over his shoulder at the three teacher . " if they do , we be not go to hear about it , be we ? " say Harry angrily . " not after Decree ... what number be we on now ? " for new sign have appear on the house notice board the morning after news of the Azkaban breakout : this late decree have be the subject of a great number of joke among the student . Lee Jordan have point out to Umbridge that by the term of the new rule she be not allow to tell Fred and George off for play Exploding Snap in the back of the class . " explode Snap 's get nothing to do with Defense against the Dark Arts , Professor ! that be not information relate to your subject ! " when Harry next see Lee , the back of his hand be bleed rather badly . Harry recommend essence of murtlap . Harry have think that the breakout from Azkaban might have humble Umbridge a little , that she might have be abash at the catastrophe that have occur right under her beloved Fudge 's nose . it seem , however , to have only intensify her furious desire to bring every aspect of life at Hogwarts under her personal control . she seem determine at the very least to achieve a sacking before long , and the only question be whether it would be Professor Trelawney or Hagrid who go first . every single Divination and Care of Magical Creatures lesson be now conduct in the presence of Umbridge and her clipboard . she lurk by the fire in the heavily perfume tower room , interrupt Professor Trelawney 's increasingly hysterical talk with difficult question about Ornithomancy and Heptomology , insist that she predict student ' answer before they give them and demand that she demonstrate her skill at the crystal ball , the tea leave , and the rune stone in turn . Harry think that Professor Trelawney might soon crack under the strain ; several time he pass her in the corridor ( in itself a very unusual occurrence as she generally remain in her tower room ) , mutter wildly to herself , wring her hand , and shoot terrify glance over her shoulder , all the time give off a powerful smell of cooking sherry . if he have not be so worry about Hagrid , he would have feel sorry for her -- but if one of them be to be oust out of a job , there could be only one choice for Harry as to who should remain . unfortunately , Harry could not see that Hagrid be put up a good show than Trelawney . though he seem to be follow Hermione 's advice and have show them nothing more frightening than a crup , a creature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier except for its forked tail , since before Christmas , he also seem to have lose his nerve . he be oddly distract and jumpy in lesson , lose the thread of what he be say while talk to the class , answer question wrongly and glance anxiously at Umbridge all the time . he be also more distant with Harry , Ron , and Hermione than he have ever be before , expressly forbid them to visit him after dark . " if she catch yeh , it will be all of our neck on the line , " he tell them flatly , and with no desire to do anything that jeopardize his job further , they abstain from walk down to his hut in the evening . it seem to Harry that Umbridge be steadily deprive him of everything that make his life at Hogwarts worth living : visit to Hagrid 's house , letter from Sirius , his Firebolt , and Quidditch . he take his revenge the only way he have : redouble his effort for the D.A. Harry be please to see that all of them , even Zacharias Smith , have be spur to work harder than ever by the news that ten more death eater be now on the loose , but in nobody be this improvement more pronounced than in Neville . the news of his parent ' attacker 's escape have wrought a strange and even slightly alarming change in him . he have not once mention his meeting with Harry , Ron , and Hermione on the closed ward in St. Mungo 's , and take their lead from him , they have keep quiet about it too . nor have he say anything on the subject of Bellatrix and her fellow torturer ' escape ; in fact , he barely speak during D.A. meeting anymore , but work relentlessly on every new jinx and countercurse Harry teach them , his plump face screw up in concentration , apparently indifferent to injury or accident , work hard than anyone else in the room . he be improve so fast it be quite unnerve and when Harry teach them the Shield Charm , a means of deflect minor jinx so that they rebound upon the attacker , only Hermione master the charm faster than Neville . in fact Harry would have give a great deal to be make as much progress at Occlumency as Neville be make during D.A. meeting . Harry 's session with Snape , which have start badly enough , be not improve ; on the contrary , Harry feel he be get bad with every lesson . before he have start study Occlumency , his scar have prickle occasionally , usually during the night , or else follow one of those strange flash of Voldemort 's thought or mood that he experience every now and then . nowadays , however , his scar hardly ever stop prickle , and he often feel lurch of annoyance or cheerfulness that be unrelated to what be happen to him at the time , which be always accompany by a particularly painful twinge from his scar . he have the horrible impression that he be slowly turn into a kind of aerial that be tune in to tiny fluctuation in Voldemort 's mood , and he be sure he could date this increase sensitivity firmly from his first Occlumency lesson with Snape . what be more , he be now dream about walk down the corridor toward the entrance to the Department of Mysteries almost every night , dream that always culminate in him stand longingly in front of the plain black door . " maybe it be a bit like an illness , " say Hermione , look concerned when Harry confide in her and Ron . " a fever or something . it have to get bad before it get good . " " it be lesson with Snape that be make it bad , " say Harry flatly . " I be get sick of my scar hurt , and I be get bored walk down that corridor every night . " he rub his forehead angrily . " I just wish the door would open , I be sick of standing stare at it -- " " that be not funny , " say Hermione sharply . " Dumbledore do n't want you to have dream about that corridor at all , or he would n't have ask Snape to teach you Occlumency . you be just go to have to work a bit harder in your lesson . " " I be work ! " say Harry , nettle . " you try it sometime , Snape try to get inside your head , it be not a bundle of laugh , you know ! " " maybe ... " say Ron slowly . " maybe what ? " say Hermione rather snappishly . " maybe it be not Harry 's fault he ca n't close his mind , " say Ron darkly . " what do you mean ? " say Hermione . " well , maybe Snape be n't really try to help Harry . ... " Harry and Hermione stare at him . Ron look darkly and meaningfully from one to the other . " maybe , " he say again in a low voice , " he be actually try to open Harry 's mind a bit wider ... make it easy for You-Know -- " " Shut up , Ron , " say Hermione angrily . " how many time have you suspect Snape , and when have you ever be right ? Dumbledore trust him , he work for the order , that ought to be enough . " " he use to be a Death Eater , " say Ron stubbornly . " and we have never see proof that he really swap side . ... " " Dumbledore trust him , " Hermione repeat . " and if we ca n't trust Dumbledore , we ca n't trust anyone . " with so much to worry about and so much to do -- startling amount of homework that frequently keep the fifth year work until past midnight , secret D.A. meeting , and regular class with Snape -- January seem to be pass alarmingly fast . before Harry know it , February have arrive , bring with it wet and warm weather and the prospect of the second Hogsmeade visit of the year . Harry have have very little time to spare on conversation with Cho since they have agree to visit the village together , but suddenly find himself face a valentine 's day spend entirely in her company . on the morning of the fourteenth he dress particularly carefully . he and Ron arrive at breakfast just in time for the arrival of the post owl . Hedwig be not there -- not that he have expect her -- but Hermione be tug a letter from the beak of an unfamiliar brown owl as they sit down . " and about time ! if it have n't come today ... " she say eagerly , tear open the envelope and pull out a small piece of parchment . her eye speed from leave to right as she read through the message and a grimly pleased expression spread across her face . " listen , Harry , " she say , look up at him . " this be really important . ... do you think you could meet me in the three Broomsticks around midday ? " " well ... I dunno , " say Harry dubiously . " Cho might be expect me to spend the whole day with her . we never say what we be go to do . " " well , bring her along if you must , " say Hermione urgently . " but will you come ? " " well ... all right , but why ? " " I have n't get time to tell you now , I have get to answer this quickly -- " and she hurry out of the Great Hall , the letter clutch in one hand and a piece of uneaten toast in the other . " be you come ? " Harry ask Ron , but he shake his head , look glum . " I ca n't come into Hogsmeade at all , Angelina want a full day 's training . like it be go to help -- we be the bad team I have ever see . you should see sloper and Kirke , they be pathetic , even bad than I be . " he heave a great sigh . " I dunno why Angelina wo n't just let me resign . ... " " it be because you be good when you be on form , that be why , " say Harry irritably . he find it very hard to be sympathetic to Ron 's plight when he himself would have give almost anything to be play in the forthcoming match against Hufflepuff . Ron seem to notice Harry 's tone , because he do not mention Quidditch again during breakfast , and there be a slight frostiness in the way they say good-bye to each other shortly afterward . Ron depart for the Quidditch pitch and Harry , after attempt to flatten his hair while stare at his reflection in the back of a teaspoon , proceed alone to the entrance hall to meet Cho , feel very apprehensive and wonder what on earth they be go to talk about . she be wait for him a little to the side of the oak front door , look very pretty with her hair tie back in a long ponytail . Harry 's foot seem to be too big for his body as he walk toward her , and he be suddenly horribly aware of his arm and how stupid they look swing at his side . " hi , " say Cho slightly breathlessly . " hi , " say Harry . they stare at each other for a moment , then Harry say , " well -- er -- shall we go , then ? " " oh -- yes ... " they join the queue of people be sign out by Filch , occasionally catch each other 's eye and grin shiftily , but not talk to each other . Harry be relieve when they reach the fresh air , find it easy to walk along in silence than just stand there look awkward . it be a fresh , breezy sort of day and as they pass the Quidditch stadium , Harry glimpse Ron and Ginny skim over the stand and feel a horrible pang that he be not up there with them . ... " you really miss it , do n't you ? " say Cho . he look around and see her watch him . " yeah , " sigh Harry . " I do . " " remember the first time we play against each other , in the third year ? " she ask him . " yeah , " say Harry , grin . " you keep block me . " " and Wood tell you not to be a gentleman and knock me off my broom if you have to , " say Cho , smile reminiscently . " I hear he get take on by Pride of Portree , be that right ? " " Nah , it be Puddlemere United , I see him at the World Cup last year . " " oh , I see you there too , remember ? we be on the same campsite . it be really good , be n't it ? " the subject of the Quidditch World Cup carry them all the way down the drive and out through the gate . Harry could hardly believe how easy it be to talk to her , no more difficult , in fact , than talk to Ron and Hermione , and he be just start to feel confident and cheerful when a large gang of Slytherin girl pass them , include Pansy Parkinson . " Potter and Chang ! " screech Pansy to a chorus of snide giggle . " urgh , Chang , I do n't think much of your taste . ... at least Diggory be good-looking ! " they speed up , talk and shriek in a pointed fashion with many exaggerated glance back at Harry and Cho , leave an embarrassed silence in their wake . Harry could think of nothing else to say about Quidditch , and Cho , slightly flush , be watch her foot . " so ... where d'you want to go ? " Harry ask as they enter Hogsmeade . the High Street be full of student amble up and down , peer into the shop window and mess about together on the pavement . " oh ... I do n't mind , " say Cho , shrug . " Um ... shall we just have a look in the shop or something ? " they wander toward Dervish and Banges . a large poster have be stick up in the window and a few Hogsmeaders be look at it . they move aside when Harry and Cho approach and Harry find himself stare once more at the ten picture of the escape death eater . the poster ( " by order of the Ministry of Magic " ) offer a thousand-Galleon reward to any witch or wizard with information relate to the recapture of any of the convict picture . " it be funny , be n't it , " say Cho in a low voice , also gaze up at the picture of the Death Eaters . " remember when that Sirius Black escape , and there be dementors all over Hogsmeade look for him ? and now ten death eater be on the loose and there be n't de-mentors anywhere . ... " " Yeah , " say Harry , tear his eye away from Bellatrix Lestrange 's face to glance up and down the High Street . " yeah , it be weird . ... " he be not sorry that there be no dementors nearby , but now he come to think of it , their absence be highly significant . they have not only let the Death Eaters escape , they be not bother to look for them . ... it look as though they really be outside Ministry control now . the ten escape Death Eaters be stare out of every shop window he and Cho pass . it start to rain as they pass Scrivenshaft 's ; cold , heavy drop of water keep hit Harry 's face and the back of his neck . " Um ... d'you want to get a coffee ? " say Cho tentatively , as the rain begin to fall more heavily . " yeah , all right , " say Harry , look around . " where -- ? " " oh , there be a really nice place just up here , have n't you ever be to Madam Puddifoot 's ? " she say brightly , and she lead him up a side road and into a small tea shop that Harry have never notice before . it be a cramped , steamy little place where everything seem to have be decorate with frill or bow . Harry be remind unpleasantly of Umbridge 's office . " cute , be n't it ? " say Cho happily . " er ... yeah , " say Harry untruthfully . " look , she have decorate it for Valentine 's day ! " say Cho , indicate a number of golden cherub that be hover over each of the small , circular table , occasionally throw pink confetti over the occupant . " aaah ... " they sit down at the last remain table , which be situate in the steamy window . Roger Davies , the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain , be sit about a foot and a half away with a pretty blonde girl . they be hold hand . the sight make Harry feel uncomfortable , particularly when , look around the tea shop , he see that it be full of nothing but couple , all of them hold hand . perhaps Cho would expect him to hold her hand . " what can I get you , m'dears ? " say Madam Puddifoot , a very stout woman with a shiny black bun , squeeze between their table and Roger Davies 's with great difficulty . " two coffee , please , " say Cho . in the time it take for their coffee to arrive , Roger Davies and his girlfriend start kiss over their sugar bowl . Harry wish they would n't ; he feel that Davies be set a standard with which Cho would soon expect him to compete . he feel his face grow hot and try stare out of the window , but it be so steam up he could not see the street outside . to postpone the moment when he have to look at Cho he stare up at the ceiling as though examine the paintwork and receive a handful of confetti in the face from their hover cherub . after a few more painful minute Cho mention Umbridge ; Harry seize on the subject with relief and they pass a few happy moment abuse her , but the subject have already be so thoroughly canvass during D.A. meeting it do not last very long . silence fall again . Harry be very conscious of the slurp noise come from the table next door and cast wildly around for something else to say . " er ... listen , d'you want to come with me to the three Broomsticks at lunchtime ? I be meet Hermione Granger there . " Cho raise her eyebrow . " you be meet Hermione Granger ? today ? " " yeah . well , she ask me to , so I think I would . D'you want to come with me ? she say it would n't matter if you do . " " oh ... well ... that be nice of her . " but Cho do not sound as though she think it be nice at all ; on the contrary , her tone be cold and all of a sudden she look rather forbidding . a few more minute pass in total silence , Harry drink his coffee so fast that he would soon need a fresh cup . next door , Roger Davies and his girlfriend seem glue together by the lip . Cho 's hand be lie on the table beside her coffee , and Harry be feel a mount pressure to take hold of it . just do it , he tell himself , as a fount of mingle panic and excitement surge up inside his chest . just reach out and grab it . ... amazing how much more difficult it be to extend his arm twelve inch and touch her hand than to snatch a speeding Snitch from midair ... but just as he move his hand forward , Cho take hers off the table . she be now watch Roger Davies kiss his girlfriend with a mildly interested expression . " he ask me out , you know , " she say in a quiet voice . " a couple of week ago . Roger . I turn him down , though . " Harry , who have grab the sugar bowl to excuse his sudden lunge movement across the table , could not think why she be tell him this . if she wish she be sit at the table next door be heartily kiss by Roger Davies , why have she agree to come out with him ? he say nothing . their cherub throw another handful of confetti over them ; some of it land in the last cold dreg of coffee Harry have be about to drink . " I come in here with Cedric last year , " say Cho . in the second or so it take for him to take in what she have say , Harry 's inside have become glacial . he could not believe she want to talk about Cedric now , while kissing couple surround them and a cherub float over their head . Cho 's voice be rather high when she speak again . " I have be mean to ask you for age . ... do Cedric -- do he m-m-mention me at all before he die ? " this be the very last subject on earth Harry want to discuss , and least of all with Cho . " well -- no -- " he say quietly . " there -- there be n't time for him to say anything . erm ... so ... d'you ... d'you get to see a lot of Quidditch in the holiday ? you support the Tornados , right ? " his voice sound falsely bright and cheery . to his horror , he see that her eye be swim with tear again , just as they have be after the last D.A. meeting before Christmas . " look , " he say desperately , lean in so that nobody else could overhear , " let be not talk about Cedric right now . ... Let 's talk about something else . ... " but this , apparently , be quite the wrong thing to say . " I think , " she say , tear spatter down onto the table . " I think you will u-u-understand ! I need to talk about it ! surely you n-need to talk about it t-too ! I mean , you see it happen , d-did n't you ? " everything be go nightmarishly wrong ; Roger Davies ' girlfriend have even unglued herself to look around at Cho cry . " well -- I have talk about it , " Harry say in a whisper , " to Ron and Hermione , but -- " " oh , you will talk to Hermione Granger ! " she say shrilly , her face now shine with tear , and several more kissing couple break apart to stare . " but you wo n't talk to me ! P-perhaps it would be good if we just ... just p-paid and you go and meet up with Hermione G-Granger , like you obviously want to ! " Harry stare at her , utterly bewilder , as she seize a frilly napkin and dab at her shine face with it . " Cho ? " he say weakly , wish Roger would seize his girlfriend and start kiss her again to stop her goggle at him and Cho . " go on , leave ! " she say , now cry into the napkin . " I do n't know why you ask me out in the first place if you be go to make arrangement to meet other girl right after me . ... how many be you meet after Hermione ? " " it be not like that ! " say Harry , and he be so relieve at finally understand what she be annoy about that he laugh , which he realize a split second too late be a mistake . Cho spring to her foot . the whole tearoom be quiet , and everybody be watch them now . " I will see you around , Harry , " she say dramatically , and hiccup slightly she dash to the door , wrench it open , and hurry off into the pour rain . " Cho ! " Harry call after her , but the door have already swing shut behind her with a tuneful tinkle . there be total silence within the tea shop . every eye be upon Harry . he throw a Galleon down onto the table , shake pink confetti out of his eye , and follow Cho out of the door . it be rain hard now , and she be nowhere to be see . he simply do not understand what have happen ; half an hour ago they have be get along fine . " woman ! " he mutter angrily , slosh down the rain-washed street with his hand in his pocket . " what do she want to talk about Cedric for anyway ? why do she always want to drag up a subject that make her act like a human hosepipe ? " he turn right and break into a splashy run , and within minute he be turn into the doorway of the three Broomsticks . he know he be too early to meet Hermione , but he think it likely there would be someone in here with whom he could spend the intervene time . he shake his wet hair out of his eye and look around . Hagrid be sit alone in a corner , look morose . " hi , Hagrid ! " he say , when he have squeeze through the cram table and pull up a chair beside him . Hagrid jump and look down at Harry as though he barely recognize him . Harry see that he have two fresh cut on his face and several new bruise . " oh , it be you , Harry , " say Hagrid . " you all righ ' ? " " yeah , I be fine , " lie Harry ; in fact , next to this battered and mournful-looking Hagrid , he feel he do not have much to complain about . " er -- be you okay ? " " me ? " say Hagrid . " oh yeah , I be grand , Harry , grand . ... " he gaze into the depth of his pewter tankard , which be the size of a large bucket , and sigh . Harry do not know what to say to him . they sit side by side in silence for a moment . then Hagrid say abruptly , " in the same boat , you an ' me , Aren ' we , Harry ? " " er -- " say Harry . " yeah ... I have say it before . ... both outsider , like , " say Hagrid , nod wisely . " an ' both orphan . yeah ... both orphan . " he take a great swig from his tankard . " make a diff'rence , havin ' a decent family , " he say . " me dad be decent . an ' your mum an ' dad be decent . if they have live , life woulda bin diff'rent , eh ? " " yeah ... I s'pose , " say Harry cautiously . Hagrid seem to be in a very strange mood . " family , " say Hagrid gloomily . " whatever yeh say , blood be important . ... " and he wipe a trickle of it out of his eye . " Hagrid , " say Harry , unable to stop himself , " where be you get all these injury ? " " Eh ? " say Hagrid , look startle . " Wha ' injury ? " " all those ! " say Harry , point at Hagrid 's face . " oh ... tha 's jus ' normal bump an ' bruise , Harry , " say Hagrid dismissively . " I get a rough job . " he drain his tankard , set it back upon the table , and get to his foot . " I will be seein ' Yeh , Harry . ... take care now . ... " and he lumber out of the pub look wretched and then disappear into the torrential rain . Harry watch him go , feel miserable . Hagrid be unhappy and he be hide something , but he seem determine not to accept help . what be go on ? but before Harry could think about the matter any further , he hear a voice call his name . " Harry ! Harry , over here ! " Hermione be wave at him from the other side of the room . he get up and make his way toward her through the crowded pub . he be still a few table away when he realize that Hermione be not alone ; she be sit at a table with the unlikely pair of drink mate he could ever have imagine : Luna Lovegood and none other than Rita Skeeter , ex-journalist on the Daily Prophet and one of Hermione 's least favorite people in the world . " you be early ! " say Hermione , move along to give him room to sit down . " I think you be with Cho , I be n't expect you for another hour at least ! " " Cho ? " say Rita at once , twist around in her seat to stare avidly at Harry . " a girl ? " she snatch up her crocodile-skin handbag and grope within it . " it be none of your business if Harry have be with a hundred girl , " Hermione tell Rita coolly . " so you can put that away right now . " Rita have be on the point of withdraw an acid-green quill from her bag . look as though she have be force to swallow Stinksap , she snap her bag shut again . " what be you up to ? " Harry ask , sit down and stare from Rita to Luna to Hermione . " Little Miss Perfect be just about to tell me when you arrive , " say Rita , take a large slurp of her drink . " I suppose I be allow to talk to him , be I ? " she shoot at Hermione . " yes , I suppose you be , " say Hermione coldly . unemployment do not suit Rita . the hair that have once be set in elaborate curl now hang lank and unkempt around her face . the scarlet paint on her two-inch talon be chip and there be a couple of false jewel miss from her wing glass . she take another great gulp of her drink and say out of the corner of her mouth , " Pretty girl , be she , Harry ? " " one more word about Harry 's love life and the deal 's off and that be a promise , " say Hermione irritably . " what deal ? " say Rita , wipe her mouth on the back of her hand . " you have n't mention a deal yet , Miss Prissy , you just tell me to turn up . oh , one of these day ... " she take a deep shudder breath . " yes , yes , one of these day you will write more horrible story about Harry and me , " say Hermione indifferently . " find someone who care , why do n't you ? " " they have run plenty of horrible story about Harry this year without my help , " say Rita , shoot a sideways look at him over the top of her glass and add in a rough whisper , " how have that make you feel , Harry ? betray ? distraught ? misunderstand ? " " he feel angry , of course , " say Hermione in a hard , clear voice . " because he have tell the Minister of Magic the truth and the Minister 's too much of an idiot to believe him . " " so you actually stick to it , do you , that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named be back ? " say Rita , lower her glass and subject Harry to a piercing stare while her finger stray longingly to the clasp of the crocodile bag . " you stand by all this garbage Dumbledore have be tell everybody about You-Know-Who return and you be the sole witness -- ? " " I be n't the sole witness , " snarl Harry . " there be a dozen-odd death eater there as well . want their name ? " " I will love them , " breathe Rita , now fumble in her bag once more and gaze at him as though he be the most beautiful thing she have ever see . " a great bold headline : ' Potter Accuses ... ' a subheading : ' Harry Potter Names Death Eaters still among us . ' and then , beneath a nice big photograph of you : ' disturbed teenage survivor of You-Know-Who 's attack , Harry Potter , @card@ , cause outrage yesterday by accuse respectable and prominent member of the Wizarding community of be death eater . ... ' " the Quick-Quotes Quill be actually in her hand and halfway to her mouth when the rapturous expression die out of her face . " but of course , " she say , lower the quill and look dagger at Hermione , " Little Miss Perfect would n't want that story out there , would she ? " " as a matter of fact , " say Hermione sweetly , " that be exactly what Little Miss Perfect do want . " Rita stare at her . so do Harry . Luna , on the other hand , sing , " Weasley be Our King " dreamily under her breath and stir her drink with a cocktail onion on a stick . " you want me to report what he say about He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ? " Rita ask Hermione in a hush voice . " yes , I do , " say Hermione . " the true story . all the fact . exactly as Harry report them . he will give you all the detail , he will tell you the name of the undiscovered death eater he see there , he will tell you what Voldemort look like now -- oh , get a grip on yourself , " she add contemptuously , throw a napkin across the table , for at the sound of Voldemort 's name , Rita have jump so badly that she have slop half her glass of firewhisky down herself . Rita blot the front of her grubby raincoat , still stare at Hermione . then she say baldly , " the Prophet would n't print it . in case you have n't notice , nobody believe his cock-and-bull story . everyone think he be delusional . now , if you let me write the story from that angle -- " " we do n't need another story about how Harry have lose his marble ! " say Hermione angrily . " we have have plenty of those already , thank you ! I want him give the opportunity to tell the truth ! " " there be no market for a story like that , " say Rita coldly . " you mean the Prophet wo n't print it because Fudge wo n't let them , " say Hermione irritably . Rita give Hermione a long , hard look . then , lean forward across the table toward her , she say in a businesslike tone , " all right , Fudge be lean on the Prophet , but it come to the same thing . they wo n't print a story that show Harry in a good light . nobody want to read it . it be against the public mood . this last Azkaban breakout have get people quite worry enough . people just do n't want to believe You-Know-Who 's back . " " so the Daily Prophet exist to tell people what they want to hear , do it ? " say Hermione scathingly . Rita sit up straight again , her eyebrow raise , and drain her glass of firewhisky . " the Prophet exist to sell itself , you silly girl , " she say coldly . " my dad think it be an awful paper , " say Luna , chip into the conversation unexpectedly . suck on her cocktail onion , she gaze at Rita with her enormous , protuberant , slightly mad eye . " he publish important story that he think the public need to know . he do n't care about make money . " Rita look disparagingly at Luna . " I be guess your father run some stupid little village newsletter ? " she say . " ' Twenty-five Ways to Mingle with Muggles ' and the date of the next Bring-and-Fly sale ? " " no , " say Luna , dip her onion back into her gillywater , " he be the editor of the Quibbler . " Rita snort so loudly that people at a nearby table look around in alarm . " ' important story he think the public need to know ' ? " she say witheringly . " I could manure my garden with the content of that rag . " " well , this be your chance to raise the tone of it a bit , be n't it ? " say Hermione pleasantly . " Luna say her father be quite happy to take Harry 's interview . that be who will be publish it . " Rita stare at them both for a moment and then let out a great whoop of laughter . " the Quibbler ! " she say , cackle . " you think people will take him seriously if he be publish in the Quibbler ? " " some people wo n't , " say Hermione in a level voice . " but the Daily Prophet 's version of the Azkaban breakout have some gape hole in it . I think a lot of people will be wonder whether there be n't a good explanation of what happen , and if there be an alternative story available , even if it be publish in a " -- she glance sideways at Luna , " in a -- well , an unusual magazine -- I think they might be rather keen to read it . " Rita do not say anything for a while , but eye Hermione shrewdly , her head a little to one side . " all right , let be say for a moment I will do it , " she say abruptly . " what kind of fee be I go to get ? " " I do n't think Daddy exactly pay people to write for the magazine , " say Luna dreamily . " they do it because it be an honor , and , of course , to see their name in print . " Rita Skeeter look as though the taste of Stinksap be strong in her mouth again as she round on Hermione . " I be suppose to do this for free ? " " well , yes , " say Hermione calmly , take a sip of her drink . " otherwise , as you very well know , I will inform the authority that you be an unregistered Animagus . of course , the Prophet might give you rather a lot for an insider 's account of life in Azkaban . ... " Rita look as though she would have like nothing well than to seize the paper umbrella stick out of Hermione 's drink and thrust it up her nose . " I do n't suppose I have get any choice , have I ? " say Rita , her voice shake slightly . she open her crocodile bag once more , withdraw a piece of parchment , and raise her Quick-Quotes Quill . " daddy will be please , " say Luna brightly . a muscle twitch in Rita 's jaw . " okay , Harry ? " say Hermione , turn to him . " ready to tell the public the truth ? " " I suppose , " say Harry , watch Rita balance the Quick-Quotes Quill at the ready on the parchment between them . " fire away , then , Rita , " say Hermione serenely , fish a cherry out of the bottom of her glass . see and Unforeseen Luna say vaguely that she do not know how soon Rita 's interview with Harry would appear in the Quibbler , that her father be expect a lovely long article on recent sighting of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks . " and , of course , that will be a very important story , so Harry 's might have to wait for the follow issue , " say Luna . Harry have not find it an easy experience to talk about the night when Voldemort have return . Rita have press him for every little detail , and he have give her everything he could remember , know that this be his one big opportunity to tell the world the truth . he wonder how people would react to the story . he guess that it would confirm a lot of people in the view that he be completely insane , not least because his story would be appear alongside utter rubbish about Crumple-Horned Snorkacks . but the breakout of Bellatrix Lestrange and her fellow Death Eaters have give Harry a burning desire to do something , whether it work or not . ... " can n't wait to see what Umbridge think of you go public , " say Dean , sound awestruck at dinner on Monday night . Seamus be shovel down large amount of chicken-and-ham pie on Dean 's other side , but Harry know he be listen . " it be the right thing to do , Harry , " say Neville , who be sit opposite him . he be rather pale , but go on in a low voice , " it must have be ... tough ... talk about it . ... be it ? " " yeah , " mumble Harry , " but people have get to know what Voldemort be capable of , have n't they ? " " that be right , " say Neville , nod , " and his death eater too ... people should know . ... " Neville leave his sentence hanging and return to his bake potato . Seamus look up , but when he catch Harry 's eye he look quickly back at his plate again . after a while Dean , Seamus , and Neville depart for the common room , leave Harry and Hermione at the table wait for Ron , who have not yet have dinner because of Quidditch practice . Cho Chang walk into the hall with her friend Marietta . Harry 's stomach give an unpleasant lurch , but she do not look over at the Gryffindor table and sit down with her back to him . " oh , I forget to ask you , " say Hermione brightly , glance over at the Ravenclaw table , " what happen on your date with Cho ? how come you be back so early ? " " er ... well , it be ... " say Harry , pull a dish of rhubarb crumble toward him and help himself to second , " a complete fiasco , now you mention it . " and he tell her what have happen in Madam Puddifoot 's Tea Shop . " ... so then , " he finish several minute later , as the final bit of crumble disappear , " she jump up , right , and say ' I will see you around , Harry , ' and run out of the place ! " he put down his spoon and look at Hermione . " I mean , what be all that about ? what be go on ? " Hermione glance over at the back of Cho 's head and sigh . " oh , Harry , " she say sadly . " well , I be sorry , but you be a bit tactless . " " me , tactless ? " say Harry , outrage . " one minute we be get on fine , next minute she be tell me that Roger Davies ask her out , and how she use to go and snog Cedric in that stupid tea shop -- how be I suppose to feel about that ? " " well , you see , " say Hermione , with the patient air of one explain that one plus one equal two to an overemotional toddler , " you should n't have tell her that you want to meet me halfway through your date . " " but , but , " splutter Harry , " but -- you tell me to meet you at twelve and to bring her along , how be I suppose to do that without tell her -- ? " " you should have tell her differently " say Hermione , still with that maddeningly patient air . " you should have say it be really annoy , but I have make you promise to come along to the three Broomsticks , and you really do n't want to go , you will much rather spend the whole day with her , but unfortunately you think you really ought to meet me and would she please , please come along with you , and hopefully you will be able to get away more quickly ? and it might have be a good idea to mention how ugly you think I be too , " Hermione add as an afterthought . " but I do n't think you be ugly , " say Harry , bemuse . Hermione laugh . " Harry , you be bad than Ron . ... well , no , you be not , " she sigh , as Ron himself come stump into the Hall splatter with mud and look grumpy . " look -- you upset Cho when you say you be go to meet me , so she try to make you jealous . it be her way of try to find out how much you like her . " " be that what she be do ? " say Harry as Ron drop onto the bench opposite them and pull every dish within reach toward himself . " well , would n't it have be easy if she have just ask me whether I like her good than you ? " " girl do n't often ask question like that , " say Hermione . " well , they should ! " say Harry forcefully . " then I could have just tell her I fancy her , and she would n't have have to get herself all work up again about Cedric die ! " " I be not say what she do be sensible , " say Hermione , as Ginny join them , just as muddy as Ron and look equally disgruntled . " I be just try to make you see how she be feel at the time . " " you should write a book , " Ron tell Hermione as he cut up his potato , " translate mad thing girl do so boy can understand them . " " yeah , " say Harry fervently , look over at the Ravenclaw table . Cho have just get up ; still not look at him , she leave the Great Hall . feel rather depressed , he look back at Ron and Ginny . " so , how be Quidditch practice ? " " it be a nightmare , " say Ron in a surly voice . " oh come on , " say Hermione , look at Ginny , " I be sure it be n't that -- " " Yes , it be , " say Ginny . " it be appalling . Angelina be nearly in tear by the end of it . " Ron and Ginny go off for bath after dinner ; Harry and Hermione return to the busy Gryffindor common room and their usual pile of homework . Harry have be struggle with a new star chart for Astronomy for half an hour when Fred and George turn up . " Ron and Ginny not here ? " ask Fred , look around as he pull up a chair and , when Harry shake his head , he say , " good . we be watch their practice . they be go to be slaughter . they be complete rubbish without us . " " come on , Ginny 's not bad , " say George fairly , sit down next to Fred . " actually , I dunno how she get so good , see how we never let her play with us . ... " " she have be break into your broom shed in the garden since the age of six and take each of your broom out in turn when you be n't look , " say Hermione from behind her totter pile of Ancient Rune book . " oh , " say George , look mildly impressed . " well -- that will explain it . " " have Ron save a goal yet ? " ask Hermione , peer over the top of Magical Hieroglyphs and Logograms . " well , he can do it if he do n't think anyone be watch him , " say Fred , roll his eye . " so all we have to do be ask the crowd to turn their back and talk among themselves every time the Quaffle go up his end on Saturday . " he get up again and move restlessly to the window , stare out across the dark ground . " you know , Quidditch be about the only thing in this place worth stay for . " Hermione cast him a stern look . " you have get exam come ! " " tell you already , we be not fuss about N.E.W.T.s , " say Fred . " the Snackboxes be ready to roll , we find out how to get rid of those boil , just a couple of drop of murtlap essence sort them , Lee put us onto it . ... " George yawn widely and look out disconsolately at the cloudy night sky . " I dunno if I even want to watch this match . if Zacharias Smith beat us I might have to kill myself . " " kill him , more like , " say Fred firmly . " that be the trouble with Quidditch , " say Hermione absentmindedly , once again bent over her Rune translation , " it create all this bad feeling and tension between the house . " she look up to find her copy of Spellman 's Syllabary and catch Fred , George , and Harry look at her with expression of mingle disgust and incredulity on their face . " well , it do ! " she say impatiently . " it be only a game , be n't it ? " " Hermione , " say Harry , shake his head , " you be good on feeling and stuff , but you just do n't understand about Quidditch . " " maybe not , " she say darkly , return to her translation again , " but at least my happiness do n't depend on Ron 's goalkeeping ability . " and though Harry would rather have jump off the Astronomy Tower than admit it to her , by the time he have watch the game the follow Saturday he would have give any number of Galleons not to care about Quidditch either . the very good thing you could say about the match be that it be short ; the Gryffindor spectator have to endure only twenty-two minute of agony . it be hard to say what the bad thing be : Harry think it be a close-run contest between Ron 's fourteenth fail save , sloper miss the Bludger but hit Angelina in the mouth with his bat , and Kirke shriek and fall backward off his broom as Zacharias Smith zoom at him carry the Quaffle . the miracle be that Gryffindor only lose by ten point : Ginny manage to snatch the Snitch from right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerby 's nose , so that the final score be two hundred and forty versus two hundred and thirty . " good catch , " Harry tell Ginny back in the common room , where the atmosphere closely resemble that of a particularly dismal funeral . " I be lucky , " she shrug . " it be n't a very fast Snitch and Summerby 's get a cold , he sneeze and close his eye at exactly the wrong moment . anyway , once you be back on the team -- " " Ginny , I have get a lifelong ban . " " you be ban as long as Umbridge be in the school , " Ginny correct him . " there be a difference . anyway , once you be back , I think I will try out for Chaser . Angelina and Alicia be both leave next year and I prefer goal-scoring to seek anyway . " Harry look over at Ron , who be hunch in a corner , stare at his knee , a bottle of butterbeer clutch in his hand . " Angelina still wo n't let him resign , " Ginny say , as though read Harry 's mind . " she say she know he have get it in him . " Harry like Angelina for the faith she be show in Ron , but at the same time think it would really be kind to let him leave the team . Ron have leave the pitch to another booming chorus of " Weasley be Our King " sing with great gusto by the Slytherins , who be now favorite to win the Quidditch Cup . Fred and George wander over . " I have n't get the heart to take the mickey out of him , even , " say Fred , look over at Ron 's crumpled figure . " mind you ... when he miss the fourteenth ... " he make wild motion with his arm as though do an upright doggy-paddle . " well , I will save it for party , eh ? " Ron drag himself up to bed shortly after this . out of respect for his feeling , Harry wait a while before go up to the dormitory himself , so that Ron could pretend to be asleep if he want to . sure enough , when Harry finally enter the room Ron be snore a little too loudly to be entirely plausible . Harry get into bed , think about the match . it have be immensely frustrating watching from the sideline . he be quite impress by Ginny 's performance but he feel that if he have be play he could have catch the Snitch sooner . ... there have be a moment when it have be flutter near Kirke 's ankle ; if she have n't hesitate , she might have be able to scrape a win for Gryffindor . ... Umbridge have be sit a few row below Harry and Hermione . once or twice she have turn squatly in her seat to look at him , her wide toad 's mouth stretch in what he think have be a gloat smile . the memory of it make him feel hot with anger as he lie there in the dark . after a few minute , however , he remember that he be suppose to be empty his mind of all emotion before he sleep , as Snape keep instruct him at the end of every Occlumency lesson . he try for a moment or two , but the thought of Snape on top of memory of Umbridge merely increase his sense of grumble resentment , and he find himself focus instead on how much he loathe the pair of them . slowly , Ron 's snore die away , replace by the sound of deep , slow breathing . it take Harry much longer to get to sleep ; his body be tire , but it take his brain a long time to close down . he dream that Neville and Professor Sprout be waltz around the Room of Requirement while Professor McGonagall play the bagpipes . he watch them happily for a while , then decide to go and find the other member of the D.A. ... but when he leave the room he find himself face , not the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy , but a torch burning in its bracket on a stone wall . he turn his head slowly to the left . there , at the far end of the windowless passage , be a plain , black door . he walk toward it with a sense of mount excitement . he have the strange feeling that this time he be go to get lucky at last , and find the way to open it . ... he be foot from it and see with a leap of excitement that there be a glowing strip of faint blue light down the right-hand side . ... the door be ajar . ... he stretch out his hand to push it wide and - Ron give a loud , rasping , genuine snore , and Harry awake abruptly with his right hand stretch in front of him in the darkness , to open a door that be hundred of mile away . he let it fall with a feeling of mingle disappointment and guilt . he know he should not have see the door , but at the same time , feel so consume with curiosity about what be behind it that he could not help feel annoyed with Ron . ... if he could have save his snore for just another minute ... * * * they enter the Great Hall for breakfast at exactly the same moment as the post owl on Monday morning . Hermione be not the only person eagerly await her Daily Prophet : nearly everyone be eager for more news about the escape Death Eaters , who , despite many report sighting , have still not be catch . she give the delivery owl a Knut and unfold the newspaper eagerly while Harry help himself to orange juice ; as he have only receive one note during the entire year he be sure , when the first owl land with a thud in front of him , that it have make a mistake . " who be you after ? " he ask it , languidly remove his orange juice from underneath its beak and lean forward to see the recipient 's name and address : frown , he make to take the letter from the owl , but before he could do so , three , four , five more owl have flutter down beside it and be jockey for position , tread in the butter , knock over the salt , and each attempt to give him their letter first . " what be go on ? " Ron ask in amazement , as the whole of Gryffindor table lean forward to watch as another seven owl land amongst the first one , screech , hoot , and flap their wing . " Harry ! " say Hermione breathlessly , plunge her hand into the feathery mass and pull out a screech owl bear a long , cylindrical package . " I think I know what this mean -- open this one first ! " Harry rip off the brown packaging . out roll a tightly furl copy of March 's edition of the Quibbler . he unroll it to see his own face grin sheepishly at him from the front cover . in large red letter across his picture be the word : " it be good , be n't it ? " say Luna , who have drift over to the Gryffindor table and now squeeze herself onto the bench between Fred and Ron . " it come out yesterday , I ask Dad to send you a free copy . I expect all these , " she wave a hand at the assemble owl still scrabble around on the table in front of Harry , " be letter from reader . " " that be what I think , " say Hermione eagerly , " Harry , d'you mind if we -- ? " " help yourself , " say Harry , feel slightly bemused . Ron and Hermione both start ripping open envelope . " this one be from a bloke who think you be off your rocker , " say Ron , glance down his letter . " ah well ... " " this woman recommend you try a good course of Shock Spells at St. Mungo 's , " say Hermione , look disappointed and crumple up a second . " this one look okay , though , " say Harry slowly , scan a long letter from a witch in Paisley . " hey , she say she believe me ! " " this one be in two mind , " say Fred , who have join in the letter-opening with enthusiasm . " say you do n't come across as a mad person , but he really do n't want to believe You-Know-Who 's back so he do n't know what to think now . ... Blimey , what a waste of parchment ... " " here be another one you have convince , Harry ! " say Hermione excitedly . " ' have read your side of the story I be force to the conclusion that the Daily Prophet have treat you very unfairly . ... little though I want to think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named have return , I be force to accept that you be tell the truth . ... ' oh this be wonderful ! " " another one who think you be bark , " say Ron , throw a crumpled letter over his shoulder , " but this one say you have get her converted , and she now think you be a real hero -- she be put in a photograph too -- wow -- " " what be go on here ? " say a falsely sweet , girlish voice . Harry look up with his hand full of envelope . Professor Umbridge be stand behind Fred and Luna , her bulge toad 's eye scan the mess of owl and letter on the table in front of Harry . behind her he see many of the student watch them avidly . " why have you get all these letter , Mr. Potter ? " she ask slowly . " be that a crime now ? " say Fred loudly . " get mail ? " " be careful , Mr. Weasley , or I shall have to put you in detention , " say Umbridge . " well , Mr. Potter ? " Harry hesitate , but he do not see how he could keep what he have do quiet ; it be surely only a matter of time before a copy of the Quibbler come to Umbridge 's attention . " people have write to me because I give an interview , " say Harry . " about what happen to me last June . " for some reason he glance up at the staff table as he say this . he have the strange feeling that Dumbledore have be watch him a second before , but when he look , Dumbledore seem to be absorb in conversation with Professor Flitwick . " an interview ? " repeat Umbridge , her voice thin and high than ever . " what do you mean ? " " I mean a reporter ask me question and I answer them , " say Harry . " here -- " and he throw the copy of the Quibbler at her . she catch it and stare down at the cover . her pale , doughy face turn an ugly , patchy violet . " when do you do this ? " she ask , her voice tremble slightly . " last Hogsmeade weekend , " say Harry . she look up at him , incandescent with rage , the magazine shake in her stubby finger . " there will be no more Hogsmeade trip for you , Mr. Potter , " she whisper . " how you dare ... how you could ... " she take a deep breath . " I have try again and again to teach you not to tell lie . the message , apparently , have still not sink in . fifty point from Gryffindor and another week 's worth of detention . " she stalk away , clutch the Quibbler to her chest , the eye of many student follow her . by mid-morning enormous sign have be put up all over the school , not just on House notice board , but in the corridor and classroom too . for some reason , every time Hermione catch sight of one of these sign she beam with pleasure . " what exactly be you so happy about ? " Harry ask her . " Oh Harry , do n't you see ? " Hermione breathe . " if she could have do one thing to make absolutely sure that every single person in this school will read your interview , it be ban it ! " and it seem that Hermione be quite right . by the end of that day , though Harry have not see so much as a corner of the Quibbler anywhere in the school , the whole place seem to be quote the interview at each other ; Harry hear them whisper about it as they queue up outside class , discuss it over lunch and in the back of lesson , while Hermione even report that every occupant of the cubicle in the girl ' toilet have be talk about it when she nip in there before Ancient Runes . " and then they spot me , and obviously they know I know you , so they be bombard me with question , " Hermione tell Harry , her eye shine , " and Harry , I think they believe you , I really do , I think you have finally get them convinced ! " meanwhile Professor Umbridge be stalk the school , stop student at random and demand that they turn out their book and pocket . Harry know she be look for copy of the Quibbler , but the student be several step ahead of her . the page carry Harry 's interview have be bewitch to resemble extract from textbook if anyone but themselves read it , or else wipe magically blank until they want to peruse it again . soon it seem that every single person in the school have read it . the teacher be , of course , forbid from mention the interview by Educational Decree Number Twenty-six , but they find way to express their feeling about it all the same . Professor Sprout award Gryffindor twenty point when Harry pass her a watering can ; a beaming Professor Flitwick press a box of squeak sugar mouse on him at the end of Charms , say " Shh ! " and hurry away ; and Professor Trelawney break into hysterical sob during Divination and announce to the startle class , and a very disapprove Umbridge , that Harry be not go to suffer an early death after all , but would live to a ripe old age , become Minister of Magic , and have twelve child . but what make Harry happy be Cho catch up with him as he be hurry along to transfiguration the next day . before he know what have happen her hand be in his and she be breathe in his ear , " I be really , really sorry . that interview be so brave ... it make me cry . " he be sorry to hear she have shed even more tear over it , but very glad they be on speak term again , and even more pleased when she give him a swift kiss on the cheek and hurry off again . and unbelievably , no sooner have he arrive outside transfiguration than something just as good happen : Seamus step out of the queue to face him . " I just want to say , " he mumble , squint at Harry 's left knee , " I believe you . and I have send a copy of that magazine to me mam . " if anything more be need to complete Harry 's happiness , it be Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle 's reaction . he see them with their head together later that afternoon in the library , together with a weedy-looking boy Hermione whisper be call Theodore Nott . they look around at Harry as he browse the shelf for the book he need on Partial Vanishment , and Goyle crack his knuckle threateningly and Malfoy whisper something undoubtedly malevolent to Crabbe . Harry know perfectly well why they be act like this : he have name all of their father as Death Eaters . " and the good bit be , " whisper Hermione gleefully as they leave the library , " they ca n't contradict you , because they ca n't admit they have read the article ! " to cap it all , Luna tell him over dinner that no copy of the Quibbler have ever sell out faster . " Dad be reprint ! " she tell Harry , her eye pop excitedly . " he ca n't believe it , he say people seem even more interested in this than the Crumple-Horned Snorkacks ! " Harry be a hero in the Gryffindor common room that night ; daringly , Fred and George have put an Enlargement Charm on the front cover of the Quibbler and hang it on the wall , so that Harry 's giant head gaze down upon the proceeding , occasionally say thing like " the Ministry be moron " and " Eat dung , Umbridge " in a booming voice . Hermione do not find this very amusing ; she say it interfere with her concentration , and end up go to bed early out of irritation . Harry have to admit that the poster be not quite as funny after an hour or two , especially when the talk spell have start to wear off , so that it merely shout disconnected word like " Dung " and " Umbridge " at more and more frequent interval in a progressively high voice . in fact it start to make his head ache and his scar begin prickle uncomfortably again . to disappointed moan from the many people who be sit around him , ask him to relive his interview for the umpteenth time , he announce that he too need an early night . the dormitory be empty when he reach it . he rest his forehead for a moment against the cool glass of the window beside his bed ; it feel soothe against his scar . then he undress and get into bed , wish his headache would go away . he also feel slightly sick . he roll over onto his side , close his eye , and fall asleep almost at once . ... he be stand in a dark , curtain room light by a single branch of candle . his hand be clench on the back of a chair in front of him . they be long-fingered and white as though they have not see sunlight for year and look like large , pale spider against the dark velvet of the chair . beyond the chair , in a pool of light cast upon the floor by the candle , kneel a man in black robe . " I have be badly advise , it seem , " say Harry , in a high , cold voice that pulse with anger . " master , I crave your pardon . ... " croak the man kneel on the floor . the back of his head glimmer in the candlelight . he seem to be tremble . " I do not blame you , Rookwood , " say Harry in that cold , cruel voice . he relinquish his grip upon the chair and walk around it , close to the man cower upon the floor , until he stand directly over him in the darkness , look down from a far great height than usual . " you be sure of your fact , Rookwood ? " ask Harry . " yes , my Lord , yes ... I use to work in the department after -- after all . ... " " Avery tell me Bode would be able to remove it . " " Bode could never have take it , Master . ... Bode would have know he could not . ... undoubtedly that be why he fight so hard against Malfoy 's Imperius Curse . ... " " stand up , Rookwood , " whisper Harry . the kneel man almost fall over in his haste to obey . his face be pockmark ; the scar be throw into relief by the candlelight . he remain a little stoop when stand , as though halfway through a bow , and he dart terrify look up at Harry 's face . " you have do well to tell me this , " say Harry . " very well ... I have waste month on fruitless scheme , it seem . ... but no matter ... we begin again , from now . you have Lord Voldemort 's gratitude , Rookwood . ... " " My Lord ... yes , my Lord , " gasp Rookwood , his voice hoarse with relief . " I shall need your help . I shall need all the information you can give me . " " of course , My Lord , of course ... anything ... " " Very well ... you may go . send Avery to me . " Rookwood scurry backward , bowing , and disappear through a door . leave alone in the dark room , Harry turn toward the wall . a cracked , age-spotted mirror hang on the wall in the shadow . Harry move toward it . his reflection grow large and clear in the darkness . ... a face white than a skull ... red eye with slit for pupil ... " NOOOOOOOOO ! " " what ? " yell a voice nearby . Harry flail around madly , become entangled in the hanging , and fall out of his bed . for a few second he do not know where he be ; he be convince that he be about to see the white , skull-like face loom at him out of the dark again , then Ron 's voice speak very near to him . " will you stop act like a maniac , and I can get you out of here ! " Ron wrench the hanging apart , and Harry stare up at him in the moonlight , as he lie flat on his back , his scar sear with pain . Ron look as though he have just be get ready for bed ; one arm be out of his robe . " have someone be attack again ? " ask Ron , pull Harry roughly to his foot . " be it Dad ? be it that snake ? " " no -- everyone 's fine -- " gasp Harry , whose forehead feel as though it be on fire again . " well ... Avery be n't . ... he be in trouble . ... he give him the wrong information . ... he be really angry . ... " Harry groan and sink , shake , onto his bed , rub his scar . " but Rookwood be go to help him now . ... he be on the right track again . ... " " what be you talk about ? " say Ron , sound scare . " D'you mean ... do you just see You-Know-Who ? " " I be You-Know-Who , " say Harry , and he stretch out his hand in the darkness and hold them up to his face to check that they be no longer deathly white and long-fingered . " he be with Rookwood , he be one of the Death Eaters who escape from Azkaban , remember ? Rookwood 's just tell him Bode could n't have do it . ... " " Done what ? " " remove something . ... he say Bode would have know he could n't have do it . ... Bode be under the Imperius Curse . ... I think he say Malfoy 's dad put it on him . ... " " Bode be bewitch to remove something ? " Ron say . " but -- Harry , that be get to be -- " " the weapon , " Harry finish the sentence for him . " I know . " the dormitory door open ; Dean and Seamus come in . Harry swing his leg back into bed . he do not want to look as though anything odd have just happen , see as Seamus have only just stop think Harry be a nutter . " do you say , " murmur Ron , put his head close to Harry 's on the pretense of help himself to water from the jug on his bedside table , " that you be You-Know-Who ? " " yeah , " say Harry quietly . Ron take an unnecessarily large gulp of water . Harry see it spill over his chin onto his chest . " Harry , " he say , as Dean and Seamus clatter around noisily , pull off their robe , and talk , " you have get to tell -- " " I have n't get to tell anyone , " say Harry shortly . " I would n't have see it at all if I could do Occlumency . I be suppose to have learn to shut this stuff out . that be what they want . " by " they " he mean Dumbledore . he get back into bed and roll over onto his side with his back to Ron and after a while he hear Ron 's mattress creak as he lay back down too . his scar begin to burn ; he bite hard on his pillow to stop himself make a noise . somewhere , he know , Avery be be punish . ... Harry and Ron wait until break next morning to tell Hermione exactly what have happen . they want to be absolutely sure they could not be overhear . stand in their usual corner of the cool and breezy courtyard , Harry tell her every detail of the dream he could remember . when he have finish , she say nothing at all for a few moment , but stare with a kind of painful intensity at Fred and George , who be both headless and sell their magical hat from under their cloak on the other side of the yard . " so that be why they kill him , " she say quietly , withdraw her gaze from Fred and George at last . " when Bode try to steal this weapon , something funny happen to him . I think there must be defensive spell on it , or around it , to stop people from touch it . that be why he be in St. Mungo 's , his brain have go all funny and he could n't talk . but remember what the Healer tell us ? he be recover . and they could n't risk him get good , could they ? I mean , the shock of whatever happen when he touch that weapon probably make the Imperius Curse lift . once he have get his voice back , he will explain what he have be do , would n't he ? they would have know he have be send to steal the weapon . of course , it would have be easy for Lucius Malfoy to put the curse on him . never out of the Ministry , be he ? " " he be even hang around that day I have my hearing , " say Harry . " in the -- hang on ... " he say slowly . " he be in the Department of Mysteries corridor that day ! your dad say he be probably try to sneak down and find out what happen in my hearing , but what if -- " " Sturgis , " gasp Hermione , look thunderstruck . " sorry ? " say Ron , look bewilder . " Sturgis Podmore , " say Hermione , breathlessly . " arrest for try to get through a door . Lucius Malfoy get him too . I bet he do it the day you see him there , Harry . Sturgis have Moody 's Invisibility Cloak , right ? so what if he be stand guard by the door , invisible , and Malfoy hear him move , or guess he be there , or just do the Imperius Curse on the off chance that a guard be there ? so when Sturgis next have an opportunity -- probably when it be his turn on guard duty again -- he try to get into the department to steal the weapon for Voldemort -- Ron , be quiet -- but he get catch and send to Azkaban . ... " she gaze at Harry . " and now Rookwood 's tell Voldemort how to get the weapon ? " " I do n't hear all the conversation , but that be what it sound like , " say Harry . " Rookwood use to work there . ... maybe Voldemort will send Rookwood to do it ? " Hermione nod , apparently still lose in thought . then , quite abruptly , she say , " but you should n't have see this at all , Harry . " " what ? " he say , take aback . " you be suppose to be learn how to close your mind to this sort of thing , " say Hermione , suddenly stern . " I know I be , " say Harry . " but -- " " well , I think we should just try and forget what you see , " say Hermione firmly . " and you ought to put in a bit more effort on your Occlumency from now on . " Harry be so angry with her that he do not talk to her for the rest of the day , which prove to be another bad one . when people be not discuss the escape death eater in the corridor today , they be laugh at Gryffindor 's abysmal performance in their match against Hufflepuff ; the Slytherins be sing " Weasley be Our King " so loudly and frequently that by sundown Filch have ban it from the corridor out of sheer irritation . the week do not improve as it progress : Harry receive two more D 's in potion , be still on tenterhook that Hagrid might get the sack , and could not stop himself from dwelling on the dream in which he have see Voldemort , though he do not bring it up with Ron and Hermione again because he do not want another telling-off from Hermione . he wish very much that he could have talk to Sirius about it , but that be out of the question , so he try to push the matter to the back of his mind . unfortunately , the back of his mind be no long the secure place it have once be . " get up , Potter . " a couple of week after his dream of Rookwood , Harry be to be find , yet again , kneel on the floor of Snape 's office , try to clear his head . he have just be force , yet again , to relive a stream of very early memory he have not even realize he still have , most of them concern humiliation Dudley and his gang have inflict upon him in primary school . " that last memory , " say Snape . " what be it ? " " I do n't know , " say Harry , get wearily to his foot . he be find it increasingly difficult to disentangle separate memory from the rush of image and sound that Snape keep call forth . " you mean the one where my cousin try to make me stand in the toilet ? " " no , " say Snape softly . " I mean the one concern a man kneel in the middle of a darken room . ... " " it be ... nothing , " say Harry . Snape 's dark eye bore into Harry 's . remember what Snape have say about eye contact be crucial to Legilimency , Harry blink and look away . " how do that man and that room come to be inside your head , Potter ? " say Snape . " it -- " say Harry , look everywhere but at Snape , " it be -- just a dream I have . " " a dream , " repeat Snape . there be a pause during which Harry stare fixedly at a large dead frog suspend in a purple liquid in its jar . " you do know why we be here , do n't you , Potter ? " say Snape in a low , dangerous voice . " you do know why I be give up my evening to this tedious job ? " " yes , " say Harry stiffly . " remind me why we be here , Potter . " " so I can learn Occlumency , " say Harry , now glare at a dead eel . " correct , Potter . and dim though you may be " -- Harry look back at Snape , hate him -- " I would have think that after two month ' worth of lesson you might have make some progress . how many other dream about the Dark Lord have you have ? " " just that one , " lie Harry . " perhaps , " say Snape , his dark , cold eye narrow slightly , " perhaps you actually enjoy have these vision and dream , Potter . maybe they make you feel special -- important ? " " no , they do n't , " say Harry , his jaw set and his finger clench tightly around the handle of his wand . " that be just as well , Potter , " say Snape coldly , " because you be neither special nor important , and it be not up to you to find out what the Dark Lord be say to his death eater . " " no -- that be your job , be n't it ? " Harry shoot at him . he have not mean to say it ; it have burst out of him in temper . for a long moment they stare at each other , Harry convince he have go too far . but there be a curious , almost satisfy expression on Snape 's face when he answer . " yes , Potter , " he say , his eye glint . " that be my job . now , if you be ready , we will start again . ... " he raise his wand . " one -- two -- three -- Legilimens ! " a hundred dementors be swoop toward Harry across the lake in the ground . ... he screw up his face in concentration . ... they be come closer . ... he could see the dark hole beneath their hood ... yet he could also see Snape standing in front of him , his eye fix upon Harry 's face , mutter under his breath . ... and somehow , Snape be grow clear , and the dementors be grow fainter ... Harry raise his own wand . " Protego ! " Snape stagger ; his wand fly upward , away from Harry -- and suddenly Harry 's mind be teem with memory that be not his -- a hook-nosed man be shout at a cower woman , while a small dark-haired boy cry in a corner . ... a greasy-haired teenager sit alone in a dark bedroom , point his wand at the ceiling , shoot down fly . ... a girl be laugh as a scrawny boy try to mount a buck broomstick - " Enough ! " Harry feel as though he have be push hard in the chest ; he take several staggering step backward , hit some of the shelf cover Snape 's wall and hear something crack . Snape be shake slightly , very white in the face . the back of Harry 's robe be damp . one of the jar behind him have break when he fall against it ; the pickled slimy thing within be swirl in its draining potion . " Reparo ! " hiss Snape , and the jar seal itself once more . " well , Potter ... that be certainly an improvement . ... " Panting slightly , Snape straighten the Pensieve in which he have again store some of his thought before start the lesson , almost as though check that they be still there . " I do n't remember tell you to use a Shield Charm ... but there be no doubt that it be effective . ... " Harry do not speak ; he feel that to say anything might be dangerous . he be sure he have just break into Snape 's memory , that he have just see scene from Snape 's childhood , and it be unnerve to think that the crying little boy who have watch his parent shouting be actually stand in front of him with such loathing in his eye . ... " let be try again , shall we ? " say Snape . Harry feel a thrill of dread : he be about to pay for what have just happen , he be sure of it . they move back into position with the desk between them , Harry feeling he be go to find it much harder to empty his mind this time . ... " on the count of three , then , " say Snape , raise his wand once more . " one -- two -- " Harry do not have time to gather himself together and attempt to clear his mind , for Snape have already cry " Legilimens ! " he be hurtle along the corridor toward the Department of Mysteries , past the blank stone wall , past the torch -- the plain black door be grow ever large ; he be move so fast he be go to collide with it , he be foot from it and he could see that chink of faint blue light again - the door have flow open ! he be through it at last , inside a black-walled , black-floored circular room light with blue-flamed candle , and there be more door all around him -- he need to go on -- but which door ought he to take -- ? " potter ! " Harry open his eye . he be flat on his back again with no memory of have get there ; he be also pant as though he really have run the length of the Department of Mysteries corridor , really have sprint through the black door and find the circular room . ... " Explain yourself ! " say Snape , who be stand over him , look furious . " I ... dunno what happen , " say Harry truthfully , stand up . there be a lump on the back of his head from where he have hit the ground and he feel feverish . " I have never see that before . I mean , I tell you , I have dream about the door ... but it be never open before . ... " " you be not work hard enough ! " for some reason , Snape seem even angry than he have do two minute before , when Harry have see into his own memory . " you be lazy and sloppy , Potter , it be small wonder that the Dark Lord -- " " can you tell me something , sir ? " say Harry , fire up again . " why do you call Voldemort the Dark Lord , I have only ever hear death eater call him that -- " Snape open his mouth in a snarl -- and a woman scream from somewhere outside the room . Snape 's head jerk upward ; he be gaze at the ceiling . " what the -- ? " he mutter . Harry could hear a muffle commotion come from what he think might be the entrance hall . Snape look around at him , frown . " do you see anything unusual on your way down here , Potter ? " Harry shake his head . somewhere above them , the woman scream again . Snape stride to his office door , his wand still hold at the ready , and sweep out of sight . Harry hesitate for a moment , then follow . the scream be indeed come from the entrance hall ; they grow louder as Harry run toward the stone step lead up from the dungeon . when he reach the top he find the entrance hall pack . student have come flood out of the Great Hall , where dinner be still in progress , to see what be go on . other have cram themselves onto the marble staircase . Harry push forward through a knot of tall Slytherins and see that the onlooker have form a great ring , some of them look shocked , other even frighten . Professor McGonagall be directly opposite Harry on the other side of the hall ; she look as though what she be watch make her feel faintly sick . Professor Trelawney be stand in the middle of the entrance hall with her wand in one hand and an empty sherry bottle in the other , look utterly mad . her hair be stick up on end , her glass be lopsided so that one eye be magnify more than the other ; her innumerable shawl and scarves be trail haphazardly from her shoulder , give the impression that she be fall apart at the seam . two large trunk lie on the floor beside her , one of them upside down ; it look very much as though it have be throw down the stair after her . Professor Trelawney be stare , apparently terrify , at something Harry could not see but that seem to be stand at the foot of the stair . " no ! " she shriek . " no ! this can be happen . ... it can ... I refuse to accept it ! " " you do n't realize this be come ? " say a high girlish voice , sound callously amused , and Harry , move slightly to his right , see that Trelawney 's terrifying vision be nothing other than Professor Umbridge . " incapable though you be of predict even tomorrow 's weather , you must surely have realize that your pitiful performance during my inspection , and lack of any improvement , would make it inevitable you would be sack ? " " you c-ca n't ! " howl Professor Trelawney , tear stream down her face from behind her enormous lens , " you c-ca n't sack me ! I have b-been here sixteen year ! H-Hogwarts be m-my h-home ! " " it be your home , " say Professor Umbridge , and Harry be revolt to see the enjoyment stretch her toadlike face as she watch Professor Trelawney sink , sob uncontrollably , onto one of her trunk , " until an hour ago , when the Minister of Magic countersign the order for your dismissal . now kindly remove yourself from this hall . you be embarrass us . " but she stand and watch , with an expression of gloat enjoyment , as Professor Trelawney shudder and moan , rock backward and forward on her trunk in paroxysm of grief . Harry hear a sob to his left and look around . Lavender and Parvati be both cry silently , their arm around each other . then he hear footstep . Professor McGonagall have break away from the spectator , march straight up to Professor Trelawney and be pat her firmly on the back while withdraw a large handkerchief from within her robe . " there , there , Sibyll ... Calm down . ... Blow your nose on this . ... it be not as bad as you think , now . ... you be not go to have to leave Hogwarts . ... " " oh really , Professor McGonagall ? " say Umbridge in a deadly voice , take a few step forward . " and your authority for that statement be ... ? " " that would be mine , " say a deep voice . the oak front door have swing open . student beside them scuttle out of the way as Dumbledore appear in the entrance . what he have be do out in the ground Harry could not imagine , but there be something impressive about the sight of him frame in the doorway against an oddly misty night . leave the door wide behind him , he stride forward through the circle of onlooker toward the place where Professor Trelawney sit , tearstained and tremble , upon her trunk , Professor McGonagall alongside her . " yours , Professor Dumbledore ? " say Umbridge with a singularly unpleasant little laugh . " I be afraid you do not understand the position . I have here " -- she pull a parchment scroll from within her robe -- " an order of Dismissal sign by myself and the Minister of Magic . under the term of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three , the High Inquisitor of Hogwarts have the power to inspect , place upon probation , and sack any teacher she -- that be to say , I -- feel be not perform up to the standard require by the Ministry of Magic . I have decide that Professor Trelawney be not up to scratch . I have dismiss her . " to Harry 's very great surprise , Dumbledore continue to smile . he look down at Professor Trelawney , who be still sob and choke on her trunk , and say , " you be quite right , of course , Professor Umbridge . as High Inquisitor you have every right to dismiss my teacher . you do not , however , have the authority to send them away from the castle . I be afraid , " he go on , with a courteous little bow , " that the power to do that still reside with the headmaster , and it be my wish that Professor Trelawney continue to live at Hogwarts . " at this , Professor Trelawney give a wild little laugh in which a hiccup be barely hide . " no -- no , I will g-go , Dumbledore ! I sh-shall l-leave Hogwarts and s-seek my fortune elsewhere -- " " no , " say Dumbledore sharply . " it be my wish that you remain , Sibyll . " he turn to Professor McGonagall . " might I ask you to escort Sibyll back upstairs , Professor McGonagall ? " " of course , " say McGonagall . " up you get , Sibyll . ... " Professor Sprout come hurry forward out of the crowd and grab Professor Trelawney 's other arm . together they guide her past Umbridge and up the marble stair . Professor Flitwick go scurry after them , his wand hold out before him ; he squeak , " Locomotor trunk ! " and Professor Trelawney 's luggage rise into the air and proceed up the staircase after her , Professor Flitwick bring up the rear . Professor Umbridge be stand stock-still , stare at Dumbledore , who continue to smile benignly . " and what , " she say in a whisper that nevertheless carry all around the entrance hall , " be you go to do with her once I appoint a new divination teacher who need her lodgings ? " " oh , that wo n't be a problem , " say Dumbledore pleasantly . " you see , I have already find us a new divination teacher , and he will prefer lodgings on the ground floor . " " you have find -- ? " say Umbridge shrilly . " you have find ? might I remind you , Dumbledore , that under Educational Decree Twenty-two -- " " - the Ministry have the right to appoint a suitable candidate if -- and only if -- the headmaster be unable to find one , " say Dumbledore . " and I be happy to say that on this occasion I have succeed . may I introduce you ? " he turn to face the open front door , through which night mist be now drift . Harry hear hoof . there be a shocked murmur around the hall and those nearest the door hastily move even farther backward , some of them trip over in their haste to clear a path for the newcomer . through the mist come a face Harry have see once before on a dark , dangerous night in the Forbidden Forest : white-blond hair and astonishingly blue eye , the head and torso of a man join to the palomino body of a horse . " this be Firenze , " say Dumbledore happily to a thunderstruck Umbridge . " I think you will find him suitable . " the centaur and the Sneak " I will bet you wish you have n't give up divination now , do n't you , Hermione ? " ask Parvati , smirk . it be breakfast time a few day after the sacking of Professor Trelawney , and Parvati be curl her eyelash around her wand and examine the effect in the back of her spoon . they be to have their first lesson with Firenze that morning . " not really , " say Hermione indifferently , who be read the Daily Prophet . " I have never really like horse . " she turn a page of the newspaper , scan its column . " he be not a horse , he be a centaur ! " say Lavender , sound shock . " a gorgeous centaur ... " sigh Parvati . " either way , he be still get four leg , " say Hermione coolly . " anyway , I think you two be all upset that Trelawney have go ? " " we be ! " Lavender assure her . " we go up to her office to see her , we take her some daffodil -- not the honk one that Sprout be get , nice one . ... " " how be she ? " ask Harry . " not very good , poor thing , " say Lavender sympathetically . " she be cry and say she will rather leave the castle forever than stay here if Umbridge be still here , and I do n't blame her . Umbridge be horrible to her , be n't she ? " " I have get a feeling Umbridge have only just start be horrible , " say Hermione darkly . " impossible , " say Ron , who be tuck into a large plate of egg and bacon . " she ca n't get any bad than she have be already . " " you mark my word , she be go to want revenge on Dumbledore for appoint a new teacher without consult her , " say Hermione , close the newspaper . " especially another part-human . you see the look on her face when she see Firenze . ... " after breakfast Hermione depart for her Arithmancy class and Harry and Ron follow Parvati and Lavender into the entrance hall , head for Divination . " be n't we go up to North Tower ? " ask Ron , look puzzle , as Parvati bypass the marble staircase . Parvati look scornfully over her shoulder at him . " how d'you expect Firenze to climb that ladder ? we be in classroom eleven now , it be on the notice board yesterday . " classroom eleven be situate in the ground-floor corridor lead off the entrance hall on the opposite side to the Great Hall . Harry know it to be one of those classroom that be never use regularly , and that it therefore have the slightly neglect feeling of a cupboard or storeroom . when he enter it right behind Ron , and find himself right in the middle of a forest clearing , he be therefore momentarily stun . " what the -- ? " the classroom floor have become springily mossy and tree be grow out of it ; their leafy branch fan across the ceiling and window , so that the room be full of slant shaft of soft , dapple , green light . the student who have already arrive be sit on the earthy floor with their back rest against tree trunk or boulder , arm wrap around their knee or fold tightly across their chest , look rather nervous . in the middle of the room , where there be no tree , stand Firenze . " Harry Potter , " he say , hold out a hand when Harry enter . " er -- hi , " say Harry , shake hand with the centaur , who survey him unblinkingly through those astonishingly blue eye but do not smile . " er -- good to see you ... " " and you , " say the centaur , incline his white-blond head . " it be foretell that we would meet again . " Harry notice that there be the shadow of a hoof-shaped bruise on Firenze 's chest . as he turn to join the rest of the class upon the floor , he see that they be all look at him with awe , apparently deeply impress that he be on speak term with Firenze , whom they seem to find intimidating . when the door be close and the last student have sit down upon a tree stump beside the wastepaper basket , Firenze gesture around the room . " Professor Dumbledore have kindly arrange this classroom for us , " say Firenze , when everyone have settle down , " in imitation of my natural habitat . I would have prefer to teach you in the Forbidden Forest , which be -- until Monday -- my home ... but this be not possible . " " please -- er -- sir -- " say Parvati breathlessly , raise her hand , " why not ? we have be in there with Hagrid , we be not frighten ! " " it be not a question of your bravery , " say Firenze , " but of my position . I can no longer return to the forest . my herd have banish me . " " herd ? " say Lavender in a confused voice , and Harry know she be think of cow . " what -- oh ! " comprehension dawn on her face . " there be more of you ? " she say , stun . " do Hagrid breed you , like the thestrals ? " ask Dean eagerly . Firenze turn his head very slowly to face Dean , who seem to realize at once that he have say something very offensive . " I do n't -- I mean -- sorry , " he finish in a hush voice . " centaur be not the servant or plaything of human , " say Firenze quietly . there be a pause , then Parvati raise her hand again . " please , sir ... why have the other centaur banish you ? " " because I have agree to work for Professor Dumbledore , " say Firenze . " they see this as a betrayal of our kind . " Harry remember how , nearly four year ago , the centaur Bane have shout at Firenze for allow Harry to ride to safety upon his back , call him a " common mule . " he wonder whether it have be Bane who have kick Firenze in the chest . " let us begin , " say Firenze . he swish his long palomino tail , raise his hand toward the leafy canopy overhead then lower it slowly , and as he do so , the light in the room dim , so that they now seem to be sit in a forest clearing by twilight , and star emerge upon the ceiling . there be oohs and gasp , and Ron say audibly , " Blimey ! " " lie back upon the floor , " say Firenze in his calm voice , " and observe the heaven . here be write , for those who can see , the fortune of our race . " Harry stretch out on his back and gaze upward at the ceiling . a twinkle red star wink at him from overhead . " I know that you have learn the name of the planet and their moon in Astronomy , " say Firenze 's calm voice , " and that you have map the star ' progress through the heaven . centaur have unravel the mystery of these movement over century . our finding teach us that the future may be glimpse in the sky above us . ... " " Professor Trelawney do astrology with us ! " say Parvati excitedly , raise her hand in front of her so that it stick up in the air as she lie on her back . " Mars cause accident and burn and thing like that , and when it make an angle to Saturn , like now " -- she draw a right angle in the air above her -- " that mean that people need to be extra careful when handle hot thing -- " " that , " say Firenze calmly , " be human nonsense . " Parvati 's hand fall limply to her side . " trivial hurt , tiny human accident , " say Firenze , as his hoof thud over the mossy floor . " these be of no more significance than the scurryings of ant to the wide universe , and be unaffected by planetary movement . " " Professor Trelawney -- " begin Parvati , in a hurt and indignant voice . " - be a human , " say Firenze simply . " and be therefore blinkered and fetter by the limitation of your kind . " Harry turn his head very slightly to look at Parvati . she look very offend , as do several of the people surround her . " Sibyll Trelawney may have Seen , I do not know , " continue Firenze , and Harry hear the swish of his tail again as he walk up and down before them , " but she waste her time , in the main , on the self-flattering nonsense human call fortune-telling . I , however , be here to explain the wisdom of centaur , which be impersonal and impartial . we watch the sky for the great tide of evil or change that be sometimes mark there . it may take ten year to be sure of what we be see . " Firenze point to the red star directly above Harry . " in the past decade , the indication have be that Wizard-kind be live through nothing more than a brief calm between two war . Mars , bringer of battle , shine brightly above us , suggest that the fight must break out again soon . how soon , centaur may attempt to divine by the burning of certain herb and leaf , by the observation of fume and flame . ... " it be the most unusual lesson Harry have ever attend . they do indeed burn sage and mallowsweet there on the classroom floor , and Firenze tell them to look for certain shape and symbol in the pungent fume , but he seem perfectly unconcerned that not one of them could see any of the sign he describe , tell them that human be hardly ever good at this , that it take centaur year and year to become competent , and finish by tell them that it be foolish to put too much faith in such thing anyway , because even centaur sometimes read them wrongly . he be nothing like any human teacher Harry have ever have . his priority do not seem to be to teach them what he know , but rather to impress upon them that nothing , not even centaur ' knowledge , be foolproof . " he be not very definite on anything , be he ? " say Ron in a low voice , as they put out their mallowsweet fire . " I mean , I could do with a few more detail about this war we be about to have , could n't you ? " the bell ring right outside the classroom door and everyone jump ; Harry have completely forget that they be still inside the castle , quite convince that he be really in the forest . the class file out , look slightly perplex ; Harry and Ron be on the point of follow them when Firenze call , " Harry Potter , a word , please . " Harry turn . the centaur advance a little toward him . Ron hesitate . " you may stay , " Firenze tell him . " but close the door , please . " Ron hasten to obey . " Harry Potter , you be a friend of Hagrid 's , be you not ? " say the centaur . " yes , " say Harry . " then give him a warning from me . his attempt be not work . he would do well to abandon it . " " his attempt be not work ? " Harry repeat blankly . " and he would do well to abandon it , " say Firenze , nod . " I would warn Hagrid myself , but I be banish -- it would be unwise for me to go too near the forest now -- Hagrid have trouble enough , without a centaur ' battle . " " but -- what be Hagrid attempt to do ? " say Harry nervously . Firenze look at Harry impassively . " Hagrid have recently render me a great service , " say Firenze , " and he have long since earn my respect for the care he show all live creature . I shall not betray his secret . but he must be bring to his sense . the attempt be not work . tell him , Harry Potter . good day to you . " the happiness Harry have feel in the aftermath of the Quibbler interview have long since evaporate . as a dull March blur into a squally April , his life seem to have become one long series of worry and problem again . Umbridge have continue attend all Care of Magical Creatures lesson , so it have be very difficult to deliver Firenze 's warning to Hagrid . at last Harry have manage it by pretend he have lose his copy of fantastic beast and where to find Them and double back after class one day . when he pass on Firenze 's message , Hagrid gaze at him for a moment through his puffy , blacken eye , apparently take aback . then he seem to pull himself together . " nice bloke , Firenze , " he say gruffly , " but he don ' know what he be talkin ' abou ' on this . the attemp 's comin ' on fine . " " Hagrid , what be you up to ? " ask Harry seriously . " because you have get to be careful , Umbridge have already sack Trelawney and if you ask me , she be on a roll . if you be do anything you should n't be -- " " there be thing more importan ' than keepin ' a job , " say Hagrid , though his hand shake slightly as he say this and a basin full of knarl droppings crash to the floor . " Don ' worry abou ' me , Harry , jus ' get along now , there be a good lad . ... " Harry have no choice but to leave Hagrid mop up the dung all over his floor , but he feel thoroughly dispirit as he trudge back up to the castle . meanwhile , as the teacher and Hermione persist in remind them , the O.W.L.s be draw ever near . all the fifth year be suffer from stress to some degree , but Hannah Abbott become the first to receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after she burst into tear during Herbology and sob that she be too stupid to take exam and want to leave school now . if it have not be for the D.A. lesson , Harry think he would have be extremely unhappy . he sometimes feel that he be live for the hour he spend in the Room of Requirement , work hard but thoroughly enjoy himself at the same time , swell with pride as he look around at his fellow D.A. member and see how far they have come . indeed , Harry sometimes wonder how Umbridge be go to react when all the member of the D.A. receive " outstanding " in their defense against the Dark Arts O.W.L.s. they have finally start work on Patronuses , which everybody have be very keen to practice , though as Harry keep remind them , produce a Patronus in the middle of a brightly light classroom when they be not under threat be very different to produce it when confront by something like a dementor . " oh , do n't be such a killjoy , " say Cho brightly , watch her silvery swan-shaped Patronus soar around the Room of Requirement during their last lesson before Easter . " they be so pretty ! " " they be not suppose to be pretty , they be suppose to protect you , " say Harry patiently . " what we really need be a boggart or something ; that be how I learn , I have to conjure a Patronus while the boggart be pretend to be a dementor -- " " but that would be really scary ! " say Lavender , who be shoot puff of silver vapor out of the end of her wand . " and I still -- ca n't -- do it ! " she add angrily . Neville be have trouble too . his face be screw up in concentration , but only feeble wisp of silver smoke issue from his wand tip . " you have get to think of something happy , " Harry remind him . " I be try , " say Neville miserably , who be try so hard his round face be actually shine with sweat . " Harry , I think I be do it ! " yell Seamus , who have be bring along to his first ever D.A. meeting by Dean . " look -- ah -- it be go . ... but it be definitely something hairy , Harry ! " Hermione 's Patronus , a shine silver otter , be gambol around her . " they be sort of nice , be n't they ? " she say , look at it fondly . the door of the Room of Requirement open and then close again ; Harry look around to see who have enter , but there do not seem to be anybody there . it be a few moment before he realize that the people close to the door have fall silent . next thing he know , something be tug at his robe somewhere near the knee . he look down and see , to his very great astonishment , Dobby the house-elf peer up at him from beneath his usual eight hat . " hi , Dobby ! " he say . " what be you -- what be wrong ? " for the elf 's eye be wide with terror and he be shake . the member of the D.A. close to Harry have fall silent now : everybody in the room be watch Dobby . the few Patronuses people have manage to conjure fade away into silver mist , leave the room look much dark than before . " Harry Potter , sir ... " squeak the elf , tremble from head to foot , " Harry Potter , sir ... Dobby have come to warn you ... but the house-elves have be warn not to tell ... " he run headfirst at the wall : Harry , who have some experience of Dobby 's habit of self-punishment , make to seize him , but Dobby merely bounce off the stone , cushion by his eight hat . Hermione and a few of the other girl let out squeak of fear and sympathy . " what be happen , Dobby ? " Harry ask , grab the elf 's tiny arm and hold him away from anything with which he might seek to hurt himself . " Harry Potter ... she ... she ... " Dobby hit himself hard on the nose with his free fist : Harry seize that too . " who be ' she , ' Dobby ? " but he think he know -- surely only one " she " could induce such fear in Dobby ? the elf look up at him , slightly cross-eyed , and mouth wordlessly . " Umbridge ? " ask Harry , horrify . Dobby nod , then try to bang his head off Harry 's knee ; Harry hold him at bay . " what about her ? dobby -- she have n't find out about this -- about us -- about the D.A. ? " he read the answer in the elf 's stricken face . his hand hold fast by Harry , the elf try to kick himself and fall to the floor . " be she come ? " Harry ask quietly . Dobby let out a howl , and begin beat his bare foot hard on the floor . " yes , Harry Potter , yes ! " Harry straighten up and look around at the motionless , terrify people gaze at the thrashing elf . " what be you wait for ? " Harry bellow . " run ! " they all pelt toward the exit at once , form a scrum at the door , then people burst through ; Harry could hear them sprint along the corridor and hope they have the sense not to try and make it all the way to their dormitory . it be only ten to nine , if they just take refuge in the library or the Owlery , which be both near - " Harry , come on ! " shriek Hermione from the center of the knot of people now fight to get out . he scoop up Dobby , who be still attempt to do himself serious injury , and run with the elf in his arm to join the back of the queue . " dobby -- this be an order -- get back down to the kitchen with the other elf , and if she ask you whether you warn me , lie and say no ! " say Harry . " and I forbid you to hurt yourself ! " he add , drop the elf as he make it over the threshold at last and slam the door behind him . " thank you , Harry Potter ! " squeak Dobby , and he streak off . Harry glance left and right , the other be all move so fast that he catch only glimpse of fly heel at either end of the corridor before they vanish . he start to run right ; there be a boy ' bathroom up ahead , he could pretend he have be in there all the time if he could just reach it - " AAARGH ! " something catch him around the ankle and he fall spectacularly , skid along on his front for six foot before come to a halt . someone behind him be laugh . he roll over onto his back and see Malfoy conceal in a niche beneath an ugly dragon-shaped vase . " Trip Jinx , Potter ! " he say . " hey , Professor -- Professor ! I have get one ! " Umbridge come bustle around the far corner , breathless but wear a delighted smile . " it be him ! " she say jubilantly at the sight of Harry on the floor . " excellent , Draco , excellent , oh , very good -- fifty point to Slytherin ! I will take him from here . ... stand up , Potter ! " Harry get to his foot , glare at the pair of them . he have never see Umbridge look so happy . she seize his arm in a vicelike grip and turn , beam broadly , to Malfoy . " you hop along and see if you can round up anymore of them , Draco , " she say . " tell the other to look in the library -- anybody out of breath -- check the bathroom , Miss Parkinson can do the girl ' one -- off you go -- and you , " she add in her soft , most dangerous voice , as Malfoy walk away . " you can come with me to the headmaster 's office , Potter . " they be at the stone gargoyle within minute . Harry wonder how many of the other have be catch . he think of Ron -- Mrs. Weasley would kill him -- and of how Hermione would feel if she be expel before she could take her O.W.L.s. and it have be Seamus 's very first meeting ... and Neville have be get so good . ... " Fizzing Whizbee , " sing Umbridge , and the stone gargoyle jump aside , the wall behind split open , and they ascend the move stone staircase . they reach the polished door with the griffin knocker , but Umbridge do not bother to knock , she stride straight inside , still hold tight to Harry . the office be full of people . Dumbledore be sit behind his desk , his expression serene , the tip of his long finger together . Professor McGonagall stand rigidly beside him , her face extremely tense . Cornelius Fudge , Minister of Magic , be rock backward and forward on his toe beside the fire , apparently immensely please with the situation . Kingsley Shacklebolt and a tough-looking wizard Harry do not recognize with very short , wiry hair be position on either side of the door like guard , and the freckled , bespectacled form of Percy Weasley hover excitedly beside the wall , a quill and a heavy scroll of parchment in his hand , apparently poise to take note . the portrait of old headmaster and mistress be not sham sleep tonight . all of them be watch what be happen below , alert and serious . as Harry enter , a few flit into neighboring frame and whisper urgently into their neighbor ' ear . Harry pull himself free of Umbridge 's grasp as the door swing shut behind them . Cornelius Fudge be glaring at him with a kind of vicious satisfaction upon his face . " well , " he say . " well , well , well ... " Harry reply with the dirty look he could muster . his heart drum madly inside him , but his brain be oddly cool and clear . " he be head back to Gryffindor Tower , " say Umbridge . there be an indecent excitement in her voice , the same callous pleasure Harry have hear as she watch Professor Trelawney dissolve with misery in the entrance hall . " the Malfoy boy corner him . " " do he , do he ? " say Fudge appreciatively . " I must remember to tell Lucius . well , Potter ... I expect you know why you be here ? " Harry fully intend to respond with a defiant " yes " : his mouth have open and the word be half form when he catch sight of Dumbledore 's face . Dumbledore be not look directly at Harry ; his eye be fix upon a point just over his shoulder , but as Harry stare at him , he shake his head a fraction of an inch to each side . Harry change direction mid-word . " Yeh -- no . " " I beg your pardon ? " say Fudge . " no , " say Harry , firmly . " you do n't know why you be here ? " " no , I do n't , " say Harry . fudge look incredulously from Harry to Professor Umbridge ; Harry take advantage of his momentary inattention to steal another quick look at Dumbledore , who give the carpet the tiny of nod and the shadow of a wink . " so you have no idea , " say Fudge in a voice positively sag with sarcasm , " why Professor Umbridge have bring you to this office ? you be not aware that you have break any school rule ? " " school rule ? " say Harry . " No. " " or Ministry decree ? " amend Fudge angrily . " not that I be aware of , " say Harry blandly . his heart be still hammer very fast . it be almost worth tell these lie to watch Fudge 's blood pressure rise , but he could not see how on earth he would get away with them . if somebody have tip off Umbridge about the D.A. then he , the leader , might as well be pack his trunk right now . " so it be news to you , be it , " say Fudge , his voice now thick with anger , " that an illegal student organization have be discover within this school ? " " yes , it be , " say Harry , hoist an unconvincing look of innocent surprise onto his face . " I think , Minister , " say Umbridge silkily from beside him , " we might make good progress if I fetch our informant . " " yes , yes , do , " say Fudge , nod , and he glance maliciously at Dumbledore as Umbridge leave the room . " there be nothing like a good witness , be there , Dumbledore ? " " nothing at all , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore gravely , incline his head . there be a wait of several minute , in which nobody look at each other , then Harry hear the door open behind him . Umbridge move past him into the room , grip by the shoulder Cho 's curly-haired friend Marietta , who be hide her face in her hand . " do n't be scare , dear , do n't be frighten , " say Professor Umbridge softly , pat her on the back , " it be quite all right , now . you have do the right thing . the minister be very pleased with you . he will be tell your mother what a good girl you have be . Marietta 's mother , Minister , " she add , look up at Fudge , " be Madam Edgecombe from the Department of Magical Transportation . Floo Network office -- she have be help us police the Hogwarts fire , you know . " " jolly good , jolly good ! " say Fudge heartily . " like mother , like daughter , eh ? well , come on , now , dear , look up , do n't be shy , let be hear what you have get to -- gallop gargoyle ! " as Marietta raise her head , Fudge leap backward in shock , nearly land himself in the fire . he curse and stamp on the hem of his cloak , which have start to smoke , and Marietta give a wail and pull the neck of her robe right up to her eye , but not before the whole room have see that her face be horribly disfigure by a series of close-set purple pustule that have spread across her nose and cheek to form the word " SNEAK . " " never mind the spot now , dear , " say Umbridge impatiently , " just take your robe away from your mouth and tell the Minister -- " but Marietta give another muffle wail and shake her head frantically . " oh , very well , you silly girl , I will tell him , " snap Umbridge . she hitch her sickly smile back onto her face and say , " well , Minister , Miss Edgecombe here come to my office shortly after dinner this evening and tell me she have something she want to tell me . she say that if I proceed to a secret room on the seventh floor , sometimes know as the Room of Requirement , I would find out something to my advantage . I question her a little further and she admit that there be to be some kind of meeting there . unfortunately at that point this hex , " she wave impatiently at Marietta 's conceal face , " come into operation and upon catch sight of her face in my mirror the girl become too distressed to tell me any more . " " well , now , " say Fudge , fix Marietta with what he evidently imagine be a kind and fatherly look . " it be very brave of you , my dear , come to tell Professor Umbridge , you do exactly the right thing . now , will you tell me what happen at this meeting ? what be its purpose ? who be there ? " but Marietta would not speak . she merely shake her head again , her eye wide and fearful . " have n't we get a counterjinx for this ? " Fudge ask Umbridge impatiently , gesture at Marietta 's face . " so she can speak freely ? " " I have not yet manage to find one , " Umbridge admit grudgingly , and Harry feel a surge of pride in Hermione 's jinx ability . " but it do n't matter if she wo n't speak , I can take up the story from here . " you will remember , Minister , that I send you a report back in October that Potter have meet a number of fellow student in the Hog 's Head in Hogsmeade -- " " and what be your evidence for that ? " cut in Professor McGonagall . " I have testimony from Willy Widdershins , Minerva , who happen to be in the bar at the time . he be heavily bandage , it be true , but his hearing be quite unimpaired , " say Umbridge smugly . " he hear every word Potter say and hasten straight to the school to report to me -- " " oh , so that be why he be n't prosecute for set up all those regurgitate toilet ! " say Professor McGonagall , raise her eyebrow . " what an interesting insight into our justice system ! " " blatant corruption ! " roar the portrait of the corpulent , red-nosed wizard on the wall behind Dumbledore 's desk . " the Ministry do not cut deal with petty criminal in my day , no sir , they do not ! " " thank you , Fortescue , that will do , " say Dumbledore softly . " the purpose of Potter 's meeting with these student , " continue Professor Umbridge , " be to persuade them to join an illegal society , whose aim be to learn spell and curse the Ministry have decide be inappropriate for school-age -- " " I think you will find you be wrong there , Dolores , " say Dumbledore quietly , peer at her over the half-moon spectacle perch halfway down his crooked nose . Harry stare at him . he could not see how Dumbledore be go to talk him out of this one ; if Willy Widdershins have indeed hear every word he say in the Hog 's Head there be simply no escape it . " Oho ! " say Fudge , bounce up and down on the ball of his foot again . " yes , do let be hear the late cock-and-bull story design to pull Potter out of trouble ! go on , then , Dumbledore , go on -- Willy Widdershins be lie , be he ? or be it Potter 's identical twin in the Hog 's Head that day ? or be there the usual simple explanation involve a reversal of time , a dead man come back to life , and a couple of invisible dementors ? " Percy Weasley let out a hearty laugh . " oh , very good , Minister , very good ! " Harry could have kick him . then he see , to his astonishment , that Dumbledore be smile gently too . " Cornelius , I do not deny -- and nor , I be sure , do Harry -- that he be in the Hog 's Head that day , nor that he be try to recruit student to a defense against the Dark Arts group . I be merely point out that Dolores be quite wrong to suggest that such a group be , at that time , illegal . if you remember , the Ministry decree ban all student society be not put into effect until two day after Harry 's Hogsmeade meeting , so he be not break any rule in the Hog 's Head at all . " Percy look as though he have be strike in the face by something very heavy . fudge remain motionless in mid-bounce , his mouth hang open . Umbridge recover first . " that be all very fine , Headmaster , " she say , smile sweetly . " but we be now nearly six month on from the introduction of Educational Decree Number Twenty-four . if the first meeting be not illegal , all those that have happen since most certainly be . " " well , " say Dumbledore , survey her with polite interest over the top of his interlock finger , " they certainly would be , if they have continue after the decree come into effect . do you have any evidence that these meeting continue ? " as Dumbledore speak , Harry hear a rustle behind him and rather think Kingsley whisper something . he could have swear too that he feel something brush against his side , a gentle something like a draft or bird wing , but look down he see nothing there . " evidence ? " repeat Umbridge with that horrible wide toadlike smile . " have you not be listen , Dumbledore ? why do you think Miss Edgecombe be here ? " " oh , can she tell us about six month ' worth of meeting ? " say Dumbledore , raise his eyebrow . " I be under the impression that she be merely report a meeting tonight . " " Miss Edgecombe , " say Umbridge at once , " tell us how long these meeting have be go on , dear . you can simply nod or shake your head , I be sure that wo n't make the spot worse . have they be happen regularly over the last six month ? " Harry feel a horrible plummet in his stomach . this be it , they have hit a dead end of solid evidence that not even Dumbledore would be able to shift aside . ... " just nod or shake your head , dear , " Umbridge say coaxingly to Marietta . " come on , now , that wo n't activate the jinx further . ... " Everyone in the room be gaze at the top of Marietta 's face . only her eye be visible between the pull up robe and her curly fringe . perhaps it be a trick of the firelight , but her eye look oddly blank . and then -- to Harry 's utter amazement -- Marietta shake her head . Umbridge look quickly at Fudge and then back at Marietta . " I do n't think you understand the question , do you , dear ? I be ask whether you have be go to these meeting for the past six month ? you have , have n't you ? " again , Marietta shake her head . " what do you mean by shake your head , dear ? " say Umbridge in a testy voice . " I would have think her meaning be quite clear , " say Professor McGonagall harshly . " there have be no secret meeting for the past six month . be that correct , Miss Edgecombe ? " Marietta nod . " but there be a meeting tonight ! " say Umbridge furiously . " there be a meeting , Miss Edgecombe , you tell me about it , in the Room of Requirement ! and Potter be the leader , be he not , Potter organize it , Potter -- why be you shake your head , girl ? " " well , usually when a person shake their head , " say McGonagall coldly , " they mean ' no . ' so unless Miss Edgecombe be use a form of sign language as yet unknown to human -- " Professor Umbridge seize Marietta , pull her around to face her , and begin shake her very hard . a split second later Dumbledore be on his foot , his wand raise . Kingsley start forward and Umbridge leap back from Marietta , wave her hand in the air as though they have be burn . " I can allow you to manhandle my student , Dolores , " say Dumbledore , and for the first time , he look angry . " you want to calm yourself , Madam Umbridge , " say Kingsley in his deep , slow voice . " you do n't want to get yourself into trouble now . " " no , " say Umbridge breathlessly , glance up at the towering figure of Kingsley . " I mean , yes -- you be right , Shacklebolt -- I -- I forget myself . " Marietta be stand exactly where Umbridge have release her . she seem neither perturb by Umbridge 's sudden attack , nor relieve by her release . she be still clutch her robe up to her oddly blank eye , stare straight ahead of her . a sudden suspicion connect to Kingsley 's whisper and the thing he have feel shoot past him spring into Harry 's mind . " Dolores , " say Fudge , with the air of try to settle something once and for all , " the meeting tonight -- the one we know definitely happen -- " " Yes , " say Umbridge , pull herself together , " yes ... well , Miss Edgecombe tip me off and I proceed at once to the seventh floor , accompany by certain trustworthy student , so as to catch those in the meeting red-handed . it appear that they be forewarn of my arrival , however , because when we reach the seventh floor they be run in every direction . it do not matter , however . I have all their name here , Miss Parkinson run into the Room of Requirement for me to see if they have leave anything behind . ... we need evidence and the room provide ... " and to Harry 's horror , she withdraw from her pocket the list of name that have be pin upon the Room of Requirement 's wall and hand it to Fudge . " the moment I see Potter 's name on the list , I know what we be deal with , " she say softly . " excellent , " say Fudge , a smile spread across his face . " excellent , Dolores . and ... by thunder ... " he look up at Dumbledore , who be still stand beside Marietta , his wand hold loosely in his hand . " see what they have name themselves ? " say Fudge quietly . " Dumbledore 's army . " Dumbledore reach out and take the piece of parchment from Fudge . he gaze at the heading scribble by Hermione month before and for a moment seem unable to speak . then he look up , smile . " well , the game be up , " he say simply . " would you like a written confession from me , Cornelius -- or will a statement before these witness suffice ? " Harry see McGonagall and Kingsley look at each other . there be fear in both face . he do not understand what be go on , and neither , apparently , do Fudge . " statement ? " say Fudge slowly . " what -- I do n't -- ? " " Dumbledore 's Army , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore , still smile as he wave the list of name before Fudge 's face . " not Potter 's Army . Dumbledore 's army . " " but -- but -- " Understanding blaze suddenly in Fudge 's face . he take a horrify step backward , yelp , and jump out of the fire again . " you ? " he whisper , stamp again on his smolder cloak . " that be right , " say Dumbledore pleasantly . " you organize this ? " " I do , " say Dumbledore . " you recruit these student for -- for your army ? " " tonight be suppose to be the first meeting , " say Dumbledore , nod . " merely to see whether they would be interested in join me . I see now that it be a mistake to invite Miss Edgecombe , of course . " Marietta nod . fudge look from her to Dumbledore , his chest swelling . " then you have be plot against me ! " he yell . " that be right , " say Dumbledore cheerfully . " no ! " shout Harry . Kingsley flash a look of warn at him , McGonagall widen her eye threateningly , but it have suddenly dawn upon Harry what Dumbledore be about to do , and he could not let it happen . " no -- Professor Dumbledore ! " " be quiet , Harry , or I be afraid you will have to leave my office , " say Dumbledore calmly . " yes , shut up , Potter ! " bark Fudge , who be still ogle Dumbledore with a kind of horrify delight . " well , well , well -- I come here tonight expect to expel Potter and instead -- " " instead you get to arrest me , " say Dumbledore , smile . " it be like lose a Knut and find a Galleon , be n't it ? " " Weasley ! " cry Fudge , now positively quiver with delight , " Weasley , have you write it all down , everything he be say , his confession , have you get it ? " " yes , sir , I think so , sir ! " say Percy eagerly , whose nose be splatter with ink from the speed of his note-taking . " the bit about how he have be try to build up an army against the Ministry , how he have be work to destabilize me ? " " yes , sir , I have get it , yes ! " say Percy , scan his note joyfully . " very well , then , " say Fudge , now radiant with glee . " duplicate your note , Weasley , and send a copy to the Daily Prophet at once . if we send a fast owl we should make the morning edition ! " Percy dash from the room , slam the door behind him , and Fudge turn back to Dumbledore . " you will now be escort back to the Ministry , where you will be formally charge and then send to Azkaban to await trial ! " " ah , " say Dumbledore gently , " yes . yes , I think we might hit that little snag . " " snag ? " say Fudge , his voice still vibrate with joy . " I see no snag , Dumbledore ! " " well , " say Dumbledore apologetically , " I be afraid I do . " " oh really ? " " well -- it be just that you seem to be labor under the delusion that I be go to -- what be the phrase ? ' come quietly ' I be afraid I be not go to come quietly at all , Cornelius . I have absolutely no intention of be send to Azkaban . I could break out , of course -- but what a waste of time , and frankly , I can think of a whole host of thing I would rather be do . " Umbridge 's face be grow steadily red , she look as though she be be fill with boil water . fudge stare at Dumbledore with a very silly expression on his face , as though he have just be stun by a sudden blow and could not quite believe it have happen . he make a small choke noise and then look around at Kingsley and the man with short gray hair , who alone of everyone in the room have remain entirely silent so far . the latter give Fudge a reassuring nod and move forward a little , away from the wall . Harry see his hand drift , almost casually , toward his pocket . " do n't be silly , Dawlish , " say Dumbledore kindly . " I be sure you be an excellent Auror , I seem to remember that you achieve ' outstanding ' in all your N.E.W.T.s , but if you attempt to -- er -- ' bring me in ' by force , I will have to hurt you . " the man call Dawlish blink , look rather foolish . he look toward Fudge again , but this time seem to be hope for a clue as to what to do next . " so , " sneer Fudge , recover himself , " you intend to take on Dawlish , Shacklebolt , Dolores , and myself single-handed , do you , Dumbledore ? " " Merlin 's beard , no , " say Dumbledore , smile . " not unless you be foolish enough to force me to . " " he will not be single-handed ! " say Professor McGonagall loudly , plunge her hand inside her robe . " oh yes he will , Minerva ! " say Dumbledore sharply . " Hogwarts need you ! " " enough of this rubbish ! " say Fudge , pull out his own wand . " Dawlish ! Shacklebolt ! take him ! " a streak of silver light flash around the room . there be a bang like a gunshot , and the floor tremble . a hand grab the scruff of Harry 's neck and force him down on the floor as a second silver flash go off -- several of the portrait yell , Fawkes screech , and a cloud of dust fill the air . cough in the dust , Harry see a dark figure fall to the ground with a crash in front of him . there be a shriek and a thud and somebody cry , " no ! " then the sound of break glass , frantically scuffle footstep , a groan -- and silence . Harry struggle around to see who be half-strangling him and see Professor McGonagall crouch beside him . she have force both him and Marietta out of harm 's way . dust be still float gently down through the air onto them . pant slightly , Harry see a very tall figure move toward them . " be you all right ? " say Dumbledore . " yes ! " say Professor McGonagall , get up and drag Harry and Marietta with her . the dust be clear . the wreckage of the office loom into view : Dumbledore 's desk have be overturn , all of the spindly table have be knock to the floor , their silver instrument in piece . Fudge , Umbridge , Kingsley , and Dawlish lie motionless on the floor . Fawkes the phoenix soar in wide circle above them , sing softly . " unfortunately , I have to hex Kingsley too , or it would have look very suspicious , " say Dumbledore in a low voice . " he be remarkably quick on the uptake , modify Miss Edgecombe 's memory like that while everyone be look the other way -- thank him for me , wo n't you , Minerva ? " now , they will all awake very soon and it will be good if they do not know that we have time to communicate -- you must act as though no time have pass , as though they be merely knock to the ground , they will not remember -- " " where will you go , Dumbledore ? " whisper Professor McGonagall . " Grimmauld Place ? " " oh no , " say Dumbledore with a grim smile . " I be not leave to go into hiding . fudge will soon wish he have never dislodge me from Hogwarts , I promise you . ... " " Professor Dumbledore ... " Harry begin . he do not know what to say first : how sorry he be that he have start the D.A. in the first place and cause all this trouble , or how terrible he feel that Dumbledore be leave to save him from expulsion ? but Dumbledore cut him off before he could say another word . " listen to me , Harry , " he say urgently , " you must study Occlumency as hard as you can , do you understand me ? do everything Professor Snape tell you and practice it particularly every night before sleep so that you can close your mind to bad dream -- you will understand why soon enough , but you must promise me -- " the man call Dawlish be stir . Dumbledore seize Harry 's wrist . " remember -- close your mind -- " but as Dumbledore 's finger close over Harry 's skin , a pain shot through the scar on his forehead , and he feel again that terrible , snakelike longing to strike Dumbledore , to bite him , to hurt him - " - you will understand , " whisper Dumbledore . Fawkes circle the office and swoop low over him . Dumbledore release Harry , raise his hand , and grasp the phoenix 's long golden tail . there be a flash of fire and the pair of them have go . " where be he ? " yell Fudge , push himself up from the ground . " where be he ? " " I do n't know ! " shout Kingsley , also leap to his foot . " well , he ca n't have Disapparated ! " cry Umbridge . " you ca n't inside this school -- " " the stair ! " cry Dawlish , and he fling himself upon the door , wrench it open , and disappear , follow closely by Kingsley and Umbridge . Fudge hesitate , then get to his foot slowly , brush dust from his front . there be a long and painful silence . " well , Minerva , " say Fudge nastily , straighten his torn shirtsleeve , " I be afraid this be the end of your friend Dumbledore . " " you think so , do you ? " say Professor McGonagall scornfully . fudge seem not to hear her . he be look around at the wreck office . a few of the portrait hiss at him ; one or two even make rude hand gesture . " you will well get those two off to bed , " say Fudge , look back at Professor McGonagall with a dismissive nod toward Harry and Marietta . she say nothing , but march Harry and Marietta to the door . as it swing closed behind them , Harry hear Phineas Nigellus 's voice . " you know , Minister , I disagree with Dumbledore on many count ... but you can deny he 's get style . ... " Snape 's Worst Memory the notice have go up all over the school overnight , but they do not explain how every single person within the castle seem to know that Dumbledore have overcome two Aurors , the High Inquisitor , the Minister of Magic , and his Junior Assistant to escape . no matter where Harry go within the castle next day , the sole topic of conversation be Dumbledore 's flight , and though some of the detail might have go awry in the retell ( Harry overhear one second-year girl assure another that Fudge be now lie in St. Mungo 's with a pumpkin for a head ) , it be surprising how accurate the rest of their information be . everybody seem aware , for instance , that Harry and Marietta be the only student to have witness the scene in Dumbledore 's office , and as Marietta be now in the hospital wing , Harry find himself besiege with request to give a firsthand account wherever he go . " Dumbledore will be back before long , " say Ernie Macmillan confidently on the way back from Herbology after listen intently to Harry 's story . " they could n't keep him away in our second year and they wo n't be able to this time . the Fat Friar tell me ... " he drop his voice conspiratorially , so that Harry , Ron , and Hermione have to lean closer to him to hear , " ... that Umbridge try to get back into his office last night after they have search the castle and ground for him . could n't get past the gargoyle . the Head 's office have seal itself against her . " Ernie smirk . " apparently she have a right little tantrum . ... " " oh , I expect she really fancy herself sit up there in the Head 's office , " say Hermione viciously , as they walk up the stone step into the entrance hall . " lord it over all the other teacher , the stupid puffed-up , power-crazy old -- " " now , do you really want to finish that sentence , Granger ? " Draco Malfoy have slide out from behind the door , follow by Crabbe and Goyle . his pale , point face be alight with malice . " afraid I be go to have to dock a few point from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff , " he drawl . " it be only teacher that can dock point from Houses , Malfoy , " say Ernie at once . " yeah , we be prefect too , remember ? " snarl Ron . " I know prefect ca n't dock point , Weasel King , " sneer Malfoy ; Crabbe and Goyle snigger . " but member of the Inquisitorial Squad -- " " the what ? " say Hermione sharply . " the Inquisitorial Squad , Granger , " say Malfoy , point toward a tiny silver I upon his robe just beneath his prefect 's badge . " a select group of student who be supportive of the Ministry of Magic , hand-pick by Professor Umbridge . anyway , member of the Inquisitorial Squad do have the power to dock point . ... so , Granger , I will have five from you for be rude about our new headmistress . ... Macmillan , five for contradict me . ... Five because I do n't like you , Potter ... Weasley , your shirt be untuck , so I will have another five for that . ... oh yeah , I forget , you be a Mudblood , Granger , so ten for that . ... " Ron pull out his wand , but Hermione push it away , whisper , " do n't ! " " wise move , Granger , " breathe Malfoy . " New Head , new time ... be good now , Potty ... Weasel King ... " he stride away , laugh heartily with Crabbe and Goyle . " he be bluff , " say Ernie , look appall . " he ca n't be allow to dock point ... that would be ridiculous . ... it would completely undermine the prefect system . ... " but Harry , Ron , and Hermione have turn automatically toward the giant hourglass set in niche along the wall behind them , which record the House point . Gryffindor and Ravenclaw have be neck and neck in the lead that morning . even as they watch , stone fly upward , reduce the amount in the low bulb . in fact , the only glass that seem unchanged be the emerald-filled one of Slytherin . " noticed , have you ? " say Fred 's voice . he and George have just come down the marble staircase and join Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Ernie in front of the hourglass . " Malfoy just dock us all about fifty point , " say Harry furiously , as they watch several more stone fly upward from the Gryffindor hourglass . " yeah , Montague try to do us during break , " say George . " what do you mean , ' try ' ? " say Ron quickly . " he never manage to get all the word out , " say Fred , " due to the fact that we force him headfirst into that Vanishing Cabinet on the first floor . " Hermione look very shocked . " but you will get into terrible trouble ! " " not until Montague reappear , and that could take week , I dunno where we send him , " say Fred coolly . " anyway ... we have decide we do n't care about get into trouble anymore . " " have you ever ? " ask Hermione . " ' Course we have , " say George . " never be expel , have we ? " " we have always know where to draw the line , " say Fred . " we might have put a toe across it occasionally , " say George . " but we have always stop short of cause real mayhem , " say Fred . " but now ? " say Ron tentatively . " well , now -- " say George . " - what with Dumbledore go -- " say Fred . " - we reckon a bit of mayhem -- " say George . " - be exactly what our dear new Head deserve , " say Fred . " you must n't ! " whisper Hermione . " you really must n't ! she will love a reason to expel you ! " " you do n't get it , Hermione , do you ? " say Fred , smile at her . " we do n't care about stay anymore . we will walk out right now if we be n't determine to do our bit for Dumbledore first . so anyway , " he check his watch , " phase one be about to begin . I will get in the Great Hall for lunch if I be you , that way the teacher will see you ca n't have have anything to do with it . " " anything to do with what ? " say Hermione anxiously . " you will see , " say George . " run along , now . " Fred and George turn away and disappear in the swell crowd descend the stair toward lunch . look highly disconcert , Ernie mutter something about unfinished transfiguration homework and scurry away . " I think we should get out of here , you know , " say Hermione nervously . " just in case ... " " Yeah , all right , " say Ron , and the three of them move toward the door to the Great Hall , but Harry have barely glimpse today 's ceiling of scud white cloud when somebody tap him on the shoulder and , turn , he find himself almost nose to nose with Filch , the caretaker . he take several hasty step backward ; Filch be well view at a distance . " the headmistress would like to see you , Potter , " he leer . " I do n't do it , " say Harry stupidly , think of whatever Fred and George be plan . filch 's jowl wobble with silent laughter . " guilty conscience , eh ? " he wheeze . " follow me . ... " Harry glance back at Ron and Hermione , who be both look worry . he shrug and follow Filch back into the entrance hall , against the tide of hungry student . filch seem to be in an extremely good mood ; he hum creakily under his breath as they climb the marble staircase . as they reach the first landing he say , " thing be change around here , Potter . " " I have notice , " say Harry coldly . " Yerse ... I have be tell Dumbledore for year and year he be too soft with you all , " say Filch , chuckle nastily . " you filthy little beast would never have drop Stinkpellets if you have know I have it in my power to whip you raw , would you , now ? nobody would have think of throw fanged Frisbee down the corridor if I could have string you up by the ankle in my office , would they ? but when Educational Decree Twenty-nine come in , Potter , I will be allow to do them thing . ... and she have ask the Minister to sign an order for the expulsion of Peeves . ... oh , thing be go to be very different around here with her in charge . ... " Umbridge have obviously go to some length to get Filch on her side , Harry think , and the bad of it be that he would probably prove an important weapon ; his knowledge of the school 's secret passageway and hiding place be probably second only to the Weasley twin . " here we be , " he say , leer down at Harry as he rap three time upon Professor Umbridge 's door and push it open . " the Potter boy to see you , ma'am . " Umbridge 's office , so very familiar to Harry from his many detention , be the same as usual except for the large wooden block lie across the front of her desk on which golden letter spell the word headmistress ; also his Firebolt , and Fred 's and George 's Clean-sweeps , which he see with a pang be now chain and padlock to a stout iron peg in the wall behind the desk . Umbridge be sit behind the desk , busily scribble upon some of her pink parchment , but look up and smile widely at their entrance . " thank you , Argus , " she say sweetly . " not at all , ma'am , not at all , " say Filch , bow as low as his rheumatism would permit , and exit backward . " sit , " say Umbridge curtly , point toward a chair , and Harry sit . she continue to scribble for a few moment . he watch some of the foul kitten gambol around the plate over her head , wonder what fresh horror she have in store for him . " well now , " she say finally , set down her quill and look like a toad about to swallow a particularly juicy fly . " what would you like to drink ? " " what ? " say Harry , quite sure he have mishear her . " to drink , Mr. Potter , " she say , smile still more widely . " tea ? coffee ? pumpkin juice ? " as she name each drink , she give her short wand a wave , and a cup or glass of it appear upon her desk . " nothing , thank you , " say Harry . " I wish you to have a drink with me , " she say , her voice become more dangerously sweet . " choose one . " " fine ... tea then , " say Harry , shrug . she get up and make quite a performance of add milk with her back to him . she then bustle around the desk with it , smile in sinisterly sweet fashion . " there , " she say , hand it to him . " drink it before it get cold , wo n't you ? well , now , Mr. Potter ... I think we ought to have a little chat , after the distressing event of last night . " he say nothing . she settle herself back into her seat and wait . when several long moment have pass in silence , she say gaily , " you be not drink up ! " he raise the cup to his lip and then , just as suddenly , lower it . one of the horrible painted kitten behind Umbridge have great round blue eye just like Mad-Eye Moody 's magical one , and it have just occur to Harry what Mad-Eye would say if he ever hear that Harry have drunk anything offer by a know enemy . " what be the matter ? " say Umbridge , who be still watch him . " do you want sugar ? " " no , " say Harry . he raise the cup to his lip again and pretend to take a sip , though keep his mouth tightly close . Umbridge 's smile widen . " good , " she whisper . " very good . now then ... " she lean forward a little . " where be Albus Dumbledore ? " " no idea , " say Harry promptly . " drink up , drink up , " she say , still smile . " now , Mr. Potter , let us not play childish game . I know that you know where he have go . you and Dumbledore have be in this together from the beginning . consider your position , Mr. Potter . ... " " I do n't know where he be . " Harry pretend to drink again . " very well , " say Umbridge , look displease . " in that case , you will kindly tell me the whereabouts of Sirius Black . " Harry 's stomach turn over and his hand hold the teacup shake so that the cup rattle in its saucer . he tilt the cup to his mouth with his lip press together , so that some of the hot liquid trickle down onto his robe . " I do n't know , " he say a little too quickly . " Mr. Potter , " say Umbridge , " let me remind you that it be I who almost catch the criminal black in the Gryffindor fire in October . I know perfectly well it be you he be meeting and if I have have any proof neither of you would be at large today , I promise you . I repeat , Mr. Potter ... where be Sirius Black ? " " no idea , " say Harry loudly . " have n't get a clue . " they stare at each other so long that Harry feel his eye watering . then she stand up . " very well , Potter , I will take your word for it this time , but be warn : the might of the Ministry stand behind me . all channel of communication in and out of this school be be monitor . a Floo Network Regulator be keep watch over every fire in Hogwarts -- except my own , of course . my Inquisitorial Squad be open and read all owl post enter and leave the castle . and Mr. Filch be observe all secret passage in and out of the castle . if I find a shred of evidence ... " Boom ! the very floor of the office shake ; Umbridge slip sideways , clutch her desk for support , look shock . " what be -- ? " she be gaze toward the door ; Harry take the opportunity to empty his almost full cup of tea into the near vase of dry flower . he could hear people run and scream several floor below . " back to lunch with you , Potter ! " cry Umbridge , raise her wand and dash out of the office . Harry give her a few second ' start then hurried after her to see what the source of all the uproar be . it be not difficult to find . one floor down , pandemonium reign . somebody ( and Harry have a very shrewd idea who ) have set off what seem to be an enormous crate of enchant firework . dragon comprise entirely of green-and-gold spark be soar up and down the corridor , emit loud fiery blast and bang as they go . shocking-pink Catherine wheel five foot in diameter be whiz lethally through the air like so many fly saucer . rocket with long tail of brilliant silver star be ricochet off the wall . sparkler be write swearword in midair of their own accord . firecracker be explode like mine everywhere Harry look , and instead of burn themselves out , fade from sight , or fizzle to a halt , these pyrotechnical miracle seem to be gain in energy and momentum the longer he watch . filch and Umbridge be stand , apparently transfix with horror , halfway down the stair . as Harry watch , one of the large Catherine wheel seem to decide that what it need be more room to maneuver ; it whirl toward Umbridge and Filch with a sinister wheeeeeeeeee . both adult yell with fright and duck and it soar straight out of the window behind them and off across the ground . meanwhile , several of the dragon and a large purple bat that be smoking ominously take advantage of the open door at the end of the corridor to escape toward the second floor . " hurry , Filch , hurry ! " shriek Umbridge . " they will be all over the school unless we do something -- Stupefy ! " a jet of red light shoot out of the end of her wand and hit one of the rocket . instead of freezing in midair , it explode with such force that it blast a hole in a painting of a soppy-looking witch in the middle of a meadow -- she run for it just in time , reappear second later squash into the painting next door , where a couple of wizard play card stand up hastily to make room for her . " do n't Stun them , Filch ! " shout Umbridge angrily , for all the world as though it have be his suggestion . " right you be , Headmistress ! " wheeze Filch , who be a Squib and could no more have stun the firework than swallow them . he dash to a nearby cupboard , pull out a broom , and begin swat at the firework in midair ; within second the head of the broom be ablaze . Harry have see enough . laughing , he duck down low , run to a door he know be conceal behind a tapestry a little way along the corridor and slip through it to find Fred and George hide just behind it , listen to Umbridge 's and Filch 's yell and quak with suppress mirth . " impressive , " Harry say quietly , grin . " very impressive ... you will put Dr. Filibuster out of business , no problem . ... " " Cheers , " whisper George , wipe tear of laughter from his face . " oh , I hope she try vanish them next . ... they multiply by ten every time you try . ... " the firework continue to burn and to spread all over the school that afternoon . though they cause plenty of disruption , particularly the firecracker , the other teacher do not seem to mind them very much . " dear , dear , " say Professor McGonagall sardonically , as one of the dragon soar around her classroom , emit loud bang and exhale flame . " Miss Brown , would you mind run along to the headmistress and inform her that we have an escape firework in our classroom ? " the upshot of it all be that Professor Umbridge spend her first afternoon as headmistress run all over the school answer the summons of the other teacher , none of whom seem able to rid their room of the firework without her . when the final bell ring and the student be head back to Gryffindor Tower with their bag , Harry see , with immense satisfaction , a dishevel and soot-blackened Umbridge totter sweaty-faced from Professor Flitwick 's classroom . " thank you so much , Professor ! " say Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice . " I could have get rid of the sparkler myself , of course , but I be n't sure whether I have the authority . ... " Beaming , he close his classroom door in her snarl face . Fred and George be hero that night in the Gryffindor common room . even Hermione fight her way through the excited crowd around them to congratulate them . " they be wonderful firework , " she say admiringly . " thanks , " say George , look both surprise and please . " Weasleys ' Wildfire Whiz-Bangs . only thing be , we use our whole stock , we be go to have to start again from scratch now . ... " " it be worth it , though , " say Fred , who be take order from clamor Gryffindors . " if you want to add your name to the wait list , Hermione , it 's five Galleons for your basic Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagration Deluxe . ... " Hermione return to the table where Harry and Ron be sit stare at their schoolbags as though hope their homework might spring out of it and start do itself . " oh , why do n't we have a night off ? " say Hermione brightly , as a silver-tailed Weasley rocket zoom past the window . " after all , the Easter holiday start on Friday , we will have plenty of time then . ... " " be you feel all right ? " Ron ask , stare at her in disbelief . " now you mention it , " say Hermione happily , " d'you know ... I think I be feel a bit ... rebellious . " Harry could still hear the distant bang of escape firecracker when he and Ron go up to bed an hour later , and as he get undress a sparkler float past the tower , still resolutely spell out the word Poo . he get into bed , yawn . with his glass off , the occasional fire-work still pass the window become blur , look like sparkling cloud , beautiful and mysterious against the black sky . he turn onto his side , wonder how Umbridge be feel about her first day in Dumbledore 's job , and how Fudge would react when he hear that the school have spend most of the day in a state of advanced disruption . ... smile to himself , he close his eye . ... the whizz and bang of escape firework in the ground seem to be grow more distant ... or perhaps he , Harry , be simply speed away from them . ... he have fall right into the corridor lead to the Department of Mysteries . he be speed toward the plain black door . ... let it open . ... let it open . ... it do . he be inside the circular room line with door . ... he cross it , place his hand upon an identical door , and it swing inward . ... now he be in a long , rectangular room full of an odd , mechanical click . there be dance fleck of light on the wall but he do not pause to investigate . ... he have to go on . ... there be a door at the far end . ... it too open at his touch . ... and now he be in a dimly light room as high and wide as a church , full of nothing but row and row of towering shelf , each laden with small , dusty , spun-glass sphere . ... now Harry 's heart be beat fast with excitement . ... he know where to go . ... he run forward , but his footstep make no noise in the enormous , desert room . ... there be something in this room he want very , very much . ... something he want . ... or somebody else want . ... his scar be hurt . ... Bang ! Harry awake instantly , confused and angry . the dark dormitory be full of the sound of laughter . " cool ! " say Seamus , who be silhouette against the window . " I think one of those Catherine wheel hit a rocket and it be like they mate , come and see ! " Harry hear Ron and Dean scramble out of bed for a good look . he lie quite still and silent while the pain in his scar subside and disappointment wash over him . he feel as though a wonderful treat have be snatch from him at the very last moment . ... he have get so close that time . ... Glittering , pink-and-silver wing piglet be now soar past the window of Gryffindor Tower . Harry lie and listen to the appreciative whoop of Gryffindors in the dormitory below them . his stomach give a sickening jolt as he remember that he have Occlumency the follow evening . ... Harry spend the whole of the next day dread what Snape be go to say if he find out how much farther into the Department of Mysteries he have penetrate during his last dream . with a surge of guilt he realize that he have not practice Occlumency once since their last lesson : there have be too much go on since Dumbledore have leave . he be sure he would not have be able to empty his mind even if he have try . he doubt , however , whether Snape would accept that excuse . ... he attempt a little last-minute practice during class that day , but it be no good , Hermione keep ask him what be wrong whenever he fall silent try to rid himself of all thought and emotion and , after all , the good moment to empty his brain be not while teacher be fire review question at the class . resign to the bad , he set off for Snape 's office after dinner . halfway across the entrance hall , however , Cho come hurry up to him . " over here , " say Harry , glad of a reason to postpone his meeting with Snape and beckon her across to the corner of the entrance hall where the giant hourglass stand . Gryffindor 's be now almost empty . " be you okay ? Umbridge have n't be ask you about the D.A. , have she ? " " oh no , " say Cho hurriedly . " no , it be only ... well , I just want to say ... Harry , I never dream Marietta would tell . ... " " Yeah , well , " say Harry moodily . he do feel Cho might have choose her friend a bit more carefully . it be small consolation that the last he have hear , Marietta be still up in the hospital wing and Madam Pomfrey have not be able to make the slight improvement to her pimple . " she be a lovely person really , " say Cho . " she just make a mistake -- " Harry look at her incredulously . " a lovely person who make a mistake ? she sell us all out , include you ! " " well ... we all get away , do n't we ? " say Cho pleadingly . " you know , her mum work for the Ministry , it be really difficult for her -- " " Ron 's dad work for the Ministry too ! " Harry say furiously . " and in case you have n't notice , he have n't get ' sneak ' write across his face -- " " that be a really horrible trick of Hermione Granger 's , " say Cho fiercely . " she should have tell us she have jinx that list -- " " I think it be a brilliant idea , " say Harry coldly . Cho flush and her eye grow bright . " oh yes , I forget -- of course , if it be darling Hermione 's idea -- " " do n't start cry again , " say Harry warningly . " I be n't go to ! " she shout . " yeah ... well ... good , " he say . " I have get enough to cope with at the moment . " " go and cope with it then ! " she say furiously , turn on her heel and stalk off . fume , Harry descend the stair to Snape 's dungeon , and though he know from experience how much easy it would be for Snape to penetrate his mind if he arrive angry and resentful , he succeed in nothing but think of a few more good thing he should have say to Cho about Marietta before reach the dungeon door . " you be late , Potter , " say Snape coldly , as Harry close the door behind him . Snape be stand with his back to Harry , remove , as usual , certain of his thought and place them carefully in Dumbledore 's Pensieve . he drop the last silvery strand into the stone basin and turn to face Harry . " so , " he say . " have you be practice ? " " yes , " Harry lie , look carefully at one of the leg of Snape 's desk . " well , we will soon find out , wo n't we ? " say Snape smoothly . " wand out , Potter . " Harry move into his usual position , face Snape with the desk between them . his heart be pump fast with anger at Cho and anxiety about how much Snape be about to extract from his mind . " on the count of three then , " say Snape lazily . " one -- two -- " Snape 's office door bang open and Draco Malfoy speed in . " Professor Snape , sir -- oh -- sorry -- " Malfoy be look at Snape and Harry in some surprise . " it be all right , Draco , " say Snape , lower his wand . " Potter be here for a little remedial potion . " Harry have not see Malfoy look so gleeful since Umbridge have turn up to inspect Hagrid . " I do n't know , " he say , leer at Harry , who know his face be burn . he would have give a great deal to be able to shout the truth at Malfoy -- or , even good , to hit him with a good curse . " well , Draco , what be it ? " ask Snape . " it be Professor Umbridge , sir -- she need your help , " say Malfoy . " they have find Montague , sir . he be turn up jammed inside a toilet on the fourth floor . " " how do he get in there ? " demand Snape . " I do n't know , sir , he be a bit confuse . ... " " Very well , very well -- Potter , " say Snape , " we shall resume this lesson tomorrow evening instead . " he turn and sweep from his office . Malfoy mouth " remedial potion ? " at Harry behind Snape 's back before follow him . seething , Harry replace his wand inside his robe and make to leave the room . at least he have twenty-four more hour in which to practice ; he know he ought to feel grateful for the narrow escape , though it be hard that it come at the expense of Malfoy tell the whole school that he need remedial potion . ... he be at the office door when he see it : a patch of shiver light dancing on the door frame . he stop , look at it , remind of something . ... then he remember : it be a little like the light he have see in his dream last night , the light in the second room he have walk through on his journey through the Department of Mysteries . he turn around . the light be come from the Pensieve sit on Snape 's desk . the silver-white content be ebb and swirl within . Snape 's thought ... thing he do not want Harry to see if he break through Snape 's defense accidentally . ... Harry gaze at the Pensieve , curiosity well inside him . ... what be it that Snape be so keen to hide from Harry ? the silvery light shiver on the wall . ... Harry take two step toward the desk , think hard . could it possibly be information about the Department of Mysteries that Snape be determine to keep from him ? Harry look over his shoulder , his heart now pump harder and faster than ever . how long would it take Snape to release Montague from the toilet ? would he come straight back to his office afterward , or accompany Montague to the hospital wing ? surely the latter ... Montague be Captain of the Slytherin Quidditch team , Snape would want to make sure he be all right . ... Harry walk the remain few foot to the Pensieve and stand over it , gaze into its depth . he hesitate , listen , then pull out his wand again . the office and the corridor beyond be completely silent . he give the content of the Pensieve a small prod with the end of his wand . the silvery stuff within begin to swirl very fast . Harry lean forward over it and see that it have become transparent . he be , once again , look down into a room as though through a circular window in the ceiling . ... in fact , unless he be much mistake , he be look down upon the Great Hall . ... his breath be actually fog the surface of Snape 's thought . ... his brain seem to be in limbo . ... it would be insane to do the thing that he be so strongly tempt to do . ... he be tremble . ... Snape could be back at any moment ... but Harry think of Cho 's anger , of Malfoy 's jeer face , and a reckless daring seize him . he take a great gulp of breath and plunge his face into the surface of Snape 's thought . at once , the floor of the office lurch , tip Harry headfirst into the Pensieve . ... he be fall through cold blackness , spin furiously as he go , and then - he be stand in the middle of the Great Hall , but the four House table be go . instead there be more than a hundred small table , all face the same way , at each of which sit a student , head bent low , scribble on a roll of parchment . the only sound be the scratch of quill and the occasional rustle as somebody adjust their parchment . it be clearly exam time . sunshine be stream through the high window onto the bent head , which shine chestnut and copper and gold in the bright light . Harry look around carefully . Snape have to be here somewhere . ... this be his memory . ... and there he be , at a table right behind Harry . Harry stare . Snape-the-teenager have a stringy , pallid look about him , like a plant keep in the dark . his hair be lank and greasy and be flop onto the table , his hooked nose barely half an inch from the surface of the parchment as he scribble . Harry move around behind Snape and read the heading of the examination paper : defense Against THE Dark Arts - ORDINARY WIZARDING Level so Snape have to be fifteen or sixteen , around Harry 's own age . his hand be fly across the parchment ; he have write at least a foot more than his close neighbor , and yet his writing be minuscule and cramped . " five more minute ! " the voice make Harry jump ; turn , he see the top of Professor Flitwick 's head move between the desk a short distance away . Professor Flitwick be walk past a boy with untidy black hair ... very untidy black hair . ... Harry move so quickly that , have he be solid , he would have knock desk fly . instead he seem to slide , dreamlike , across two aisle and up a third . the back of the black-haired boy 's head draw near and near . ... he be straighten up now , put down his quill , pull his roll of parchment toward him so as to reread what he have write . ... Harry stop in front of the desk and gaze down at his fifteen-year-old father . excitement explode in the pit of his stomach : it be as though he be look at himself but with deliberate mistake . James 's eye be hazel , his nose be slightly longer than Harry 's , and there be no scar on his forehead , but they have the same thin face , same mouth , same eyebrow . James 's hair stick up at the back exactly as Harry 's do , his hand could have be Harry 's , and Harry could tell that when James stand up , they would be within an inch of each other 's height . James yawn hugely and rumple up his hair , make it even messy than it have be . then , with a glance toward Professor Flitwick , he turn in his seat and grin at a boy sit four seat behind him . with another shock of excitement , Harry see Sirius give James the thumbs-up . Sirius be lounge in his chair at his ease , tilt it back on two leg . he be very good-looking ; his dark hair fall into his eye with a sort of casual elegance neither James 's nor Harry 's could ever have achieve , and a girl sit behind him be eye him hopefully , though he do n't seem to have notice . and two seat along from this girl -- Harry 's stomach give another pleasurable squirm -- be Remus Lupin . he look rather pale and peaky ( be the full moon approach ? ) and be absorb in the exam : as he reread his answer he scratch his chin with the end of his quill , frown slightly . so that mean Wormtail have to be around here somewhere too ... and sure enough , Harry spot him within second : a small , mousy-haired boy with a pointed nose . Wormtail look anxious ; he be chew his fingernail , stare down at his paper , scuff the ground with his toe . every now and then he glance hopefully at his neighbor 's paper . Harry stare at Wormtail for a moment , then back at James , who be now doodle on a bit of scrap parchment . he have draw a Snitch and be now trace the letter L. E. what do they stand for ? " quill down , please ! " squeak Professor Flitwick . " that mean you too , Stebbins ! please remain seat while I collect your parchment ! Accio ! " more than a hundred roll of parchment zoom into the air and into Professor Flitwick 's outstretch arm , knock him backward off his foot . several people laugh . a couple of student at the front desk get up , take hold of Professor Flitwick beneath the elbow , and lift him onto his foot again . " thank you ... thank you , " pant Professor Flitwick . " very well , everybody , you be free to go ! " Harry look down at his father , who have hastily cross out the L. E. he have be embellish , jump to his foot , stuff his quill and the exam question paper into his bag , which he sling over his back , and stand wait for Sirius to join him . Harry look around and glimpse Snape a short way away , move between the table toward the door into the entrance hall , still absorb in his own examination paper . round-shouldered yet angular , he walk in a twitchy manner that recall a spider , his oily hair swing about his face . a gang of chatter girl separate Snape from James and Sirius , and by plant himself in the midst of this group , Harry manage to keep Snape in sight while strain his ear to catch the voice of James and his friend . " do you like question ten , Moony ? " ask Sirius as they emerge into the entrance hall . " love it , " say Lupin briskly . " ' give five sign that identify the werewolf . ' excellent question . " " D'you think you manage to get all the sign ? " say James in tone of mock concern . " think I do , " say Lupin seriously , as they join the crowd throng around the front door eager to get out into the sunlit ground . " one : he be sit on my chair . two : he be wear my clothes . three : his name 's Remus Lupin ... " Wormtail be the only one who do n't laugh . " I get the snout shape , the pupil of the eye , and the tufted tail , " he say anxiously , " but I could n't think what else -- " " how thick be you , Wormtail ? " say James impatiently . " you run round with a werewolf once a month -- " " keep your voice down , " implore Lupin . Harry look anxiously behind him again . Snape remain close by , still bury in his examination question ; but this be Snape 's memory , and Harry be sure that if Snape choose to wander off in a different direction once outside in the ground , he , Harry , would not be able to follow James any farther . to his intense relief , however , when James and his three friend stride off down the lawn toward the lake , Snape follow , still pore over the paper and apparently with no fix idea of where he be go . by jog a little ahead of him , Harry manage to maintain a close watch on James and the other . " well , I think that paper be a piece of cake , " he hear Sirius say . " I will be surprise if I do n't get outstanding on it at least . " " me too , " say James . he put his hand in his pocket and take out a struggle Golden Snitch . " where will you get that ? " " nick it , " say James casually . he start play with the Snitch , allow it to fly as much as a foot away and seize it again ; his reflex be excellent . Wormtail watch him in awe . they stop in the shade of the very same beech tree on the edge of the lake where Harry , Ron , and Hermione have spend a Sunday finish their homework , and throw themselves down on the grass . Harry look over his shoulder yet again and see , to his delight , that Snape have settle himself on the grass in the dense shadow of a clump of bush . he be as deeply immerse in the O.W.L. paper as ever , which leave Harry free to sit down on the grass between the beech and the bush and watch the foursome under the tree . the sunlight be dazzling on the smooth surface of the lake , on the bank of which the group of laugh girl who have just leave the Great Hall be sit with shoe and sock off , cool their foot in the water . lupin have pull out a book and be read . Sirius stare around at the student mill over the grass , look rather haughty and bored , but very handsomely so . James be still play with the Snitch , let it zoom farther and farther away , almost escape but always grab at the last second . Wormtail be watch him with his mouth open . every time James make a particularly difficult catch , Wormtail gasp and applaud . after five minute of this , Harry wonder why James do n't tell Wormtail to get a grip on himself , but James seem to be enjoy the attention . Harry notice his father have a habit of rumple up his hair as though to make sure it do not get too tidy , and also that he keep look over at the girl by the water 's edge . " put that away , will you ? " say Sirius finally , as James make a fine catch and Wormtail let out a cheer . " before Wormtail wet himself from excitement . " Wormtail turn slightly pink but James grin . " if it bother you , " he say , stuff the Snitch back in his pocket . Harry have the distinct impression that Sirius be the only one for whom James would have stop show off . " I be bore , " say Sirius . " wish it be full moon . " " you might , " say Lupin darkly from behind his book . " we have still get transfiguration , if you be bored you could test me . ... here . " he hold out his book . Sirius snort . " I do n't need to look at that rubbish , I know it all . " " this will liven you up , Padfoot , " say James quietly . " look who it be . ... " Sirius 's head turn . he have become very still , like a dog that have scent a rabbit . " excellent , " he say softly . " Snivellus . " Harry turn to see what Sirius be look at . Snape be on his foot again , and be stow the O.W.L. paper in his bag . as he emerge from the shadow of the bush and set off across the grass , Sirius and James stand up . lupin and Wormtail remain sit : lupin be still stare down at his book , though his eye be not move and a faint frown line have appear between his eyebrow . Wormtail be look from Sirius and James to Snape with a look of avid anticipation on his face . " all right , Snivellus ? " say James loudly . Snape react so fast it be as though he have be expect an attack : drop his bag , he plunge his hand inside his robe , and his wand be halfway into the air when James shout , " Expelliarmus ! " Snape 's wand fly twelve foot into the air and fall with a little thud in the grass behind him . Sirius let out a bark of laughter . " impedimenta ! " he say , point his wand at Snape , who be knock off his foot , halfway through a dive toward his own fallen wand . student all around have turn to watch . some of them have get to their foot and be edge near to watch . some look apprehensive , other entertain . Snape lie pant on the ground . James and Sirius advance on him , wand up , James glance over his shoulder at the girl at the water 's edge as he go . Wormtail be on his foot now , watch hungrily , edge around Lupin to get a clear view . " how will the exam go , Snivelly ? " say James . " I be watch him , his nose be touch the parchment , " say Sirius viciously . " there will be great grease mark all over it , they wo n't be able to read a word . " several people watching laugh ; Snape be clearly unpopular . Wormtail snigger shrilly . Snape be try to get up , but the jinx be still operate on him ; he be struggle , as though bind by invisible rope . " you -- wait , " he pant , stare up at James with an expression of pure loathing . " you -- wait . ... " " wait for what ? " say Sirius coolly . " what be you go to do , Snivelly , wipe your nose on us ? " Snape let out a stream of mixed swearword and hex , but his wand be ten foot away nothing happen . " wash out your mouth , " say James coldly . " Scourgify ! " pink soap bubble stream from Snape 's mouth at once ; the froth be cover his lip , make him gag , choke him - " leave him ALONE ! " James and Sirius look around . James 's free hand jump to his hair again . it be one of the girl from the lake edge . she have thick , dark red hair that fall to her shoulder and startlingly green almond-shaped eye -- Harry 's eye . Harry 's mother ... " all right , Evans ? " say James , and the tone of his voice be suddenly pleasant , deep , more mature . " leave him alone , " Lily repeat . she be look at James with every sign of great dislike . " what have he do to you ? " " well , " say James , appear to deliberate the point , " it be more the fact that he exist , if you know what I mean . ... " many of the surround watcher laugh , Sirius and Wormtail include , but Lupin , still apparently intent on his book , do n't , and neither do Lily . " you think you be funny , " she say coldly . " but you be just an arrogant , bully toerag , Potter . leave him alone . " " I will if you go out with me , Evans , " say James quickly . " go on ... go out with me , and I will never lay a wand on old Snivelly again . " behind him , the Impediment Jinx be wear off . Snape be begin to inch toward his fall wand , spit out soapsud as he crawl . " I would n't go out with you if it be a choice between you and the giant squid , " say Lily . " bad luck , Prongs , " say Sirius briskly , turn back to Snape . " OY ! " but too late ; Snape have direct his wand straight at James ; there be a flash of light and a gash appear on the side of James 's face , spatter his robe with blood . James whirl about ; a second flash of light later , Snape be hang upside down in the air , his robe fall over his head to reveal skinny , pallid leg and a pair of gray underpants . many people in the small crowd watching cheer . Sirius , James , and Wormtail roar with laughter . Lily , whose furious expression have twitch for an instant as though she be go to smile , say , " let him down ! " " certainly , " say James and he jerk his wand upward . Snape fall into a crumpled heap on the ground . disentangle himself from his robe , he get quickly to his foot , wand up , but Sirius say , " Petrificus Totalus ! " and Snape keel over again at once , rigid as a board . " leave HIM ALONE ! " Lily shout . she have her own wand out now . James and Sirius eye it warily . " ah , Evans , do n't make me hex you , " say James earnestly . " take the curse off him , then ! " James sigh deeply , then turn to Snape and mutter the countercurse . " there you go , " he say , as Snape struggle to his foot again , " you be lucky Evans be here , Snivellus -- " " I do n't need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her ! " Lily blink . " fine , " she say coolly . " I wo n't bother in future . and I will wash your pant if I be you , Snivellus . " " apologize to Evans ! " James roar at Snape , his wand point threateningly at him . " I do n't want you to make him apologize , " Lily shout , round on James . " you be as bad as he be . ... " " what ? " yelp James . " I have Never call you a -- you-know-what ! " " mess up your hair because you think it look cool to look like you have just get off your broomstick , show off with that stupid Snitch , walk down corridor and hex anyone who annoy you just because you can -- I be surprise your broomstick can get off the ground with that fat head on it . you make me Sick . " she turn on her heel and hurry away . " Evans ! " James shout after her , " Hey , Evans ! " but she do n't look back . " what be it with her ? " say James , try and fail to look as though this be a throwaway question of no real importance to him . " read between the line , I will say she think you be a bit conceited , mate , " say Sirius . " right , " say James , who look furious now , " right -- " there be another flash of light , and Snape be once again hang upside down in the air . " who want to see me take off Snivelly 's pant ? " but whether James really do take off Snape 's pant , Harry never find out . a hand have close tight over his upper arm , close with a pincerlike grip . wince , Harry look around to see who have hold of him , and see , with a thrill of horror , a fully grow , adult-sized Snape standing right beside him , white with rage . " have fun ? " Harry feel himself rise into the air . the summer 's day evaporate around him , he be float upward through icy blackness , Snape 's hand still tight upon his upper arm . then , with a swoop feeling as though he have turn head over heel in midair , his foot hit the stone floor of Snape 's dungeon , and he be stand again beside the Pensieve on Snape 's desk in the shadowy , present-day potion master 's study . " so , " say Snape , grip Harry 's arm so tightly Harry 's hand be start to feel numb . " so ... be enjoy yourself , Potter ? " " N-no ... " say Harry , try to free his arm . it be scary : Snape 's lip be shake , his face be white , his tooth be bare . " amusing man , your father , be n't he ? " say Snape , shake Harry so hard that his glass slip down his nose . " I -- do n't -- " Snape throw Harry from him with all his might . Harry fall hard onto the dungeon floor . " you will not tell anybody what you see ! " Snape bellow . " no , " say Harry , get to his foot as far from Snape as he could . " no , of course @card@ w -- " " get out , get out , I do n't want to see you in this office ever again ! " and as Harry hurtle toward the door , a jar of dead cockroach explode over his head . he wrench the door open and fly away up the corridor , stop only when he have put three floor between himself and Snape . there he lean against the wall , pant , and rub his bruise arm . he have no desire at all to return to Gryffindor Tower so early , nor to tell Ron and Hermione what he have just see . what be make Harry feel so horrify and unhappy be not be shout at or have jar throw at him -- it be that he know how it feel to be humiliate in the middle of a circle of onlooker , know exactly how Snape have feel as his father have taunt him , and that judge from what he have just see , his father have be every bit as arrogant as Snape have always tell him . Career Advice " but why have n't you get Occlumency lesson anymore ? " say Hermione , frown . " I have tell you , " Harry mutter . " Snape reckon I can carry on by myself now I have get the basic . ... " " so you have stop have funny dream ? " say Hermione skeptically . " pretty much , " say Harry , not look at her . " well , I do n't think Snape should stop until you be absolutely sure you can control them ! " say Hermione indignantly . " Harry , I think you should go back to him and ask -- " " no , " say Harry forcefully . " just drop it , Hermione , okay ? " it be the first day of the Easter holiday and Hermione , as be her custom , have spend a large part of the day draw up study schedule for the three of them . Harry and Ron have let her do it -- it be easier than argue with her and , in any case , they might come in useful . Ron have be startle to discover that there be only six week leave until their exam . " how can that come as a shock ? " Hermione demand , as she tap each little square on Ron 's schedule with her wand so that it flash a different color accord to its subject . " I dunno ... " say Ron , " there have be a lot go on . ... " " well , there you be , " she say , hand him his schedule , " if you follow that you should do fine . " Ron look down it gloomily , but then brighten . " you have give me an evening off every week ! " " that be for Quidditch practice , " say Hermione . the smile fade from Ron 's face . " what be the point ? " he say . " we have get about as much chance of win the Quidditch Cup this year as Dad 's get of become Minister of Magic . ... " Hermione say nothing . she be look at Harry , who be stare blankly at the opposite wall of the common room while Crookshanks paw at his hand , try to get his ear scratch . " what be wrong , Harry ? " " what ? " he say quickly . " nothing ... " he seize his copy of Defensive Magical Theory and pretend to be look something up in the index . Crookshanks give him up as a bad job and slink away under Hermione 's chair . " I see Cho earlier , " say Hermione tentatively , " and she look really miserable too . ... have you two have a row again ? " " Wha -- oh yeah , we have , " say Harry , seize gratefully on the excuse . " what about ? " " that sneak friend of hers , Marietta , " say Harry . " yeah , well , I do n't blame you ! " say Ron angrily , set down his study schedule . " if it have n't be for her ... " Ron go into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe , which Harry find helpful . all he have to do be look angry , nod , and say " yeah " and " that be right " whenever Ron draw breath , leave his mind free to dwell , ever more miserably , on what he have see in the Pensieve . he feel as though the memory of it be eat him from inside . he have be so sure that his parent have be wonderful people that he never have the slight difficulty in disbelieve Snape 's aspersion on his father 's character . have n't people like Hagrid and Sirius tell Harry how wonderful his father have be ? ( yeah , well , look what Sirius be like himself , say a nagging voice inside Harry 's head . ... he be as bad , be n't he ? ) Yes , he have once overhear Professor McGonagall say that his father and Sirius have be troublemaker at school , but she have describe them as forerunner of the Weasley twin , and Harry could not imagine Fred and George dangling someone upside down for the fun of it ... not unless they really loathe them ... perhaps Malfoy , or somebody who really deserve it ... Harry try to make a case for Snape have deserve what he have suffer at James 's hand -- but have n't Lily ask , " what have he do to you ? " and have n't James reply , " it be more the fact that he exist , if you know what I mean ? " have n't James start it all simply because Sirius say he be bore ? Harry remember Lupin say back in Grimmauld Place that Dumbledore have make him prefect in the hope that he would be able to exercise some control over James and Sirius . ... but in the Pensieve , he have sit there and let it all happen . ... Harry remind himself that Lily have intervene ; his mother have be decent , yet the memory of the look on her face as she have shout at James disturb him quite as much as anything else . she have clearly loathe James and Harry simply could not understand how they could have end up married . once or twice he even wonder whether James have force her into it . ... for nearly five year the thought of his father have be a source of comfort , of inspiration . whenever someone have tell him he be like James he have glow with pride inside . and now ... now he feel cold and miserable at the thought of him . the weather grow breezy , bright , and warm as the holiday pass , but Harry be stick with the rest of the fifth and seventh year , who be all trapped inside , traipse back and forth to the library . Harry pretend that his bad mood have no other cause but the approach exam , and as his fellow Gryffindors be sick of study themselves , his excuse go unchallenged . " Harry , I be talk to you , can you hear me ? " " Huh ? " he look around . Ginny Weasley , look very windswept , have join him at the library table where he have be sit alone . it be late on Sunday evening ; Hermione have go back to Gryffindor Tower to review Ancient Runes ; Ron have Quidditch practice . " oh hi , " say Harry , pull his book back toward him . " how come you be not at practice ? " " it be over , " say Ginny . " Ron have to take Jack sloper up to the hospital wing . " " why ? " " well , we be not sure , but we think he knock himself out with his own bat . " she sigh heavily . " anyway ... a package just arrive , it be only just get through Umbridge 's new screening process . ... " she hoist a box wrap in brown paper onto the table ; it have clearly be unwrap and carelessly rewrapped , and there be a scribble note across it in red ink , read inspect and pass by the Hogwarts high inquisitor . " it be Easter egg from Mum , " say Ginny . " there be one for you . ... there you go . ... " she hand him a handsome chocolate egg decorate with small , iced Snitches and , accord to the packaging , contain a bag of Fizzing Whizbees . Harry look at it for a moment , then , to his horror , feel a hard lump rise in his throat . " be you okay , Harry ? " ask Ginny quietly . " yeah , I be fine , " say Harry gruffly . the lump in his throat be painful . he do not understand why an Easter egg should have make him feel like this . " you seem really down lately , " Ginny persist . " you know , I be sure if you just talk to Cho ... " " it be not Cho I want to talk to , " say Harry brusquely . " who be it , then ? " ask Ginny . " I ... " he glance around to make quite sure that nobody be listen ; Madam Pince be several shelf away , stamp out a pile of book for a frantic-looking Hannah Abbott . " I wish I could talk to Sirius , " he mutter . " but I know I ca n't . " more to give himself something to do than because he really want any , Harry unwrap his Easter egg , break off a large bit , and put it into his mouth . " well , " say Ginny slowly , help herself to a bit of egg too , " if you really want to talk to Sirius , I expect we could think of a way to do it . ... " " come on , " say Harry hopelessly . " with Umbridge police the fire and read all our mail ? " " the thing about grow up with Fred and George , " say Ginny thoughtfully , " be that you sort of start think anything be possible if you have get enough nerve . " Harry look at her . perhaps it be the effect of the chocolate -- Lupin have always advise eat some after encounter with dementors -- or simply because he have finally speak aloud the wish that have be burn inside him for a week , but he feel a bit more hopeful . ... " what DO you THINK you be DOING ? " " oh damn , " whisper Ginny , jump to her foot . " I forget -- " Madam Pince be swoop down upon them , her shrivel face contort with rage . " chocolate in the library ! " she scream . " out -- out -- out ! " and whip out her wand , she cause Harry 's book , bag , and ink bottle to chase him and Ginny from the library , whack them repeatedly over the head as they run . as though to underline the importance of their upcoming examination , a batch of pamphlet , leaflet , and notice concern various Wizarding career appear on the table in Gryffindor Tower shortly before the end of the holiday , along with yet another notice on the board , which read : Harry look down the list and find that he be expect in Professor McGonagall 's office at half-past two on Monday , which would mean miss most of Divination . he and the other fifth year spend a considerable part of the final weekend of the Easter break read all the career information that have be leave there for their perusal . " well , I do n't fancy Healing , " say Ron on the last evening of the holiday . he be immerse in a leaflet that carry the cross bone-and-wand emblem of St. Mungo 's on its front . " it say here you need at least an E at N.E.W.T. level in potion , Herbology , Transfiguration , Charms , and Defense against the dark art . I mean ... blimey . ... do n't want much , do they ? " " well , it be a very responsible job , be n't it ? " say Hermione absently . she be pore over a bright pink-and-orange leaflet that be head so you Think you 'D like TO work in MUGGLE Relations ? " you do n't seem to need many qualification to liaise with Muggles . ... all they want be an O.W.L. in Muggle Studies . ... ' much more important be your enthusiasm , patience , and a good sense of fun ! ' " " you will need more than a good sense of fun to liaise with my uncle , " say Harry darkly . " good sense of when to duck , more like ... " he be halfway through a pamphlet on Wizard banking . " listen to this : " ' be you seek a challenging career involve travel , adventure , and substantial , danger-related treasure bonus ? then consider a position with Gringotts Wizarding Bank , who be currently recruit Curse-Breakers for thrilling opportunity abroad . ... ' they want Arithmancy , though . ... you could do it , Hermione ! " " I do n't much fancy banking , " say Hermione vaguely , now immerse in Have you Got what it Takes To Train Security TROLLS ? " hey , " say a voice in Harry 's ear . he look around ; Fred and George have come to join them . " Ginny 's have a word with us about you , " say Fred , stretch out his leg on the table in front of them and cause several booklet on career with the Ministry of Magic to slide off onto the floor . " she say you need to talk to Sirius ? " " what ? " say Hermione sharply , freezing with her hand halfway toward pick up Make A Bang AT the department of magical accident and catastrophe . " yeah ... " say Harry , try to sound casual , " yeah , I think I will like -- " " do n't be so ridiculous , " say Hermione , straighten up and look at him as though she could not believe her eye . " with Umbridge grope around in the fire and frisk all the owl ? " " well , we think we can find a way around that , " say George , stretch and smile . " it be a simple matter of cause a diversion . now , you might have notice that we have be rather quiet on the mayhem front during the Easter holiday ? " " what be the point , we ask ourselves , of disrupt leisure time ? " continue Fred . " no point at all , we answer ourselves . and of course , we will have mess up people be study too , which would be the very last thing we will want to do . " he give Hermione a sanctimonious little nod . she look rather take aback by this thoughtfulness . " but it be business as usual from tomorrow , " Fred continue briskly . " and if we be go to be cause a bit of uproar , why not do it so that Harry can have his chat with Sirius ? " " yes , but still , " say Hermione with an air of explain something very simple to somebody very obtuse , " even if you do cause a diversion , how be Harry suppose to talk to him ? " " Umbridge 's office , " say Harry quietly . he have be think about it for a fortnight and could think of no alternative ; Umbridge herself have tell him that the only fire that be not be watch be her own . " be -- you -- insane ? " say Hermione in a hush voice . Ron have lower his leaflet on job in the cultivated fungus trade and be watch the conversation warily . " I do n't think so , " say Harry , shrug . " and how be you go to get in there in the first place ? " Harry be ready for this question . " Sirius 's knife , " he say . " excuse me ? " " Christmas before last Sirius give me a knife that will open any lock , " say Harry . " so even if she have bewitch the door so Alohomora wo n't work , which I bet she have -- " " what do you think about this ? " Hermione demand of Ron , and Harry be remind irresistibly of Mrs. Weasley appeal to her husband during Harry 's first dinner in Grimmauld Place . " I dunno , " say Ron , look alarm at be ask to give an opinion . " if Harry want to do it , it be up to him , be n't it ? " " speak like a true friend and Weasley , " say Fred , clap Ron hard on the back . " right , then . we be think of do it tomorrow , just after lesson , because it should cause maximum impact if everybody be in the corridor -- Harry , we will set it off in the east wing somewhere , draw her right away from her own office -- I reckon we should be able to guarantee you , what , twenty minute ? " he say , look at George . " easy , " say George . " what sort of diversion be it ? " ask Ron . " you will see , little bro , " say Fred , as he and George get up again . " at least , you will if you trot along to Gregory the Smarmy 's corridor round about five o'clock tomorrow . " Harry awake very early the next day , feel almost as anxious as he have do on the morning of his hearing at the Ministry of Magic . it be not only the prospect of break into Umbridge 's office and use her fire to speak to Sirius that be make him feel nervous , though that be certainly bad enough -- today also happen to be the first time he would be in close proximity with Snape since Snape have throw him out of his office , as they have potion that day . after lie in bed for a while think about the day ahead , Harry get up very quietly and move across to the window beside Neville 's bed , stare out on a truly glorious morning . the sky be a clear , misty , opalescent blue . directly ahead of him , Harry could see the towering beech tree below which his father have once torment Snape . he be not sure what Sirius could possibly say to him that would make up for what he have see in the Pensieve , but he be desperate to hear Sirius 's own account of what have happen , to know of any mitigating factor there might have be , any excuse at all for his father 's behavior . ... something catch Harry 's attention : movement on the edge of the Forbidden Forest . Harry squint into the sun and see Hagrid emerge from between the tree . he seem to be limp . as Harry watch , Hagrid stagger to the door of his cabin and disappear inside it . Harry watch the cabin for several minute . Hagrid do not emerge again , but smoke furl from the chimney , so Hagrid could not be so badly injure that he be unequal to stoke the fire . ... Harry turn away from the window , head back to his trunk , and start to dress . with the prospect of force entry into Umbridge 's office ahead , Harry have never expect the day to be a restful one , but he have not reckon on Hermione 's almost continual attempt to dissuade him from what he be plan to do at five o'clock . for the first time ever , she be at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in history of Magic as Harry and Ron be , keep up a stream of whisper admonition that Harry try very hard to ignore . " ... and if she do catch you there , apart from be expel , she will be able to guess you have be talk to Snuffles and this time I expect she will force you to drink Veritaserum and answer her question . ... " " Hermione , " say Ron in a low and indignant voice , " be you go to stop tell Harry off and listen to Binns , or be I go to have to take note instead ? " " you take note for a change , it wo n't kill you ! " by the time they reach the dungeon , neither Harry nor Ron be speak to Hermione any longer . undeterred , she take advantage of their silence to maintain an uninterrupted flow of dire warning , all utter under her breath in a vehement hiss that cause Seamus to waste five whole minute check his cauldron for leak . Snape , meanwhile , seem to have decide to act as though Harry be invisible . Harry be , of course , well use to this tactic , as it be one of Uncle Vernon 's favorite , and on the whole be grateful he have to suffer nothing worse . in fact , compare to what he usually have to endure from Snape in the way of taunt and snide remark , he find the new approach something of an improvement and be please to find that when leave well alone , he be able to concoct an invigoration draught quite easily . at the end of the lesson he scoop some of the potion into a flask , cork it , and take it up to Snape 's desk for mark , feel that he might at last have scrape an E. he have just turn away when he hear a smashing noise ; Malfoy give a gleeful yell of laughter . Harry whip around again . his potion sample lie in piece on the floor , and Snape be watch him with a look of gloat pleasure . " whoop , " he say softly . " another zero , then , Potter ... " Harry be too incense to speak . he stride back to his cauldron , intend to fill another flask and force Snape to mark it , but see to his horror that the rest of the content have vanish . " I be sorry ! " say Hermione with her hand over her mouth . " I be really sorry , Harry , I think you have finish , so I clear up ! " Harry could not bring himself to answer . when the bell ring he hurry out of the dungeon without a backward glance and make sure that he find himself a seat between Neville and Seamus for lunch so that Hermione could not start nag him about use Umbridge 's office again . he be in such a bad mood by the time that he get to divination that he have quite forget his career appointment with Professor McGonagall , remember only when Ron ask him why he be n't in her office . he hurtle back upstairs and arrive out of breath , only a few minute late . " sorry , Professor , " he pant , as he close the door . " I forget . ... " " no matter , Potter , " she say briskly , but as she speak , somebody else sniff from the corner . Harry look around . Professor Umbridge be sit there , a clipboard on her knee , a fussy little pie-frill around her neck , and a small , horribly smug smile on her face . " sit down , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall tersely . her hand shake slightly as she shuffle the many pamphlet litter her desk . Harry sit down with his back to Umbridge and do his good to pretend he could not hear the scratch of her quill on her clipboard . " well , Potter , this meeting be to talk over any career idea you might have , and to help you decide which subject you should continue into sixth and seventh year , " say Professor McGonagall . " have you have any thought about what you would like to do after you leave Hogwarts ? " " er , " say Harry . he be find the scratch noise from behind him very distracting . " yes ? " Professor McGonagall prompt Harry . " well , I think of , maybe , be an Auror , " Harry mumble . " you will need top grade for that , " say Professor McGonagall , extract a small , dark leaflet from under the mass on her desk and open it . " they ask for a minimum of five N.E.W.T.s , and nothing under ' Exceeds Expectations ' grade , I see . then you would be require to undergo a stringent series of character and aptitude test at the Auror office . it be a difficult career path , Potter ; they only take the good . in fact , I do n't think anybody have be take on in the last three year . " at this moment Professor Umbridge give a very tiny cough , as though she be try to see how quietly she could do it . Professor McGonagall ignore her . " you will want to know which subject you ought to take , I suppose ? " she go on , talk a little more loudly than before . " yes , " say Harry . " defense against the dark art , I suppose ? " " naturally , " say Professor McGonagall crisply . " I would also advise -- " Professor Umbridge give another cough , a little more audible this time . Professor McGonagall close her eye for a moment , open them again , and continue as though nothing have happen . " I would also advise transfiguration , because Aurors frequently need to Transfigure or Untransfigure in their work . and I ought to tell you now , Potter , that I do not accept student into my N.E.W.T. class unless they have achieve ' Exceeds Expectations ' or high at Ordinary Wizarding Level . I will say you be average ' Acceptable ' at the moment , so you will need to put in some good hard work before the exam to stand a chance of continue . then you ought to do Charms , always useful , and potion . yes , Potter , Potions , " she add , with the merest flicker of a smile . " poison and antidote be essential study for Aurors . and I must tell you that Professor Snape absolutely refuse to take student who get anything other than ' outstanding ' in their O.W.L.s , so -- " Professor Umbridge give her most pronounced cough yet . " may I offer you a cough drop , Dolores ? " Professor McGonagall ask curtly , without look at Professor Umbridge . " oh no , thank you very much , " say Umbridge , with that simper laugh Harry hate so much . " I just wonder whether I could make the teensiest interruption , Minerva ? " " I daresay you will find you can , " say Professor McGonagall through tightly grit tooth . " I be just wonder whether Mr. Potter have quite the temperament for an Auror ? " say Professor Umbridge sweetly . " be you ? " say Professor McGonagall haughtily . " well , Potter , " she continue , as though there have be no interruption , " if you be serious in this ambition , I would advise you to concentrate hard on bring your transfiguration and potion up to scratch . I see Professor Flitwick have grade you between Acceptable ' and ' Exceeds expectation ' for the last two year , so your Charm work seem satisfactory ; as for Defense against the Dark Art , your mark have be generally high , Professor Lupin in particular think you -- be you quite sure you would n't like a cough drop , Dolores ? " " oh , no need , thank you , Minerva , " simper Professor Umbridge , who have just cough her loud yet . " I be just concern that you might not have Harry 's most recent defense against the Dark Art mark in front of you . I be quite sure I slip in a note ... " " what , this thing ? " say Professor McGonagall in a tone of revulsion , as she pull a sheet of pink parchment from between the leaf of Harry 's folder . she glance down it , her eyebrow slightly raise , then place it back into the folder without comment . " yes , as I be say , Potter , Professor Lupin think you show a pronounced aptitude for the subject , and obviously for an Auror -- " " do you not understand my note , Minerva ? " ask Professor Umbridge in honeyed tone , quite forget to cough . " of course I understand it , " say Professor McGonagall , her tooth clench so tightly that the word come out a little muffle . " well , then , I be confuse . ... I be afraid I do n't quite understand how you can give Mr. Potter false hope that -- " " false hope ? " repeat Professor McGonagall , still refuse to look round at Professor Umbridge . " he have achieve high mark in all his defense against the dark Arts test -- " " I be terribly sorry to have to contradict you , Minerva , but as you will see from my note , Harry have be achieve very poor result in his class with me -- " " I should have make my mean plain , " say Professor McGonagall , turn at last to look Umbridge directly in the eye . " he have achieve high mark in all defense against the dark Arts test set by a competent teacher . " Professor Umbridge 's smile vanish as suddenly as a lightbulb blow . she sit back in her chair , turn a sheet on her clipboard , and begin scribble very fast indeed , her bulge eye roll from side to side . Professor McGonagall turn back to Harry , her thin nostril flare , her eye burning . " any question , Potter ? " " yes , " say Harry . " what sort of character and aptitude test do the Ministry do on you , if you get enough N.E.W.T.s ? " " well , you will need to demonstrate the ability to react well to pressure and so forth , " say Professor McGonagall , " perseverance and dedication , because Auror training take a further three year , not to mention very high skill in practical defense . it will mean a lot more study even after you have leave school , so unless you be prepare to -- " " I think you will also find , " say Umbridge , her voice very cold now , " that the Ministry look into the record of those apply to be Aurora . their criminal record . " " - unless you be prepare to take even more exam after Hogwarts , you should really look at another -- " " - which mean that this boy have as much chance of become an Auror as Dumbledore have of ever return to this school . " " a very good chance , then , " say Professor McGonagall . " Potter have a criminal record , " say Umbridge loudly . " Potter have be clear of all charge , " say Professor McGonagall , even more loudly . Professor Umbridge stand up . she be so short that this do not make a great deal of difference , but her fussy , simper demeanor have give place to a hard fury that make her broad , flabby face look oddly sinister . " Potter have no chance whatsoever of become an Auror ! " Professor McGonagall get to her foot too , and in her case this be a much more impressive move . she towered over Professor Umbridge . " Potter , " she say in ring tone , " I will assist you to become an Auror if it be the last thing I do ! if I have to coach you nightly I will make sure you achieve the require result ! " " the Minister of Magic will never employ Harry Potter ! " say Umbridge , her voice rise furiously . " there may well be a new Minister of Magic by the time Potter be ready to join ! " shout Professor McGonagall . " Aha ! " shriek Professor Umbridge , point a stubby finger at McGonagall . " yes ! yes , yes , yes ! of course ! that be what you want , be n't it , Minerva McGonagall ? you want Cornelius Fudge replace by Albus Dumbledore ! you think you will be where I be , do n't you , Senior Undersecretary to the Minister and headmistress to boot ! " " you be rave , " say Professor McGonagall , superbly disdainful . " Potter , that conclude our career consultation . " Harry swing his bag over his shoulder and hurry out of the room , not dare to look at Umbridge . he could hear her and Professor McGonagall continue to shout at each other all the way back along the corridor . Professor Umbridge be still breathe as though she have just run a race when she stride into their defense against the Dark Art lesson that afternoon . " I hope you have think good of what you be plan to do , Harry , " Hermione whisper , the moment they have open their book to chapter thirty-four ( " Non-Retaliation and negotiation " ) . " Umbridge look like she be in a really bad mood already . ... " Every now and then Umbridge shoot glower look at Harry , who keep his head down , stare at Defensive Magical Theory , his eye unfocused , think . ... he could just imagine Professor McGonagall 's reaction if he be catch trespassing in Professor Umbridge 's office mere hour after she have vouch for him . ... there be nothing to stop him simply go back to Gryffindor Tower and hope that sometime during the next summer holiday he would have a chance to ask Sirius about the scene he have witness in the Pensieve . ... nothing , except that the thought of take this sensible course of action make him feel as though a lead weight have drop into his stomach . ... and then there be the matter of Fred and George , whose diversion be already plan , not to mention the knife Sirius have give him , which be currently reside in his schoolbag along with his father 's old invisibility Cloak . ... but the fact remain that if he be catch ... " Dumbledore sacrifice himself to keep you in school , Harry ! " whisper Hermione , raise her book to hide her face from Umbridge . " and if you get throw out today it will all have be for nothing ! " he could abandon the plan and simply learn to live with the memory of what his father have do on a summer 's day more than twenty year ago . ... and then he remember Sirius in the fire upstairs in the Gryffindor common room . ... " you be less like your father than I think . ... the risk would have be what make it fun for James . ... " but do he want to be like his father anymore ? " Harry , do n't do it , please do n't do it ! " Hermione say in anguish tone as the bell ring at the end of the class . he do not answer ; he do not know what to do . Ron seem determine to give neither his opinion nor his advice . he would not look at Harry , though when Hermione open her mouth to try dissuade Harry some more , he say in a low voice , " give it a rest , okay ? he can make up his own mind . " Harry 's heart beat very fast as he leave the classroom . he be halfway along the corridor outside when he hear the unmistakable sound of a diversion go off in the distance . there be scream and yell reverberate from somewhere above them . people exit the classroom all around Harry be stop in their track and look up at the ceiling fearfully - then Umbridge come pelt out of her classroom as fast as her short leg would carry her . pull out her wand , she hurry off in the opposite direction : it be now or never . " Harry -- please ! " say Hermione weakly . but he have make up his mind -- hitch his bag more securely onto his shoulder he set off at a run , weave in and out of student now hurry in the opposite direction , off to see what all the fuss be about in the east wing . ... Harry reach the corridor where Umbridge 's office be situate and find it desert . dash behind a large suit of armor whose helmet creak around to watch him , he pull open his bag , seize Sirius 's knife , and don the Invisibility Cloak . he then creep slowly and carefully back out from behind the suit of armor and along the corridor until he reach Umbridge 's door . he insert the blade of the magical knife into the crack around it and move it gently up and down , then withdraw it . there be a tiny click , and the door swing open . he duck inside the office , close the door quickly behind him , and look around . it be empty ; nothing be move except the horrible kitten on the plate continue to frolic on the wall above the confiscate broomstick . Harry pull off his cloak and , stride over to the fireplace , find what he be look for within second : a small box contain glitter Floo powder . he crouch down in front of the empty grate , his hand shake . he have never do this before , though he think he know how it must work . stick his head into the fireplace , he take a large pinch of powder and drop it onto the log stack neatly beneath him . they explode at once into emerald-green flame . " number twelve , Grimmauld Place ! " Harry say loudly and clearly . it be one of the most curious sensation he have ever experience ; he have travel by Floo powder before , of course , but then it have be his entire body that have spin around and around in the flame through the network of Wizarding fireplace that stretch over the country : this time , his knee remain firm upon the cold floor of Umbridge 's office , and only his head hurtle through the emerald fire . ... and then , abruptly as it have begin , the spinning stop . feel rather sick and as though he be wear an exceptionally hot muffler around his head , Harry open his eye to find that he be look up out of the kitchen fireplace at the long , wooden table , where a man sit pore over a piece of parchment . " Sirius ? " the man jump and look around . it be not Sirius , but Lupin . " Harry ! " he say , look thoroughly shocked . " what be you -- what be happen , be everything all right ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " I just wonder -- I mean , I just fancy a -- a chat with Sirius . " " I will call him , " say Lupin , get to his foot , still look perplex . " he go upstairs to look for Kreacher , he seem to be hide in the attic again . ... " and Harry see Lupin hurry out of the kitchen . now he be leave with nothing to look at but the chair and table leg . he wonder why Sirius have never mention how very uncomfortable it be to speak out of the fire -- his knee be already object painfully to their prolonged contact with Umbridge 's hard stone floor . lupin return with Sirius at his heel moment later . " what be it ? " say Sirius urgently , sweep his long dark hair out of his eye and drop to the ground in front of the fire , so that he and Harry be on a level ; Lupin kneel down too , look very concerned . " be you all right ? do you need help ? " " no , " say Harry , " it be nothing like that . ... I just want to talk ... about my dad . ... " they exchange a look of great surprise , but Harry do not have time to feel awkward or embarrassed ; his knee be become sore by the second , and he guess that five minute have already pass from the start of the diversion -- George have only guarantee him twenty . he therefore plunge immediately into the story of what he have see in the Pensieve . when he have finish , neither Sirius nor Lupin speak for a moment . then Lupin say quietly , " I would n't like you to judge your father on what you see there , Harry . he be only fifteen -- " " I be fifteen ! " say Harry heatedly . " look , Harry , " say Sirius placatingly , " James and Snape hate each other from the moment they set eye on each other , it be just one of those thing , you can understand that , ca n't you ? I think James be everything Snape want to be -- he be popular , he be good at Quidditch , good at pretty much everything . and Snape be just this little oddball who be up to his eye in the Dark Arts and James -- whatever else he may have appear to you , Harry -- always hate the dark art . " " yeah , " say Harry , " but he just attack Snape for no good reason , just because -- well , just because you say you be bore , " he finish with a slightly apologetic note in his voice . " I be not proud of it , " say Sirius quickly . lupin look sideways at Sirius and then say , " look , Harry , what you have get to understand be that your father and Sirius be the good in the school at whatever they do -- everyone think they be the height of cool -- if they sometimes get a bit carry away -- " " if we be sometimes arrogant little berk , you mean , " say Sirius . lupin smile . " he keep mess up his hair , " say Harry in a pained voice . Sirius and Lupin laugh . " I have forget he use to do that , " say Sirius affectionately . " be he playing with the Snitch ? " say Lupin eagerly . " yeah , " say Harry , watch uncomprehendingly as Sirius and Lupin beam reminiscently . " well ... I think he be a bit of an idiot . " " of course he be a bit of an idiot ! " say Sirius bracingly . " we be all idiot ! well -- not moony so much , " he say fairly , look at Lupin , but Lupin shake his head . " do I ever tell you to lay off Snape ? " he say . " do I ever have the gut to tell you I think you be out of order ? " " yeah , well , " say Sirius , " you make us feel ashamed of ourselves sometimes . ... that be something . ... " " and , " say Harry doggedly , determine to say everything that be on his mind now he be here , " he keep look over at the girl by the lake , hope they be watch him ! " " oh , well , he always make a fool of himself whenever Lily be around , " say Sirius , shrug . " he could n't stop himself show off whenever he get near her . " " how come she married him ? " Harry ask miserably . " she hate him ! " " Nah , she do n't , " say Sirius . " she start go out with him in seventh year , " say Lupin . " once James have deflate his head a bit , " say Sirius . " and stop hex people just for the fun of it , " say Lupin . " even Snape ? " say Harry . " well , " say Lupin slowly , " Snape be a special case . I mean , he never lose an opportunity to curse James , so you could n't really expect James to take that lie down , could you ? " " and my mum be okay with that ? " " she do n't know too much about it , to tell you the truth , " say Sirius . " I mean , James do n't take Snape on date with her and jinx him in front of her , do he ? " Sirius frown at Harry , who be still look unconvinced . " look , " he say , " your father be the good friend I ever have , and he be a good person . a lot of people be idiot at the age of fifteen . he grow out of it . " " yeah , okay , " say Harry heavily . " I just never think I will feel sorry for Snape . " " now you mention it , " say Lupin , a faint crease between his eyebrow , " how do Snape react when he find you have see all this ? " " he tell me he will never teach me Occlumency again , " say Harry indifferently , " like that be a big disappoint -- " " he what ? " shout Sirius , cause Harry to jump and inhale a mouthful of ash . " be you serious , Harry ? " say Lupin quickly . " he be stop give you lesson ? " " yeah , " say Harry , surprise at what he consider a great overreaction . " but it be okay , I do n't care , it be a bit of a relief to tell you the -- " " I be come up there to have a word with Snape ! " say Sirius forcefully and he actually make to stand up , but Lupin wrench him back down again . " if anyone be go to tell Snape it will be me ! " he say firmly . " but Harry , first of all , you be to go back to Snape and tell him that on no account be he to stop give you lesson -- when Dumbledore hear -- " " I ca n't tell him that , he will kill me ! " say Harry , outrage . " you do n't see him when we get out of the Pensieve -- " " Harry , there be nothing so important as you learn Occlumency ! " say Lupin sternly . " do you understand me ? nothing ! " " okay , okay , " say Harry , thoroughly discompose , not to mention annoyed . " I will ... I will try and say something to him . ... but it wo n't be ... " he fall silent . he could hear distant footstep . " be that Kreacher come downstairs ? " " no , " say Sirius , glance behind him . " it must be somebody your end ... " Harry 's heart skip several beat . " I will well go ! " he say hastily and he pull his head backward out of Grimmauld Place 's fire . for a moment his head seem to be revolving on his shoulder , and then he find himself kneel in front of Umbridge 's fire with his head firmly back on , watch the emerald flame flicker and die . " quickly , quickly ! " he hear a wheezy voice mutter right outside the office door . " ah , she have leave it open . ... " Harry dive for the Invisibility Cloak and have just manage to pull it back over himself when Filch burst into the office . he look absolutely delighted about something and be talk to himself feverishly as he cross the room , pull open a drawer in Umbridge 's desk , and begin rifle through the paper inside it . " approval for Whipping ... Approval for Whipping ... I can do it at last . ... they have have it come to them for year . ... " he pull out a piece of parchment , kiss it , then shuffle rapidly back out of the door , clutch it to his chest . Harry leap to his foot and , make sure that he have his bag and the Invisibility Cloak be completely cover him , he wrench open the door and hurry out of the office after Filch , who be hobble along faster than Harry have ever see him go . one landing down from Umbridge 's office and Harry think it be safe to become visible again ; he pull off the cloak , shove it in his bag and hurry onward . there be a great deal of shouting and movement come from the entrance hall . he run down the marble staircase and find what look like most of the school assemble there . it be just like the night when Trelawney have be sack . student be stand all around the wall in a great ring ( some of them , Harry notice , cover in a substance that look very like Stinksap ) ; teacher and ghost be also in the crowd . prominent among the onlooker be member of the Inquisitorial Squad , who be all look exceptionally pleased with themselves , and Peeves , who be bob overhead , gaze down upon Fred and George , who stand in the middle of the floor with the unmistakable look of two people who have just be corner . " so ! " say Umbridge triumphantly , whom Harry realize be stand just a few stair in front of him , once more look down upon her prey . " so ... you think it amusing to turn a school corridor into a swamp , do you ? " " pretty amusing , yeah , " say Fred , look back up at her without the slight sign of fear . filch elbow his way closer to Umbridge , almost cry with happiness . " I have get the form , Headmistress , " he say hoarsely , wave the piece of parchment Harry have just see him take from her desk . " I have get the form and I have get the whip wait . ... oh , let me do it now . ... " " Very good , Argus , " she say . " you two , " she go on , gaze down at Fred and George , " be about to learn what happen to wrongdoer in my school . " " you know what ? " say Fred . " I do n't think we be . " he turn to his twin . " George , " say Fred , " I think we have outgrow full-time education . " " yeah , I have be feel that way myself , " say George lightly . " time to test our talent in the real world , d'you reckon ? " ask Fred . " definitely , " say George . and before Umbridge could say a word , they raise their wand and say together , " Accio Brooms ! " Harry hear a loud crash somewhere in the distance . look to his leave he duck just in time -- Fred and George 's broomstick , one still trail the heavy chain and iron peg with which Umbridge have fasten them to the wall , be hurtle along the corridor toward their owner . they turn leave , streak down the stair , and stop sharply in front of the twin , the chain clatter loudly on the flag stone floor . " we wo n't be see you , " Fred tell Professor Umbridge , swing his leg over his broomstick . " yeah , do n't bother to keep in touch , " say George , mount his own . Fred look around at the assemble student , and at the silent , watchful crowd . " if anyone fancy buy a Portable Swamp , as demonstrate upstairs , come to number ninety-three , Diagon Alley -- Weasleys ' Wizarding Wheezes , " he say in a loud voice . " our new premise ! " " special discount to Hogwarts student who swear they be go to use our product to get rid of this old bat , " add George , point at Professor Umbridge . " stop Them ! " shriek Umbridge , but it be too late . as the Inquisitorial Squad close in , Fred and George kick off from the floor , shoot fifteen foot into the air , the iron peg swing dangerously below . Fred look across the hall at the poltergeist bob on his level above the crowd . " give her hell from us , Peeves . " and Peeves , whom Harry have never see take an order from a student before , sweep his bell hat from his head and spring to a salute as Fred and George wheel about to tumultuous applause from the student below and speed out of the open front door into the glorious sunset . Grawp the story of Fred and George 's flight to freedom be retell so often over the next few day that Harry could tell it would soon become the stuff of Hogwarts legend . within a week , even those who have be eyewitness be half-convinced that they have see the twin dive-bomb Umbridge on their broom , pelt her with Dungbombs before zoom out of the door . in the immediate aftermath of their departure there be a great wave of talk about copy them , so that Harry frequently hear student say thing like , " Honestly , some day I just feel like jump on my broom and leave this place , " or else , " one more lesson like that and I might just do a Weasley . ... " Fred and George have make sure that nobody be likely to forget them very soon . for one thing , they have not leave instruction on how to remove the swamp that now fill the corridor on the fifth floor of the east wing . Umbridge and Filch have be observe try different mean of remove it but without success . eventually the area be rope off and Filch , gnash his tooth furiously , be give the task of punt student across it to their classroom . Harry be certain that teacher like McGonagall or Flitwick could have remove the swamp in an instant , but just as in the case of Fred and George 's Wildfire Whiz-Bangs , they seem to prefer to watch Umbridge struggle . then there be the two large broom-shaped hole in Umbridge 's office door , through which Fred and George 's Cleansweeps have smash to rejoin their master . filch fitted a new door and remove Harry 's Firebolt to the dungeon where , it be rumor , Umbridge have set an armed security troll to guard it . however , her trouble be far from over . inspire by Fred and George 's example , a great number of student be now vie for the newly vacant position of Troublemakers-in-Chief . in spite of the new door , somebody manage to slip a hairy-snouted niffler into Umbridge 's office , which promptly tear the place apart in its search for shiny object , leap on Umbridge on her reen-trance , and try to gnaw the ring off her stubby finger . Dungbombs and Stinkpellets be drop so frequently in the corridor that it become the new fashion for student to perform Bubble-Head charm on themselves before leave lesson , which ensure them a supply of fresh clean air , even though it give them all the peculiar appearance of wear upside-down goldfish bowl on their head . filch prowl the corridor with a horsewhip ready in his hand , desperate to catch miscreant , but the problem be that there be now so many of them that he do not know which way to turn . the Inquisitorial Squad be attempt to help him , but odd thing keep happen to its member . Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team report to the hospital wing with a horrible skin complaint that make him look as though he have be coat in cornflakes . Pansy Parkinson , to Hermione 's delight , miss all her lesson the follow day , as she have sprout antler . meanwhile it become clear just how many Skiving Snackboxes Fred and George have manage to sell before leave Hogwarts . Umbridge only have to enter her classroom for the student assemble there to faint , vomit , develop dangerous fever , or else spout blood from both nostril . shriek with rage and frustration she attempt to trace the mysterious symptom to their source , but the student tell her stubbornly they be suffer " Umbridge-itis . " after put four successive class in detention and fail to discover their secret she be force to give up and allow the bleeding , swoon , sweat , and vomit student to leave her class in drove . but not even the user of the Snackboxes could compete with that master of chaos , Peeves , who seem to have take Fred 's part word deeply to heart . cackle madly , he soar through the school , upend table , burst out of blackboard , and topple statue and vase . twice he shut Mrs. Norris inside suit of armor , from which she be rescue , yowl loudly , by the furious caretaker . he smash lantern and snuff out candle , juggle burn torch over the head of scream student , cause neatly stack pile of parchment to topple into fire or out of window , flood the second floor when he pull off all the tap in the bathroom , drop a bag of tarantula in the middle of the Great Hall during breakfast and , whenever he fancy a break , spend hour at a time float along after Umbridge and blow loud raspberry every time she speak . none of the staff but Filch seem to be stir themselves to help her . indeed , a week after Fred and George 's departure Harry witness Professor McGonagall walk right past Peeves , who be determinedly loosen a crystal chandelier , and could have swear he hear her tell the poltergeist out of the corner of her mouth , " it unscrew the other way . " to cap matter , Montague have still not recover from his sojourn in the toilet . he remain confuse and disorientate and his parent be to be observe one Tuesday morning stride up the front drive , look extremely angry . " should we say something ? " say Hermione in a worried voice , press her cheek against the Charms window so that she could see Mr. and Mrs. Montague march inside . " about what happen to him ? in case it help Madam Pomfrey cure him ? " " ' Course not , he will recover , " say Ron indifferently . " anyway , more trouble for Umbridge , be n't it ? " say Harry in a satisfied voice . he and Ron both tap the teacup they be suppose to be charming with their wand . Harry 's spout four very short leg that would not reach the desk and wriggle pointlessly in midair . Ron 's grow four very thin spindly leg that hoist the cup off the desk with great difficulty , tremble for a few second , then fold , cause the cup to crack into two . " Reparo ! " say Hermione quickly , mend Ron 's cup with a wave of her wand . " that be all very well , but what if Montague 's permanently injure ? " " who care ? " say Ron irritably , while his teacup stand drunkenly again , tremble violently at the knee . " Montague should n't have try to take all those point from Gryffindor , should he ? if you want to worry about anyone , Hermione , worry about me ! " " you ? " she say , catch her teacup as it scamper happily away across the desk on four sturdy little willow-patterned leg and replace it in front of her . " why should I be worry about you ? " " when Mum 's next letter finally get through Umbridge 's screening process , " say Ron bitterly , now hold his cup up while its frail leg try feebly to support its weight , " I be go to be in deep trouble . I would n't be surprise if she have send a Howler again . " " but -- " " it will be my fault Fred and George leave , you wait , " say Ron darkly . " she will say I should have stop them leave , I should have grab the end of their broom and hang on or something . ... Yeah , it will be all my fault . ... " " well , if she do say that it will be very unfair , you could n't have do anything ! but I be sure she wo n't , I mean , if it be really true they have get premise in Diagon Alley now , they must have be plan this for age . ... " " Yeah , but that be another thing , how do they get premise ? " say Ron , hit his teacup so hard with his wand that its leg collapse again and it lie twitch before him . " it be a bit dodgy , be n't it ? they will need load of Galleons to afford the rent on a place in Diagon Alley , she will want to know what they have be up to , to get their hand on that sort of gold . ... " " well , yes , that occur to me too , " say Hermione , allow her teacup to jog in neat little circle around Harry 's , whose stubby little leg be still unable to touch the desktop . " I have be wonder whether Mundungus have persuade them to sell stolen good or something awful . ... " " he have n't , " say Harry curtly . " how do you know ? " say Ron and Hermione together . " because -- " Harry hesitate , but the moment to confess finally seem to have come . there be no good to be gain in keep silent if it mean anyone suspect that Fred and George be criminal . " because they get the gold from me . I give them my Triwizard winning last June . " there be a shocked silence , then Hermione 's teacup jog right over the edge of the desk and smash on the floor . " oh , Harry , you do n't ! " she say . " yes , I do , " say Harry mutinously . " and I do n't regret it either -- I do n't need the gold , and they will be great at a joke shop . ... " " but this be excellent ! " say Ron , look thrill . " it be all your fault , Harry -- Mum ca n't blame me at all ! can I tell her ? " " yeah , I suppose you will better , " say Harry dully . " ' specially if she think they be receive steal cauldron or something . ... " Hermione say nothing at all for the rest of the lesson , but Harry have a shrewd suspicion that her self-restraint be bind to crack before long . sure enough , once they have leave the castle for break and be stand around in the weak May sunshine , she fix Harry with a beady eye and open her mouth with a determine air . Harry interrupt her before she have even start . " it be no good nagging me , it be do , " he say firmly . " Fred and George have get the gold -- spend a good bit of it too , by the sound of it -- and I ca n't get it back from them and I do n't want to . so save your breath , Hermione . " " I be n't go to say anything about Fred and George ! " she say in an injured voice . Ron snort disbelievingly and Hermione throw him a very dirty look . " no , I be n't ! " she say angrily . " as a matter of fact , I be go to ask Harry when he be go to go back to Snape and ask for Occlumency lesson again ! " Harry 's heart sink . once they have exhaust the subject of Fred and George 's dramatic departure , which admittedly have take many hour , Ron and Hermione have want to hear news of Sirius . as Harry have not confide in them the reason he have want to talk to Sirius in the first place , it have be hard to think of thing to tell them . he have end up say to them truthfully that Sirius want Harry to resume Occlumency lesson . he have be regret this ever since ; Hermione would not let the subject drop and keep revert to it when Harry least expect it . " you ca n't tell me you have stop have funny dream , " Hermione say now , " because Ron tell me last night you be mutter in your sleep again . ... " Harry throw Ron a furious look . Ron have the grace to look ashamed of himself . " you be only mutter a bit , " he mumble apologetically . " something about ' just a bit farther . ' " " I dream I be watch you lot play Quidditch , " Harry lie brutally . " I be try to get you to stretch out a bit farther to grab the Quaffle . " Ron 's ear go red . Harry feel a kind of vindictive pleasure : he have not , of course , dream anything of the sort . last night he have once again make the journey along the Department of Mysteries corridor . he have pass through the circular room , then the room full of click and dance light , until he find himself again inside that cavernous room full of shelf on which be range dusty glass sphere . ... he have hurry straight toward row number ninety-seven , turn leave , and run along it . ... it have probably be then that he have speak aloud . ... just a bit farther ... for he could feel his conscious self struggle to wake ... and before he have reach the end of the row , he have find himself lie in bed again , gaze up at the canopy of his four-poster . " you be try to block your mind , be n't you ? " say Hermione , look beadily at Harry . " you be keep go with your Occlumency ? " " of course I be , " say Harry , try to sound as though this question be insulting , but not quite meet her eye . the truth be that he be so intensely curious about what be hide in that room full of dusty orb that he be quite keen for the dream to continue . the problem be that with just under a month to go until the exam and every free moment devote to study , his mind seem saturate with information when he go to bed so that he find it very difficult to get to sleep at all . when he do , his overwrought brain present him most night with stupid dream about the exam . he also suspect that part of his mind -- the part that often speak in Hermione 's voice -- now feel guilty on the occasion it stray down that corridor end in the black door , and seek to wake him before he could reach journey 's end . " you know , " say Ron , whose ear be still flame red , " if Montague do n't recover before Slytherin play Hufflepuff , we might be in with a chance of win the Cup . " " yeah , I s'pose so , " say Harry , glad of a change of subject . " I mean , we have win one , lose one -- if Slytherin lose to Hufflepuff next Saturday -- " " Yeah , that be right , " say Harry , lose track of what he be agree to : Cho Chang have just walk across the courtyard , determinedly not look at him . the final match of the Quidditch season , Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw , be to take place on the last weekend of May . although Slytherin have be narrowly defeat by Hufflepuff in their last match , Gryffindor be not daring to hope for victory , due mainly ( though of course nobody say it to him ) to Ron 's abysmal goalkeeping record . he , however , seem to have find a new optimism . " I mean , I ca n't get any bad , can I ? " he tell Harry and Hermione grimly over breakfast on the morning of the match . " nothing to lose now , be there ? " " you know , " say Hermione , as she and Harry walk down to the pitch a little later in the midst of a very excitable crowd , " I think Ron might do good without Fred and George around . they never exactly give him a lot of confidence . ... " Luna Lovegood overtake them with what appear to be a live eagle perch on top of her head . " oh gosh , I forget ! " say Hermione , watch the eagle flap its wing as Luna walk serenely past a group of cackle and point Slytherins . " Cho will be play , wo n't she ? " Harry , who have not forget this , merely grunt . they find seat in the topmost row of the stand . it be a fine , clear day . Ron could not wish for good , and Harry find himself hope against hope that Ron would not give the Slytherins cause for more rousing chorus of " Weasley be Our King . " Lee Jordan , who have be very dispirit since Fred and George have leave , be commentate as usual . as the team zoom out onto the pitch he name the player with something less than his usual gusto . " ... Bradley ... Davies ... Chang , " he say , and Harry feel his stomach perform , less of a back flip , more a feeble lurch as Cho walk out onto the pitch , her shiny black hair ripple in the slight breeze . he be not sure what he want to happen anymore , except that he could not stand any more row . even the sight of her chat animatedly to Roger Davies as they prepare to mount their broom cause him only a slight twinge of jealousy . " and they be off ! " say Lee . " and Davies take the Quaffle immediately , Ravenclaw Captain Davies with the Quaffle , he dodge Johnson , he dodge Bell , he dodge Spinnet as well . ... he be go straight for goal ! he be go to shoot -- and -- and -- " Lee swear very loudly . " and he be score . " Harry and Hermione groan with the rest of the Gryffindors . predictably , horribly , the Slytherins on the other side of the stand begin to sing : Weasley can save a thing , he can block a single ring ... " Harry , " say a hoarse voice in Harry 's ear . " Hermione ... " Harry look around and see Hagrid 's enormous bearded face stick between the seat ; apparently he have squeeze his way all along the row behind , for the first and second year he have just pass have a ruffle , flatten look about them . for some reason , Hagrid be bend double as though anxious not to be see , though he be still at least four foot tall than everybody else . " listen , " he whisper , " can yeh come with me ? now ? while ev'ryone 's watchin ' the match ? " " er ... ca n't it wait , Hagrid ? " ask Harry . " till the match be over ? " no , " say Hagrid . " no , Harry , it be gotta be now ... while ev'ryone 's lookin ' the other way . ... Please ? " Hagrid 's nose be gently drip blood . his eye be both blacken . Harry have not see him this close up since his return to the school ; he look utterly woebegone . " ' Course , " say Harry at once , " ' course we will come . ... " he and Hermione edge back along their row of seat , cause much grumble among the student who have to stand up for them . the people in Hagrid 's row be not complain , merely attempt to make themselves as small as possible . " I ' ppreciate this , you two , I really do , " say Hagrid as they reach the stair . he keep look around nervously as they descend toward the lawn below . " I jus ' hope she doesn ' notice us goin ' . ... " " you mean Umbridge ? " say Harry . " she wo n't , she have get her whole Inquisitorial Squad sit with her , do n't you see ? she must be expect trouble at the match . " " yeah , well , a bit o ' trouble wouldn ' hurt , " say Hagrid , pause to peer around the edge of the stand to make sure the stretch of lawn between there and his cabin be desert . " give us more time ... " " what be it , Hagrid ? " say Hermione , look up at him with a concerned expression on her face as they hurry across the lawn toward the edge of the forest . " Yeh -- Yeh will see in a mo ' , " say Hagrid , look over his shoulder as a great roar rise from the stand behind them . " hey -- do someone jus ' score ? " " it will be Ravenclaw , " say Harry heavily . " good ... good ... " say Hagrid distractedly . " tha 's good . ... " they have to jog to keep up with him as he stride across the lawn , look around with every other step . when they reach his cabin , Hermione turn automatically leave toward the front door ; Hagrid , however , walk straight past it into the shade of the tree on the outermost edge of the forest , where he pick up a crossbow that be lean against a tree . when he realize they be no longer with him , he turn . " we be goin ' in here , " he say , jerk his shaggy head behind him . " into the forest ? " say Hermione , perplex . " yeah , " say Hagrid . " C'mon now , quick , before we be spot ! " Harry and Hermione look at each other , then duck into the cover of the tree behind Hagrid , who be already stride away from them into the green gloom , his crossbow over his arm . Harry and Hermione run to catch up with him . " Hagrid , why be you arm ? " say Harry . " jus ' a precaution , " say Hagrid , shrug his massive shoulder . " you do n't bring your crossbow the day you show us the thestrals , " say Hermione timidly . " Nah , well , we weren ' goin ' in so far then , " say Hagrid . " an ' anyway , tha ' be before Firenze leave the forest , wasn ' it ? " " why do Firenze leave make a difference ? " ask Hermione curiously . " ' Cause the other centaur be good an ' rile at me , tha 's why , " say Hagrid quietly , glance around . " they use ter be -- well , yeh couldn ' call ' em friendly -- but we get on all righ ' . keep ' emselves to ' emselves , bu ' always turn up if I want a word . not anymore ... " he sigh deeply . " Firenze say that they be angry because he go to work for Dumbledore ? " Harry ask , trip on a protrude root because he be busy watch Hagrid 's profile . " yeah , " say Hagrid heavily . " well , angry doesn ' cover it . ruddy livid . if I hadn ' step in , I reckon they will have kick Firenze ter death -- " " they attack him ? " say Hermione , sound shock . " Yep , " say Hagrid gruffly , force his way through several low-hanging branch . " he have half the herd onto him -- " " and you stop it ? " say Harry , amaze and impress . " by yourself ? " " ' Course I do , could n't stand by an ' watch ' em kill him , could I ? " say Hagrid . " Lucky I be Passin ' , really ... an ' I will have think Firenze mighta remember tha ' before he start sendin ' me stupid warnin 's ! " he add hotly and unexpectedly . Harry and Hermione look at each other , startle , but Hagrid , scowl , do not elaborate . " anyway , " he say , breathe a little more heavily than usual , " since then the other centaur have bin livid with me an ' the trouble be , they have get a lot of influence in the forest . ... Cleverest creature in here ... " " be that why we be here , Hagrid ? " ask Hermione . " the centaur ? " " ah no , " say Hagrid , shake his head dismissively , " no , it be not them . ... well , o ' course , they could complicate the problem , yeah . ... but Yeh will see what I mean in a bit . ... " on this incomprehensible note he fall silent and forge a little ahead , take one stride for every three of theirs , so that they have great trouble keep up with him . the path be become increasingly overgrow and the tree grow so closely together as they walk farther and farther into the forest that it be as dark as dusk . they be soon a long way past the clearing where Hagrid have show them the thestrals , but Harry feel no sense of unease until Hagrid step unexpectedly off the path and begin wend his way in and out of tree toward the dark heart of the forest . " Hagrid ? " say Harry , fight his way through thickly knot bramble over which Hagrid have step easily and remember very vividly what have happen to him on the other occasion he have step off the forest path . " where be we go ? " " bit further , " say Hagrid over his shoulder . " C'mon , Harry . ... we need ter keep together now . ... " it be a great struggle to keep up with Hagrid , what with branch and thicket of thorn through which Hagrid march as easily as though they be cobwebs , but which snag Harry and Hermione 's robe , frequently entangle them so severely that they have to stop for minute at a time to free themselves . Harry 's arm and leg be soon cover in small cut and scratch . they be so deep in the forest now that sometimes all Harry could see of Hagrid in the gloom be a massive dark shape ahead of him . any sound seem threaten in the muffle silence . the breaking of a twig echo loudly and the tiny rustle of movement , though it might have be make by an innocent sparrow , cause Harry to peer through the gloom for a culprit . it occur to him that he have never manage to get this far into the forest without meet some kind of creature -- their absence strike him as rather ominous . " Hagrid , would it be all right if we light our wand ? " say Hermione quietly . " er ... all righ ' , " Hagrid whisper back . " in fact ... " he stop suddenly and turn around ; Hermione walk right into him and be knock over backward . Harry catch her just before she hit the forest floor . " maybe we bes ' jus ' stop fer a momen ' , so I can ... fill yeh in , " say Hagrid . " before we ge ' there , like . " " good ! " say Hermione , as Harry set her back on her foot . they both murmur " Lumos ! " and their wand tip ignite . Hagrid 's face swim through the gloom by the light of the two wavering beam and Harry see that he look nervous and sad again . " Righ , " say Hagrid . " well ... see ... the thing be ... " he take a great breath . " well , there be a good chance I be goin ' ter be gettin ' the sack any day now , " he say . Harry and Hermione look at each other , then back at him . " but you have last this long -- " Hermione say tentatively . " what make you think -- " " Umbridge reckon it be me that put tha ' niffler in her office . " " and be it ? " say Harry , before he could stop himself . " no , it ruddy well wasn ' ! " say Hagrid indignantly . " On'y anythin ' ter do with magical creature an ' she think it have get somethin ' ter do with me . Yeh know she be bin lookin ' fer a chance ter get rid of me ever since I get back . I don ' wan ' ter go , o ' course , but if it wasn ' fer ... well ... the special circumstance I be abou ' ter explain to yeh , I will leave righ now , before she be go ' the chance ter do it in front o ' the whole school , like she do with Trelawney . " Harry and Hermione both make noise of protest , but Hagrid override them with a wave of one of his enormous hand . " it be not the end o ' the world , I will be able ter help Dumbledore once I be outta here , I can be useful ter the order . an ' you lot will have Grubbly-Plank , yeh will -- yeh will get through yer exam fine . ... " his voice tremble and break . " Don ' worry abou ' me , " he say hastily , as Hermione make to pat his arm . he pull his enormous spotted handkerchief from the pocket of his waistcoat and mop his eye with it . " look , I wouldn ' be tellin ' yer this at all if I didn ' have ter . see , if I go ... well , I can ' leave withou ' ... withou ' tellin ' someone ... because I will -- I will need you two ter help me . an ' Ron , if he be willin ' . " " of course we will help you , " say Harry at once . " what do you want us to do ? " Hagrid give a great sniff and pat Harry wordlessly on the shoulder with such force that Harry be knock sideways into a tree . " I know Yeh will say yes , " say Hagrid into his handkerchief , " but I win ' ... never ... forget ... well ... c'mon ... jus ' a little bit further through here ... Watch yerselves , now , there be nettle . ... " they walk on in silence for another fifteen minute . Harry have open his mouth to ask how much farther they have to go when Hagrid throw out his right arm to signal that they should stop . " really easy , " he say softly . " very quiet , now ... " they creep forward and Harry see that they be face a large , smooth mound of earth nearly as tall as Hagrid that he think , with a jolt of dread , be sure to be the lair of some enormous animal . tree have be rip up at the root all around the mound , so that it stand on a bare patch of ground surround by heap of trunk and bough that form a kind of fence or barricade , behind which Harry , Hermione , and Hagrid now stand . " Sleepin ' , " breathe Hagrid . sure enough , Harry could hear a distant , rhythmic rumble that sound like a pair of enormous lung at work . he glance sideways at Hermione , who be gaze at the mound with her mouth slightly open . she look utterly terrify . " Hagrid , " she say in a whisper barely audible over the sound of the sleeping creature , " who be he ? " Harry find this an odd question . ... " what be it ? " be the one he have be plan on ask . " Hagrid , you tell us , " say Hermione , her wand now shake in her hand , " you tell us none of them want to come ! " Harry look from her to Hagrid and then , as realization hit him , he look back at the mound with a small gasp of horror . the great mound of earth , on which he , Hermione , and Hagrid could easily have stand , be move slowly up and down in time with the deep , grunt breathing . it be not a mound at all . it be the curve back of what be clearly ... " well -- no -- he didn ' want ter come , " say Hagrid , sound desperate . " but I have ter bring him , Hermione , I have ter ! " " but why ? " ask Hermione , who sound as though she want to cry . " why -- what -- oh , Hagrid ! " " I know if I jus ' get him back , " say Hagrid , sound close to tear himself , " an ' -- an ' teach him a few manner -- I will be able ter take him outside an ' show ev'ryone he be harmless ! " " harmless ! " say Hermione shrilly , and Hagrid make frantic hush noise with his hand as the enormous creature before them grunt loudly and shift in its sleep . " he have be hurt you all this time , have n't he ? that be why you have have all these injury ! " " he don ' know his own strength ! " say Hagrid earnestly . " an ' he be gettin ' good , he be not fightin ' so much anymore -- " " so this be why it take you two month to get home ! " say Hermione distractedly . " Oh Hagrid , why do you bring him back if he do n't want to come , would n't he have be happy with his own people ? " " they be all bullyin ' him , Hermione , ' cause he be so small ! " say Hagrid . " small ? " say Hermione . " small ? " " Hermione , I couldn ' leave him , " say Hagrid , tear now trickle down his bruise face into his beard . " see -- he be my brother ! " Hermione simply stare at him , her mouth open . " Hagrid , when you say ' brother , ' " say Harry slowly , " do you mean -- ? " " well -- half-brother , " amend Hagrid . " turn out me mother take up with another giant when she leave me dad , an ' she go an ' have Grawp here -- " " Grawp ? " say Harry . " yeah ... well , tha 's what it sound like when he say his name , " say Hagrid anxiously . " he don ' speak a lot of English . ... I have bin tryin ' ter teach him . ... Anyway , she don ' seem ter have like him much more'n she like me . ... see , with giantess , what count be producin ' good big kid , and he have always be a bit on the runty side fer a giant -- on'y sixteen foot -- " " oh yes , tiny ! " say Hermione , with a kind of hysterical sarcasm . " absolutely minuscule ! " " he be Bein ' kick around by all o ' them -- I jus ' couldn ' leave him -- " " do Madame Maxime want to bring him back ? " ask Harry . " she -- well , she could see it be right importan ' ter me , " say Hagrid , twist his enormous hand . " Bu ' -- bu ' she get a bit tire of him after a while , I must admit ... so we split up on the journey home . ... she promise not ter tell anyone though . ... " " how on earth do you get him back without anyone notice ? " say Harry . " well , tha be why it take so long , see , " say Hagrid . " could on'y travel by nigh an ' through wild country an ' stuff . ' Course , he cover the ground pretty well when he want ter , but he kep ' wantin ' ter go back . ... " " oh Hagrid , why on earth do n't you let him ! " say Hermione , flop down onto a ripped-up tree and bury her face in her hand . " what do you think you be go to do with a violent giant who do n't even want to be here ! " " well , now -- ' violent ' -- tha be a bit harsh , " say Hagrid , still twist his hand agitatedly . " I will admit he mighta take a couple o ' swing at me when he 's bin in a bad mood , but he be gettin ' good , load well , settlin ' down well . ... " " what be those rope for , then ? " Harry ask . he have just notice rope thick as sapling stretch from around the trunk of the large nearby tree toward the place where Grawp lie curl on the ground with his back to them . " you have to keep him tie up ? " say Hermione faintly . " well ... yeah ... " say Hagrid , look anxious . " see -- it be like I say -- he doesn ' really know his strength -- " Harry understand now why there have be such a suspicious lack of any other living creature in this part of the forest . " so what be it you want Harry and Ron and me to do ? " Hermione ask apprehensively . " look after him , " say Hagrid croakily . " after I be go . " Harry and Hermione exchange miserable look , Harry uncomfortably aware that he have already promise Hagrid that he would do whatever he ask . " what -- what do that involve , exactly ? " Hermione inquire . " not food or anythin ' ! " say Hagrid eagerly . " he can get his own food , no problem . bird an ' deer an ' stuff ... no , it be company he need . if I jus ' know someone be carryin ' on tryin ' ter help him a bit ... teachin ' him , yeh know ... " Harry say nothing , but turn to look back at the gigantic form lie asleep on the ground in front of them . Grawp have his back to them . unlike Hagrid , who simply look like a very oversize human , Grawp look strangely misshapen . what Harry have take to be a vast mossy boulder to the left of the great earthen mound he now recognize as Grawp 's head . it be much large in proportion to the body than a human head , almost perfectly round and cover with tightly curl , close-growing hair the color of bracken . the rim of a single large , fleshy ear be visible on top of the head , which seem to sit , rather like Uncle Vernon 's , directly upon the shoulder with little or no neck in between . the back , under what look like a dirty brownish smock comprise of animal skin sew roughly together , be very broad , and as Grawp sleep , it seem to strain a little at the rough seam of the skin . the leg be curl up under the body ; Harry could see the sole of enormous , filthy , bare foot , large as sledge , rest one on top of the other on the earthy forest floor . " you want us to teach him , " Harry say in a hollow voice . he now understand what Firenze 's warning have mean . his attempt be not work . he would do well to abandon it . of course , the other creature who live in the forest would have hear Hagrid 's fruitless attempt to teach Grawp English . ... " Yeah -- even if yeh jus ' talk ter him a bit , " say Hagrid hopefully . " ' Cause I reckon , if he can talk ter people , he will understand more that we all like him really , an ' want him to stay . ... " Harry look at Hermione , who peer back at him from between the finger over her face . " kind of make you wish we have Norbert back , do n't it ? " he say and she give a very shaky laugh . " Yeh will do it , then ? " say Hagrid , who do not seem to have catch what Harry have just say . " we will ... " say Harry , already bind by his promise . " we will try , Hagrid . ... " " I know I could count on Yeh , Harry , " Hagrid say , beam in a very watery way and dab at his face with his handkerchief again . " an ' I don ' wan ' yeh ter put yerself out too much , like . ... I know yeh have get exam . ... if yeh could jus ' nip down here in yer Invisibility Cloak maybe once a week an ' have a little chat with him ... I will wake him up , then -- introduce you -- " " Wha -- no ! " say Hermione , jump up , " Hagrid , no , do n't wake him , really , we do n't need -- " but Hagrid have already step over the great trunk in front of them and be proceed toward Grawp . when he be around ten foot away , he lift a long , break bough from the ground , smile reassuringly over his shoulder at Harry and Hermione , and then poke Grawp hard in the middle of the back with the end of the bough . the giant give a roar that echo around the silent forest . bird in the treetop overhead rise twitter from their perch and soar away . in front of Harry and Hermione , meanwhile , the gigantic Grawp be rise from the ground , which shudder as he place an enormous hand upon it to push himself onto his knee and turn his head to see who and what have disturb him . " all righ ' , Grawpy ? " say Hagrid in a would-be cheery voice , back away with the long bough raise , ready to poke Grawp again . " have a nice sleep , eh ? " Harry and Hermione retreat as far as they could while still keep the giant within their sight . Grawp kneel between two tree he have not yet uproot . they look up into his startlingly huge face , which resemble a gray full moon swimming in the gloom of the clearing . it be as though the feature have be hew onto a great stone ball . the nose be stubby and shapeless , the mouth lopsided and full of misshapen yellow tooth the size of half-bricks . the small eye be a muddy greenish-brown and just now be half gum together with sleep . Grawp raise dirty knuckle as big as cricket ball to his eye , rub vigorously , then , without warning , push himself to his foot with surprising speed and agility . " oh my ... " Harry hear Hermione squeal , terrify , beside him . the tree to which the other end of the rope around Grawp 's wrist and ankle be attach creak ominously . he be , as Hagrid have say , at least sixteen foot tall . gaze blearily around , he reach out a hand the size of a beach umbrella , seize a bird 's nest from the upper branch of a towering pine and turn it upside down with a roar of apparent displeasure that there be no bird in it -- egg fall like grenade toward the ground and Hagrid throw his arm over his head to protect himself . " anyway , Grawpy , " shout Hagrid , look up apprehensively in case of further fall egg , " I have bring some friend ter meet yeh . remember , I tell Yeh I might ? remember , when I say I might have ter go on a little trip an ' leave them ter look after yeh fer a bit ? remember that , Grawpy ? " but Grawp merely give another low roar ; it be hard to say whether he be listen to Hagrid or whether he even recognize the sound Hagrid be make as speech . he have now seize the top of the pine tree and be pull it toward him , evidently for the simple pleasure of see how far it would spring back when he let go . " now , Grawpy , don ' do that ! " shout Hagrid . " tha be how you end up pullin ' up the other -- " and sure enough , Harry could see the earth around the tree 's root begin to crack . " I get company fer yeh ! " Hagrid shout . " company , see ! look down , yeh big buffoon , I bring Yeh some friend ! " " oh Hagrid , do n't , " moan Hermione , but Hagrid have already raise the bough again and give Grawp 's knee a sharp poke . the giant let go of the top of the pine tree , which sway menacingly and deluge Hagrid with a rain of needle , and look down . " this , " say Hagrid , hasten over to where Harry and Hermione stand , " be Harry , Grawp ! Harry Potter ! he migh ' be comin ' ter visit yeh if I have ter go away , understand ? " the giant have only just realize that Harry and Hermione be there . they watch , in great trepidation , as he lower his huge boulder of a head so that he could peer blearily at them . " an ' this be Hermione , see ? her -- " Hagrid hesitate . turn to Hermione he say , " Would Yeh mind if he call Yeh Hermy , Hermione ? On'y it be a difficult name fer him ter remember . ... " " no , not at all , " squeak Hermione . " this be Hermy , Grawp ! an ' she be gonna be comin ' an ' all ! Is'n tha ' nice ? Eh ? two friend fer Yeh ter -- GRAWPY , No ! " Grawp 's hand have shoot out of nowhere toward Hermione -- Harry seize her and pull her backward behind the tree , so that Grawp 's fist scrape the trunk but close on thin air . " bad Boy , GRAWPY ! " Harry hear Hagrid yell , as Hermione cling to Harry behind the tree , shake and whimper . " very Bad Boy ! Yeh Don ' GRAB -- Ouch ! " Harry poke his head out from around the trunk and see Hagrid lie on his back , his hand over his nose . Grawp , apparently lose interest , have straighten up again and be again engage in pull back the pine as far as it would go . " Righ ' , " say Hagrid thickly , get up with one hand pinch his bleed nose and the other grasp his crossbow . " well ... there yeh be . ... Yeh have meet him an ' -- an ' now he will know yeh when yeh come back . yeah ... well ... " he look up at Grawp , who be now pull back the pine with an expression of detached pleasure on his boulderish face ; the root be creak as he rip them away from the ground . ... " well , I reckon tha 's enough fer one day , " say Hagrid . " we will -- er -- we will go back now , shall we ? " Harry and Hermione nod . Hagrid shoulder his crossbow again and , still pinch his nose , lead the way back into the tree . nobody speak for a while , not even when they hear the distant crash that mean Grawp have pull over the pine tree at last . Hermione 's face be pale and set . Harry could not think of a single thing to say . what on earth be go to happen when somebody find out that Hagrid have hide Grawp in the forest ? and he have promise that he , Ron , and Hermione would continue Hagrid 's totally pointless attempt to civilize the giant . ... how could Hagrid , even with his immense capacity to delude himself that fanged monster be lovably harmless , fool himself that Grawp would ever be fit to mix with human ? " hold it , " say Hagrid abruptly , just as Harry and Hermione be struggle through a patch of thick knotgrass behind him . he pull an arrow out of the quiver over his shoulder and fit it into the crossbow . Harry and Hermione raise their wand ; now that they have stop walk , they too could hear movement close by . " oh blimey , " say Hagrid quietly . " I think that we tell you , Hagrid , " say a deep male voice , " that you be no longer welcome here ? " a man 's naked torso seem for an instant to be float toward them through the dapple green half-light . then they see that his waist join smoothly with a horse 's chestnut body . this centaur have a proud , high-cheekboned face and long black hair . like Hagrid , he be arm : a quiverful of arrow and a long bow be sling over his shoulder . " how be yeh , Magorian ? " say Hagrid warily . the tree behind the centaur rustle and four or five more emerge behind him . Harry recognize the black-bodied and bearded Bane , whom he have meet nearly four year ago on the same night he have meet Firenze . bane give no sign that he have ever see Harry before . " so , " he say , with a nasty inflection in his voice , before turn immediately to Magorian . " we agree , I think , what we would do if this human show his face in the forest again ? " " ' this human ' now , be I ? " say Hagrid testily . " jus ' fer stoppin ' all of Yeh committin ' murder ? " " you ought not to have meddle , Hagrid , " say Magorian . " our way be not yours , nor be our law . Firenze have betray and dishonor us . " " I dunno how yeh work that out , " say Hagrid impatiently . " he be do nothin ' except help Albus Dumbledore -- " " Firenze have enter into servitude to human , " say a gray centaur with a hard , deeply line face . " servitude ! " say Hagrid scathingly . " he be doin ' Dumbledore a favor be all -- " " he be peddle our knowledge and secret among human , " say Magorian quietly . " there can be no return from such disgrace . " " if yeh say so , " say Hagrid , shrug , " but personally I think yeh be Makin ' a big mistake -- " " as be you , human , " say Bane , " come back into our forest when we warn you -- " " now , you listen ter me , " say Hagrid angrily . " I will have less of the ' our ' forest , if it be all the same ter you . it be not up ter you who come an ' go in here -- " " no more be it up to you , Hagrid , " say Magorian smoothly . " I shall let you pass today because you be accompany by your young -- " " they be not his ! " interrupt Bane contemptuously . " student , Magorian , from up at the school ! they have probably already profit from the traitor Firenze 's teaching . ... " " nevertheless , " say Magorian calmly , " the slaughter of foal be a terrible crime . ... we do not touch the innocent . today , Hagrid , you pass . henceforth , stay away from this place . you forfeit the friendship of the centaur when you help the traitor Firenze escape us . " " I win ' be keep outta the fore ' by a bunch of mule like you ! " say Hagrid loudly . " Hagrid , " say Hermione in a high-pitched and terrify voice , as both Bane and the gray centaur paw at the ground , " let be go , please let go ! Hagrid move forward , but his crossbow be still raise and his eye be still fix threateningly upon Magorian . " we know what you be keep in the forest , Hagrid ! " Magorian call after them , as the centaur slip out of sight . " and our tolerance be wane ! " Hagrid turn and give every appearance of want to walk straight back to Magorian again . " you will tolerate him as long as he be here , it be as much his forest as yours ! " he yell , while Harry and Hermione both push with all their might against Hagrid 's moleskin waistcoat in an effort to keep him move forward . still scowl , he look down ; his expression change to mild surprise at the sight of them both push him . he seem not to have feel it . " calm down , you two , " he say , turn to walk on while they pant along behind him . " ruddy old nag though , eh ? " " Hagrid , " say Hermione breathlessly , skirt the patch of nettle they have pass on their way there , " if the centaur do n't want human in the forest , it do n't really look as though Harry and I will be able -- " " ah , you hear what they say , " say Hagrid dismissively " they would n't hurt foal -- I mean , kid . anyway , we can ' let ourselves be push around by that lot . ... " " Nice try , " Harry murmur to Hermione , who look crestfallen . at last they rejoin the path and after another ten minute , the tree begin to thin . they be able to see patch of clear blue sky again and hear , in the distance , the definite sound of cheer and shout . " be that another goal ? " ask Hagrid , pause in the shelter of the tree as the Quidditch stadium come into view . " or d'you reckon the match be over ? " " I do n't know , " say Hermione miserably . Harry see that she look much the bad for wear ; her hair be full of bit of twig and leave , her robe be rip in several place and there be numerous scratch on her face and arm . he know he could look little well . " I reckon it be over , yeh know ! " say Hagrid , still squint toward the stadium . " look -- there be people comin ' out already -- if you two hurry yeh will be able ter blend in with the crowd an ' no one will know you be n't there ! " " good idea , " say Harry . " well ... see you later , then , Hagrid . ... " " I do n't believe him , " say Hermione in a very unsteady voice , the moment they be out of earshot of Hagrid . " I do n't believe him . I really do n't believe him . ... " " Calm down , " say Harry . " calm down ! " she say feverishly . " a giant ! a giant in the forest ! and we be suppose to give him English lesson ! always assume , of course , we can get past the herd of murderous centaur on the way in and out ! I -- do n't -- believe -- him ! " " we have n't get to do anything yet ! " Harry try to reassure her in a quiet voice , as they join a stream of jabber Hufflepuffs head back toward the castle . " he be not ask us to do anything unless he get chuck out and that might not even happen -- " " oh come off it , Harry ! " say Hermione angrily , stop dead in her track so that the people behind her have to swerve to avoid her . " of course he be go to be chuck out and to be perfectly honest , after what we have just see , who can blame Umbridge ? " there be a pause in which Harry glare at her , and her eye fill slowly with tear . " you do n't mean that , " say Harry quietly . " no ... well ... all right ... I do n't , " she say , wipe her eye angrily . " but why do he have to make life so difficult for himself -- for us ? " " I dunno -- " Weasley be our King , Weasley be our king , he do n't let the Quaffle in , Weasley be our king ... " and I wish they will stop sing that stupid song , " say Hermione miserably , " have n't they gloat enough ? " a great tide of student be move up the sloping lawn from the pitch . " oh , let be get in before we have to meet the Slytherins , " say Hermione . Weasley can save anything , he never leave a single ring that be why Gryffindors all sing : Weasley be our king . " Hermione ... " say Harry slowly . the song be grow loud , but it be issue not from a crowd of green-and-silver-clad Slytherins , but from a mass of red and gold move slowly toward the castle , which be bear a solitary figure upon its many shoulder . ... Weasley be our King , Weasley be our king , he do n't let the Quaffle in , Weasley be our king ... " no ! " say Hermione in a hush voice . " yes ! " say Harry loudly . " harry ! Hermione ! " yell Ron , wave the silver Quidditch Cup in the air and look quite beside himself . " we DID it ! we Won ! " they beam up at him as he pass ; there be a scrum at the door of the castle and Ron 's head get rather badly bump on the lintel , but nobody seem to want to put him down . still sing , the crowd squeeze itself into the entrance hall and out of sight . Harry and Hermione watch them go , beaming , until the last echo strain of " Weasley be Our King " die away . then they turn to each other , their smile fading . " we will save our news till tomorrow , shall we ? " say Harry . " yes , all right , " say Hermione wearily . " I be not in any hurry . ... " they climb the step together . at the front door both instinctively look back at the Forbidden Forest . Harry be not sure whether it be his imagination or not , but he rather think he see a small cloud of bird erupt into the air over the treetop in the distance , almost as though the tree in which they have be nest have just be pull up by the root . O.W.L.S Ron 's euphoria at help Gryffindor scrape the Quidditch Cup be such that he could not settle to anything next day . all he want to do be talk over the match and Harry and Hermione find it very difficult to find an opening in which to mention Grawp -- not that either of them try very hard ; neither be keen to be the one to bring Ron back to reality in quite such a brutal fashion . as it be another fine , warm day , they persuade him to join them in study under the beech tree on the edge of the lake , where they stand less chance of be overhear than in the common room . Ron be not particularly keen on this idea at first ; he be thoroughly enjoy be pat on the back by Gryffindors walk past his chair , not to mention the occasional outburst of " Weasley be Our King , " but agree after a while that some fresh air might do him good . they spread their book out in the shade of the beech tree and sit down while Ron talk them through his first save of the match for what feel like the dozenth time . " well , I mean , I will already let in that one of Davies 's , so I be n't feel that confident , but I dunno , when Bradley come toward me , just out of nowhere , I think -- you can do this ! and I have about a second to decide which way to fly , you know , because he look like he be aim for the right goal hoop -- my right , obviously , his left -- but I have a funny feeling that he be feint , and so I take the chance and fly leave -- his right , I mean -- and -- well -- you see what happen , " he conclude modestly , sweep his hair back quite unnecessarily so that it look interestingly windswept and glance around to see whether the people nearest to them -- a bunch of gossip third-year Hufflepuffs -- have hear him . " and then , when chamber come at me about five minute later -- what ? " Ron say , stop mid-sentence at the look on Harry 's face . " why be you grin ? " " I be not , " say Harry quickly , look down at his transfiguration note and attempt to straighten his face . the truth be that Ron have just remind Harry forcibly of another Gryffindor Quidditch player who have once sit rumple his hair under this very tree . " I be just glad we win , that be all . " " yeah , " say Ron slowly , savor the word , " we win . do you see the look on Chang 's face when Ginny get the Snitch right out from under her nose ? " " I suppose she cry , do she ? " say Harry bitterly . " well , yeah -- more out of temper than anything , though ... " Ron frown slightly . " but you see her chuck her broom away when she get back to the ground , do n't you ? " " er -- " say Harry . " well , actually ... no , Ron , " say Hermione with a heavy sigh , put down her book and look at him apologetically . " as a matter of fact , the only bit of the match Harry and I see be Davies 's first goal . " Ron 's carefully ruffle hair seem to wilt with disappointment . " you do n't watch ? " he say faintly , look from one to the other . " you do n't see me make any of those save ? " " well -- no , " say Hermione , stretch out a placatory hand toward him . " but Ron , we do n't want to leave -- we have to ! " " yeah ? " say Ron , whose face be grow rather red . " how come ? " " it be Hagrid , " say Harry . " he decide to tell us why he have be cover in injury ever since he get back from the giant . he want us to go into the forest with him , we have no choice , you know how he get . ... Anyway ... " the story be tell in five minute , by the end of which Ron 's indignation have be replace by a look of total incredulity . " he bring one back and hide it in the forest ? " " Yep , " say Harry grimly . " no , " say Ron , as though by say this he could make it untrue . " no , he ca n't have . ... " " well , he have , " say Hermione firmly . " Grawp be about sixteen foot tall , enjoy rip up twenty-foot pine tree , and know me , " she snort , " as Hermy . " Ron give a nervous laugh . " and Hagrid want us to ... ? " " teach him English , yeah , " say Harry . " he have lose his mind , " say Ron in an almost awe voice . " yes , " say Hermione irritably , turn a page of Intermediate Transfiguration and glaring at a series of diagram show an owl turn into a pair of opera glass . " yes , I be start to think he have . but unfortunately , he make Harry and me promise . " " well , you be just go to have to break your promise , that be all , " say Ron firmly . " I mean , come on ... we have get exam and we be about that far , " he hold up his hand to show thumb and forefinger a millimeter apart , " from be chuck out as it be . and anyway ... remember Norbert ? remember Aragog ? have we ever come off well for mix with any of Hagrid 's monster mate ? " " I know , it be just that -- we promise , " say Hermione in a small voice . Ron smooth his hair flat again , look preoccupy . " well , " he sigh , " Hagrid have n't be sack yet , have he ? he be hang on this long , maybe he will hang on till the end of term and we wo n't have to go near Grawp at all . " the castle ground be gleam in the sunlight as though freshly paint ; the cloudless sky smile at itself in the smoothly sparkling lake , the satin-green lawn ripple occasionally in a gentle breeze : June have arrive , but to the fifth year this mean only one thing : their O.W.L.s be upon them at last . their teacher be no longer set them homework ; lesson be devote to review those topic their teacher think most likely to come up in the exam . the purposeful , feverish atmosphere drive nearly everything but the O.W.L.s from Harry 's mind , though he do wonder occasionally during potion lesson whether Lupin have ever tell Snape that he must continue give Harry Occlumency tuition : if he have , then Snape have ignore Lupin as thoroughly as he be now ignore Harry . this suit Harry very well ; he be quite busy and tense enough without extra class with Snape , and to his relief Hermione be much too preoccupy these day to badger him about Occlumency . she be spend a lot of time mutter to herself and have not lay out any elf clothes for day . she be not the only person act oddly as the O.W.L.s draw steadily near . Ernie Macmillan have develop an irritate habit of interrogate people about their study habit . " how many hour d'you think you be do a day ? " he demand of Harry and Ron as they queue outside Herbology , a manic gleam in his eye . " I dunno , " say Ron . " a few ... " " more or less than eight ? " " less , I s'pose , " say Ron , look slightly alarm . " I be do eight , " say Ernie , puff out his chest . " eight or nine . I be get an hour in before breakfast every day . eight be my average . I can do ten on a good weekend day . I do nine and a half on Monday . not so good on Tuesday -- only seven and a quarter . then on Wednesday -- " Harry be deeply thankful that Professor Sprout usher them into greenhouse three at that point , force Ernie to abandon his recital . meanwhile Draco Malfoy have find a different way to induce panic . " of course , it be not what you know , " he be hear to tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly outside potion a few day before the exam be to start , " it be who you know . now , Father have be friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority for year -- old Griselda Marchbanks -- we have have her round for dinner and everything . ... " " do you think that be true ? " Hermione whisper to Harry and Ron , look frightened . " nothing we can do about it if it be , " say Ron gloomily . " I do n't think it be true , " say Neville quietly from behind them . " because Griselda Marchbanks be a friend of my gran be , and she be never mention the Malfoys . " " what be she like , Neville ? " ask Hermione at once . " be she strict ? " " bit like Gran , really , " say Neville in a subdued voice . " know her wo n't hurt your chance though , will it ? " Ron tell him encouragingly . " oh , I do n't think it will make any difference , " say Neville , still more miserably . " Gran be always tell Professor Marchbanks I be not as good as my dad . ... Well ... you see what she be like at St. Mungo 's . ... " Neville look fixedly at the floor . Harry , Ron , and Hermione glance at one another , but do n't know what to say . it be the first time that Neville have acknowledge that they have meet at the Wizarding hospital . meanwhile a flourishing black-market trade in aid to concentration , mental agility , and wakefulness have spring up among the fifth and seventh year . Harry and Ron be much tempt by the bottle of Baruffio 's Brain Elixir offer to them by Ravenclaw sixth year Eddie Carmichael , who swear it be solely responsible for the nine " outstanding " O.W.L.s he have gain the previous summer and be offer the whole pint for a mere twelve Galleons . Ron assure Harry he would reimburse him for his half the moment he leave Hogwarts and get a job , but before they could close the deal , Hermione have confiscate the bottle from Carmichael and pour the content down a toilet . " Hermione , we want to buy that ! " shout Ron . " do n't be stupid , " she snarl . " you might as well take Harold Dingle 's powdered dragon claw and have do with it . " " Dingle 's get powdered dragon claw ? " say Ron eagerly . " not anymore , " say Hermione . " I confiscate that too . none of these thing actually work you know -- " " Dragon claw do work ! " say Ron . " it be suppose to be incredible , really give your brain a boost , you come over all cunning for a few hour -- Hermione , let me have a pinch , go on , it ca n't hurt -- " " this stuff can , " say Hermione grimly . " I have have a look at it , and it be actually dry doxy droppings . " this information take the edge off Harry and Ron 's desire for brain stimulant . they receive their examination schedule and detail of the procedure for O.W.L.s during their next transfiguration lesson . " as you can see , " Professor McGonagall tell the class while they copy down the date and time of their exam from the blackboard , " your O.W.L.s be spread over two successive week . you will sit the theory exam in the morning and the practice in the afternoon . your practical Astronomy examination will , of course , take place at night . " now , I must warn you that the most stringent Anti-Cheating charm have be apply to your examination paper . Auto-Answer Quills be ban from the examination hall , as be Remembralls , Detachable Cribbing cuff , and Self-Correcting Ink . every year , I be afraid to say , seem to harbor at least one student who think that he or she can get around the Wizarding Examinations Authority 's rule . I can only hope that it be nobody in Gryffindor . our new -- headmistress " -- Professor McGonagall pronounce the word with the same look on her face that Aunt Petunia have whenever she be contemplate a particularly stubborn bit of dirt -- " have ask the Heads of House to tell their student that cheating will be punish most severely -- because , of course , your examination result will reflect upon the headmistress 's new regime at the school . ... " Professor McGonagall give a tiny sigh . Harry see the nostril of her sharp nose flare . " however , that be no reason not to do your very good . you have your own future to think about . " " please , Professor , " say Hermione , her hand in the air , " when will we find out our result ? " " an owl will be send to you some time in July , " say Professor McGonagall . " excellent , " say Dean Thomas in an audible whisper , " so we do n't have to worry about it till the holiday . ... " Harry imagine sit in his bedroom in Privet Drive in six week ' time , wait for his O.W.L. result . well , he think , at least he would be sure of one bit of post next summer . ... their first exam , Theory of Charms , be schedule for Monday morning . Harry agree to test Hermione after lunch on Sunday but regret it almost at once . she be very agitate and keep snatch the book back from him to check that she have get the answer completely right , finally hit him hard on the nose with the sharp edge of achievement in Charming . " why do n't you just do it yourself ? " he say firmly , hand the book back to her , his eye watering . meanwhile Ron be read two year of Charms note with his finger in his ear , his lip move soundlessly ; Seamus be lie flat on his back on the floor , recite the definition of a Substantive Charm , while Dean check it against the Standard Book of Spells , Grade @card@ ; and Parvati and Lavender , who be practice basic locomotion charm , be make their pencil case race each other around the edge of the table . dinner be a subdued affair that night . Harry and Ron do not talk much , but eat with gusto , have study hard all day . Hermione on the other hand keep put down her knife and fork and diving under the table for her bag , from which she would seize a book to check some fact or figure . Ron be just tell her that she ought to eat a decent meal or she would not sleep that night , when her fork slide from her limp finger and land with a loud tinkle on her plate . " oh , my goodness , " she say faintly , stare into the entrance hall . " be that them ? be that the examiner ? " Harry and Ron whip around on their bench . through the door to the Great Hall they could see Umbridge standing with a small group of ancient-looking witch and wizard . Umbridge , Harry be please to see , look rather nervous . " shall we go and have a close look ? " say Ron . Harry and Hermione nod and they hasten toward the double door into the entrance hall , slow down as they step over the threshold to walk sedately past the examiner . Harry think Professor Marchbanks must be the tiny , stoop witch with a face so line it look as though it have be drape in cobweb ; Umbridge be speak to her very deferentially . Professor Marchbanks seem to be a little deaf ; she be answer Umbridge very loudly consider that they be only a foot apart . " journey be fine , journey be fine , we have make it plenty of time before ! " she say impatiently . " now , I have n't hear from Dumbledore lately ! " she add , peer around the hall as though hopeful he might suddenly emerge from a broom cupboard . " no idea where he be , I suppose ? " " none at all , " say Umbridge , shoot a malevolent look at Harry , Ron , and Hermione , who be now dawdle around the foot of the stair as Ron pretend to do up his shoelace . " but I daresay the Ministry of Magic will track him down soon enough . ... " " I doubt it , " shout tiny Professor Marchbanks , " not if Dumbledore do n't want to be find ! I should know . ... Examined him personally in Transfiguration and Charms when he do N.E.W.T.s ... do thing with a wand I have never see before ... " " Yes ... well ... " say Professor Umbridge as Harry , Ron , and Hermione drag their foot up the marble staircase as slowly as they dare , " let me show you to the staffroom ... @card@ daresay you will like a cup of tea after your journey . ... " it be an uncomfortable sort of an evening . everyone be try to do some last-minute study but nobody seem to be get very far . Harry go to bed early but then lay awake for what feel like hour . he remember his career consultation and McGonagall 's furious declaration that she would help him become an Auror if it be the last thing she do . ... he wish he have express a more achievable ambition now that exam time be here . ... he know that he be not the only one lie awake , but none of the other in the dormitory speak and finally , one by one , they fall asleep . none of the fifth year talk very much at breakfast next day either . Parvati be practice incantation under her breath while the salt cellar in front of her twitch , Hermione be reread Achievement in Charming so fast that her eye appear blur , and Neville keep drop his knife and fork and knock over the marmalade . once breakfast be over , the fifth and seventh year mill around in the entrance hall while the other student go off to lesson . then , at half-past nine , they be call forward class by class to reenter the Great Hall , which be now arrange exactly as Harry have see it in the Pensieve when his father , Sirius , and Snape have be take their O.W.L.s. The four House table have be remove and replace instead with many table for one , all face the staff-table end of the Hall where Professor McGonagall stand face them . when they be all seat and quiet she say , " you may begin , " and turn over an enormous hourglass on the desk beside her , on which be also spare quill , ink bottle , and roll of parchment . Harry turn over his paper , his heart thump hard . ... three row to his right and four seat ahead , Hermione be already scribble . ... he lower his eye to the first question : a ) give the incantation , and b ) describe the wand movement require to make object fly . ... Harry have a fleeting memory of a club soar high into the air and landing loudly on the thick skull of a troll . ... smile slightly , he bend over the paper and begin to write . ... " well , it be n't too bad , be it ? " ask Hermione anxiously in the entrance hall two hour later , still clutch the exam paper . " I be not sure I do myself justice on Cheering Charms , I just run out of time -- do you put in the countercharm for hiccup ? I be n't sure whether I ought to , it feel like too much -- and on question twenty-three -- " " Hermione , " say Ron sternly , " we have be through this before . ... we be not go through every exam afterward , it be bad enough do them once . " the fifth year eat lunch with the rest of the school ( the four House table reappear over the lunch hour ) and then troop off into the small chamber beside the Great Hall , where they be to wait until call for their practical examination . as small group of student be call forward in alphabetical order , those left behind mutter incantation and practiced wand movement , occasionally poke one another in the back or eye by mistake . Hermione 's name be call . tremble , she leave the chamber with Anthony Goldstein , Gregory Goyle , and Daphne Greengrass . student who have already be test do not return afterward , so Harry and Ron have no idea how Hermione have do . " she will be fine -- remember she get a hundred and twelve percent on one of our Charms test ? " say Ron . ten minute later , Professor Flitwick call , " Parkinson , Pansy -- Patil , Padma -- Patil , Parvati -- Potter , Harry . " " good luck , " say Ron quietly . Harry walk into the Great Hall , clutch his wand so tightly his hand shake . " Professor Tofty be free , Potter , " squeak Professor Flitwick , who be stand just inside the door . he point Harry toward what look like the very old and bald examiner , who be sit behind a small table in a far corner , a short distance from Professor Marchbanks , who be halfway through test Draco Malfoy . " Potter , be it ? " say Professor Tofty , consult his note and peer over his pince-nez at Harry as he approach . " the famous Potter ? " out of the corner of his eye , Harry distinctly see Malfoy throw a scathing look over at him ; the wine glass Malfoy have be levitate fall to the floor and smash . Harry could not suppress a grin . Professor Tofty smile back at him encouragingly . " that be it , " he say in his quavery old voice , " no need to be nervous . ... now , if I could ask you to take this eggcup and make it do some cartwheel for me . ... " on the whole Harry think it go rather well ; his Levitation Charm be certainly much good than Malfoy 's have be , though he wish he have not mix up the incantation for Color-Change and Growth Charms , so that the rat he be suppose to be turn orange swell shockingly and be the size of a badger before Harry could rectify his mistake . he be glad Hermione have not be in the Hall at the time and neglect to mention it to her afterward . he could tell Ron , though ; Ron have cause a dinner plate to mutate into a large mushroom and have no idea how it have happen . there be no time to relax that night -- they go straight to the common room after dinner and submerge themselves in study for Transfiguration next day . Harry go to bed , his head buzz with complex spell model and theory . he forget the definition of a Switching Spell during his write exam next morning , but think his practical could have be a lot worse . at least he manage to vanish the whole of his iguana , whereas poor Hannah Abbott lose her head completely at the next table and somehow manage to multiply her ferret into a flock of flamingo , cause the examination to be halt for ten minute while the bird be capture and carry out of the Hall . they have their Herbology exam on Wednesday ( other than a small bite from a Fanged Geranium , Harry feel he have do reasonably well ) and then , on Thursday , defense against the dark art . here , for the first time , Harry feel sure he have pass . he have no problem with any of the write question and take particular pleasure , during the practical examination , in perform all the counterjinxes and defensive spell right in front of Umbridge , who be watch coolly from near the door into the entrance hall . " oh bravo ! " cry Professor Tofty , who be examine Harry again , when Harry demonstrate a perfect boggart banish spell . " very good indeed ! well , I think that be all , Potter ... unless ... " he lean forward a little . " I hear , from my dear friend Tiberius Ogden , that you can produce a Patronus ? for a bonus point ... ? " Harry raise his wand , look directly at Umbridge , and imagine her be sack . " Expecto Patronum ! " the silver stag erupt from the end of his wand and canter the length of the hall . all of the examiner look around to watch its progress and when it dissolve into silver mist , Professor Tofty clap his vein and knot hand enthusiastically . " excellent ! " he say . " very well , Potter , you may go ! " as Harry pass Umbridge beside the door their eye meet . there be a nasty smile play around her wide , slack mouth , but he do not care . unless he be very much mistaken ( and he be not plan on say it to anybody , in case he be ) , he have just achieve an " outstanding " O.W.L. On Friday , Harry and Ron have a day off while Hermione sit her Ancient Runes exam , and as they have the whole weekend in front of them , they permit themselves a break from study . they stretch and yawn beside the open window , through which warm summer air waft over them as they play a desultory game of wizard chess . Harry could see Hagrid in the distance , teach a class on the edge of the forest . he be try to guess what creature they be examine -- he think it must be unicorn , because the boy seem to be stand back a little -- when the portrait hole open and Hermione clamber in , look thoroughly bad temper . " how be the rune ? " say Ron , yawn and stretch . " I mistranslate ' ehwaz , ' " say Hermione furiously . " it mean ' partnership , ' not ' defense , ' I mix it up with ' eihwaz . ' " " ah well , " say Ron lazily , " that be only one mistake , be n't it , you will still get -- " " oh shut up , " say Hermione angrily , " it could be the one mistake that make the difference between a pass and a fail . and what be more , someone have put another niffler in Umbridge 's office , I do n't know how they get it through that new door , but I just walk past there and Umbridge be shriek her head off -- by the sound of it , it try to take a chunk out of her leg -- " " good , " say Harry and Ron together . " it be not good ! " say Hermione hotly . " she think it be Hagrid do it , remember ? and we do not want Hagrid chuck out ! " " he be teach at the moment , she ca n't blame him , " say Harry , gesture out of the window . " oh , you be so naive sometimes , Harry , you really think Umbridge will wait for proof ? " say Hermione , who seem determine to be in a towering temper , and she sweep off toward the girl ' dormitory , bang the door behind her . " such a lovely , sweet-tempered girl , " say Ron , very quietly , prod his queen forward so that she could begin beat up one of Harry 's knight . Hermione 's bad mood persist for most of the weekend , though Harry and Ron find it quite easy to ignore as they spend most of Saturday and Sunday study for potion on Monday , the exam to which Harry be look forward least and which he be sure would be the one that would be the downfall of his ambition to become an Auror . sure enough , he find the write exam difficult , though he think he might have get full mark on the question about Polyjuice Potion : he could describe its effect extremely accurately , have take it illegally in his second year . the afternoon practical be not as dreadful as he have expect it to be . with Snape absent from the proceeding he find that he be much more relax than he usually be while make potion . Neville , who be sit very near Harry , also look happy than Harry have ever see him during a potion class . when Professor Marchbanks say , " step away from your cauldron , please , the examination be over , " Harry cork his sample flask feel that he might not have achieve a good grade but that he have , with luck , avoid a fail . " only four exam leave , " say Parvati Patil wearily as they head back to Gryffindor common room . " only ! " say Hermione snappishly . " I have get Arithmancy and it be probably the tough subject there be ! " nobody be foolish enough to snap back , so she be unable to vent her spleen on any of them and be reduce to tell off some first year for giggle too loudly in the common room . Harry be determine to perform well in Tuesday 's Care of Magical Creatures exam so as not to let Hagrid down . the practical examination take place in the afternoon on the lawn on the edge of the Forbidden Forest , where student be require to correctly identify the knarl hide among a dozen hedgehog ( the trick be to offer them all milk in turn : knarls , highly suspicious creature whose quill have many magical property , generally go berserk at what they see as an attempt to poison them ) ; then demonstrate correct handling of a bowtruckle , feed and clean a fire-crab without sustain serious burn , and choose , from a wide selection of food , the diet they would give a sick unicorn . Harry could see Hagrid watch anxiously out of his cabin window . when Harry 's examiner , a plump little witch this time , smile at him and tell him he could leave , Harry give Hagrid a fleeting thumbs-up before head back up to the castle . the Astronomy theory exam on Wednesday morning go well enough ; Harry be not convince he have get the name of all of Jupiter 's moon right , but be at least confident that none of them be inhabit by mouse . they have to wait until evening for their practical astronomy ; the afternoon be devote instead to Divination . even by Harry 's low standard in Divination , the exam go very badly . he might as well have try to see move picture in the desktop as in the stubbornly blank crystal ball ; he lose his head completely during tea-leaf reading , say it look to him as though Professor Marchbanks would shortly be meet a round , dark , soggy stranger , and round off the whole fiasco by mix up the life and head line on her palm and inform her that she ought to have die the previous Tuesday . " well , we be always go to fail that one , " say Ron gloomily as they ascend the marble staircase . he have just make Harry feel rather well by tell him how he tell the examiner in detail about the ugly man with a wart on his nose in his crystal ball , only to look up and realize he have be describe his examiner 's reflection . " we should n't have take the stupid subject in the first place , " say Harry . " still , at least we can give it up now . " " yeah , " say Harry . " no more pretend we care what happen when Jupiter and Uranus get too friendly ... " " and from now on , I do n't care if my tea leave spell die , Ron , die -- I be just chuck them in the bin where they belong . " Harry laugh just as Hermione come run up behind them . he stop laugh at once , in case it annoy her . " well , I think I have do all right in Arithmancy , " she say , and Harry and Ron both sigh with relief . " just time for a quick look over our star chart before dinner , then ... " when they reach the top of the Astronomy Tower at eleven o'clock they find a perfect night for stargazing , cloudless and still . the ground be bath in silvery moonlight , and there be a slight chill in the air . each of them set up his or her telescope and , when Professor Marchbanks give the word , proceed to fill in the blank star chart he or she have be give . professor Marchbanks and Tofty stroll among them , watch as they enter the precise position of the star and planet they be observe . all be quiet except for the rustle of parchment , the occasional creak of a telescope as it be adjust on its stand , and the scribble of many quill . half an hour pass , then an hour ; the little square of reflect gold light flicker on the ground below start to vanish as light in the castle window be extinguish . as Harry complete the constellation Orion on his chart , however , the front door of the castle open directly below the parapet where he be stand , so that light spill down the stone step a little way across the lawn . Harry glance down as he make a slight adjustment to the position of his telescope and see five or six elongate shadow move over the brightly light grass before the door swing shut and the lawn become a sea of darkness once more . Harry put his eye back to his telescope and refocuse it , now examine Venus . he look down at his chart to enter the planet there , but something distract him . pause with his quill suspend over the parchment , he squint down into the shadowy ground and see half a dozen figure walk over the lawn . if they have not be move , and the moonlight have not be gild the top of their head , they would have be indistinguishable from the dark ground on which they stand . even at this distance , Harry have a funny feeling that he recognize the walk of the squattest among them , who seem to be lead the group . he could not think why Umbridge would be take a stroll outside past midnight , much less accompany by five other . then somebody cough behind him , and he remember that he be halfway through an exam . he have quite forget Venus 's position -- jam his eye to his telescope , he find it again and be again on the point of enter it on his chart when , alert for any odd sound , he hear a distant knock that echo through the desert ground , follow immediately by the muffle bark of a large dog . he look up , his heart hammering . there be light on in Hagrid 's window and the people he have observe cross the lawn be now silhouette against them . the door open and he distinctly see six tiny but sharply define figure walk over the threshold . the door close again and there be silence . Harry feel very uneasy . he glance around to see whether Ron or Hermione have notice what he have , but Professor Marchbanks come walk behind him at that moment , and not want to appear as though he be sneak look at anyone else 's work , he hastily bend over his star chart and pretend to be add note to it while really peer over the top of the parapet toward Hagrid 's cabin . figure be now move across the cabin window , temporarily block the light . he could feel Professor Marchbanks 's eye on the back of his neck and press his eye again to his telescope , stare up at the moon though he have mark its position an hour ago , but as Professor Marchbanks move on he hear a roar from the distant cabin that echo through the darkness right to the top of the Astronomy Tower . several of the people around Harry duck out from behind their telescope and peer instead in the direction of Hagrid 's cabin . Professor Tofty give another dry little cough . " try and concentrate , now , boy and girl , " he say softly . most people return to their telescope . Harry look to his left . Hermione be gaze transfix at Hagrid 's . " ahem -- twenty minute to go , " say Professor Tofty . Hermione jump and return at once to her star chart ; Harry look down at his own and notice that he have mislabelled Venus as Mars . he bend to correct it . there be a loud Bang from the ground . several people say " Ouch ! " as they poke themselves in the face with the end of their telescope , hasten to see what be go on below . Hagrid 's door have burst open and by the light flood out of the cabin they see him quite clearly , a massive figure roar and brandish his fist , surround by six people , all of whom , judge by the tiny thread of red light they be cast in his direction , seem to be attempt to Stun him . " no ! " cry Hermione . " my dear ! " say Professor Tofty in a scandalize voice . " this be an examination ! " but nobody be pay the slight attention to their star chart anymore : jet of red light be still fly beside Hagrid 's cabin , yet somehow they seem to be bounce off him . he be still upright and still , as far as Harry could see , fight . cry and yell echo across the ground ; a man yell , " be reasonable , Hagrid ! " and Hagrid roar , " Reasonable be damn , yeh win ' take me like this , Dawlish ! " Harry could see the tiny outline of Fang , attempt to defend Hagrid , leap at the wizard surround him until a Stunning Spell catch him and he fall to the ground . Hagrid give a howl of fury , lift the culprit bodily from the ground , and throw him : the man fly what look like ten foot and do not get up again . Hermione gasp , both hand over her mouth ; Harry look around at Ron and see that he too be look scare . none of them have ever see Hagrid in a real temper before . ... " look ! " squeal Parvati , who be lean over the parapet and point to the foot of the castle where the front door seem to have open again ; more light have spill out onto the dark lawn and a single long black shadow be now ripple across the lawn . " now , really ! " say Professor Tofty anxiously . " only sixteen minute leave , you know ! " but nobody pay him the slight attention : they be watch the person now sprint toward the battle beside Hagrid 's cabin . " how dare you ! " the figure shout as she run . " how dare you ! " " it be McGonagall ! " whisper Hermione . " leave him alone ! alone , I say ! " say Professor McGonagall 's voice through the darkness . " on what ground be you attack him ? he have do nothing , nothing to warrant such -- " Hermione , Parvati , and Lavender all scream . no few than four stunner have shoot from the figure around the cabin toward Professor McGonagall . halfway between cabin and castle the red beam collide with her . for a moment she look luminous , illuminate by an eerie red glow , then be lift right off her foot , land hard on her back , and move no more . " galloping gargoyle ! " shout Professor Tofty , who seem to have forget the exam completely . " not so much as a warning ! outrageous behavior ! " " coward ! " bellow Hagrid , his voice carry clearly to the top of the tower , and several light flicker back on inside the castle . " ruddy coward ! have SOME O ' THAT -- an ' THAT -- " " oh my -- " gasp Hermione . Hagrid take two massive swipe at his close attacker ; judge by their immediate collapse , they have be knock cold . Harry see him double over and think for a moment that he have finally be overcome by a spell , but on the contrary , next moment Hagrid be stand again with what appear to be a sack on his back -- then Harry realize that Fang 's limp body be drape around his shoulder . " get him , get him ! " scream Umbridge , but her remain helper seem highly reluctant to go within reach of Hagrid 's fist . indeed , he be back away so fast he trip over one of his unconscious colleague and fall over . Hagrid have turn and begin to run with Fang still hang around his neck ; Umbridge send one last Stunning Spell after him but it miss , and Hagrid , run full-pelt toward the distant gate , disappear into the darkness . there be a long minute 's quiver silence , everybody gaze openmouthed into the ground . then Professor Tofty 's voice say feebly , " Um ... five minute to go , everybody ... " Though he have only fill in two-third of his chart , Harry be desperate for the end of the exam . when it come at last he , Ron , and Hermione force their telescope haphazardly back into their holder and dash back down the spiral staircase . none of the student be go to bed -- they be all talk loudly and excitedly at the foot of the stair about what they have witness . " that evil woman ! " gasp Hermione , who seem to be have difficulty talk due to rage . " try to sneak up on Hagrid in the dead of night ! " " she clearly want to avoid another scene like Trelawney 's , " say Ernie Macmillan sagely , squeeze over to join them . " Hagrid do well , do n't he ? " say Ron , who look more alarm than impress . " how come all the spell bounce off him ? " " it will be his giant blood , " say Hermione shakily . " it be very hard to Stun a giant , they be like troll , really tough . ... but poor Professor McGonagall . ... Four Stunners straight in the chest , and she be not exactly young , be she ? " " dreadful , dreadful , " say Ernie , shake his head pompously . " well , I be off to bed . ... ' Night , all ... " people around them be drift away , still talk excitedly about what they have just see . " at least they do n't get to take Hagrid off to Azkaban , " say Ron . " I ' spect he be go to join Dumbledore , have n't he ? " " I suppose so , " say Hermione , who look tearful . " oh , this be awful , I really think Dumbledore would be back before long , but now we have lose Hagrid too . ... " they traipse back to the Gryffindor common room to find it full . the commotion out in the ground have wake several people , who have hasten to rouse their friend . Seamus and Dean , who have arrive ahead of Harry , Ron , and Hermione , be now tell everyone what they have hear from the top of the Astronomy Tower . " but why sack Hagrid now ? " ask Angelina Johnson , shake her head . " it be not like Trelawney , he have be teach much well than usual this year ! " " Umbridge hate part-humans , " say Hermione bitterly , flop down into an armchair . " she be always go to try and get Hagrid out . " " and she think Hagrid be put nifflers in her office , " pipe up Katie Bell . " oh blimey , " say Lee Jordan , cover his mouth . " it be me have be put the nifflers in her office , Fred and George leave me a couple , I have be levitate them in through her window . ... " " she will have sack him anyway , " say Dean . " he be too close to Dumbledore . " " that be true , " say Harry , sink into an armchair beside Hermione 's . " I just hope Professor McGonagall be all right , " say Lavender tearfully . " they carry her back up to the castle , we watch through the dormitory window , " say Colin Creevey " she do n't look very well . ... " " Madam Pomfrey will sort her out , " say Alicia Spinnet firmly . " she be never fail yet . " it be nearly four in the morning before the common room clear . Harry feel wide awake -- the image of Hagrid sprint away into the dark be haunt him . he be so angry with Umbridge he could not think of a punishment bad enough for her , though Ron 's suggestion of have her feed to a box of starve Blast-Ended Skrewts have its merit . he fall asleep contemplate hideous revenge and arise from bed three hour later feel distinctly unrested . their final exam , history of Magic , be not to take place until that afternoon . Harry would very much have like to go back to bed after breakfast , but he have be count on the morning for a spot of last-minute study , so instead he sit with his head in his hand by the common room window , try hard not to doze off as he read through some of the note stack three-and-a-half foot high that Hermione have lend him . the fifth year enter the Great Hall at two o'clock and take their place in front of their overturn examination paper . Harry feel exhaust . he just want this to be over so that he could go and sleep . then tomorrow , he and Ron be go to go down to the Quidditch pitch -- he be go to have a fly on Ron 's broom and savor their freedom from study . ... " Turn over your paper , " say Professor Marchbanks from the front of the Hall , flick over the giant hourglass . " you may begin . ... " Harry stare fixedly at the first question . it be several second before it occur to him that he have not take in a word of it ; there be a wasp buzz distractingly against one of the high window . slowly , tortuously , he begin to write an answer . he be find it very difficult to remember name and keep confusing date . he simply skip question four : in your opinion , do wand legislation contribute to , or lead to well control of , goblin riot of the eighteenth century ? think that he would go back to it if he have time at the end . he have a stab at question five : how be the statute of secrecy breach in @card@ and what measure be introduce to prevent a recurrence ? but have a nagging suspicion that he have miss several important point . he have a feeling vampire have come into the story somewhere . ... he look ahead for a question he could definitely answer and his eye alight upon number ten . describe the circumstance that lead to the formation of the International Confederation of Wizards and explain why the warlock of Liechtenstein refuse to join . I know this , Harry think , though his brain feel torpid and slack . he could visualize a heading , in Hermione 's handwriting : the formation of the International Confederation of Wizards ... he have read these note only this morning . ... he begin to write , look up now and again to check the large hourglass on the desk beside Professor Marchbanks . he be sit right behind Parvati Patil , whose long dark hair fall below the back of her chair . once or twice he find himself stare at the tiny golden light that glisten in it when she move her head very slightly and have to give his own head a little shake to clear it . ... the first Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards be Pierre Bonaccord , but his appointment be contest by the Wizarding community of Liechtenstein , because - all around Harry quill be scratch on parchment like scurry , burrow rat . the sun be very hot on the back of his head . what be it that Bonaccord have do to offend the wizard of Liechtenstein ? Harry have a feeling it have something to do with troll . ... he gaze blankly at the back of Parvati 's head again . if he could only perform Legilimency and open a window in the back of her head and see what it be about troll that have cause the breach between Pierre Bonaccord and Liechtenstein . ... Harry close his eye and bury his face in his hand , so that the glowing red of his eyelid grow dark and cool . Bonaccord have want to stop troll-hunting and give the troll right ... but Liechtenstein be have problem with a tribe of particularly vicious mountain troll . ... that be it . ... he open his eye ; they sting and water at the sight of the blazing-white parchment . slowly he write two line about the troll then read through what he have do so far . it do not seem very informative or detailed , yet he be sure Hermione 's note on the confederation have go on for page and page . ... he close his eye again , try to see them , try to remember . ... the confederation have meet for the first time in France , yes , he have write that already . ... Goblins have try to attend and be oust . ... he have write that too . ... and nobody from Liechtenstein have want to come ... think , he tell himself , his face in his hand , while all around him quill scratch out never-end answer and the sand trickle through the hourglass at the front . ... he be walk along the cool , dark corridor to the Department of Mysteries again , walk with a firm and purposeful tread , break occasionally into a run , determine to reach his destination at last . ... the black door swing open for him as usual , and here he be in the circular room with its many door . ... Straight across the stone floor and through the second door ... patch of dance light on the wall and floor and that odd mechanical click , but no time to explore , he must hurry . ... he jog the last few foot to the third door , which swing open just like the other . ... once again he be in the cathedral-sized room full of shelf and glass sphere . ... his heart be beat very fast now . ... he be go to get there this time . ... when he reach number ninety-seven he turn leave and hurry along the aisle between two row . ... but there be a shape on the floor at the very end , a black shape move upon the floor like a wounded animal . ... Harry 's stomach contract with fear ... with excitement . ... a voice issue from his own mouth , a high , cold voice empty of any human kindness , " take it for me . ... lift it down , now . ... I can touch it ... but you can . ... " the black shape upon the floor shift a little . Harry see a long-fingered white hand clutch a wand rise on the end of his own arm ... hear the high , cold voice say , " Crucio ! " the man on the floor let out a scream of pain , attempt to stand but fall back , writhe . Harry be laugh . he raise his wand , the curse lift , and the figure groan and become motionless . " Lord Voldemort be wait . ... " Very slowly , his arm tremble , the man on the ground raise his shoulder a few inch and lift his head . his face be bloodstained and gaunt , twist in pain yet rigid with defiance . ... " you will have to kill me , " whisper Sirius . " undoubtedly I shall in the end , " say the cold voice . " but you will fetch it for me first , Black . ... you think you have feel pain thus far ? think again . ... we have hour ahead of us and nobody to hear you scream . ... " but somebody scream as Voldemort lower his wand again ; somebody yell and fall sideways off a hot desk onto the cold stone floor . Harry hit the ground and awake , still yell , his scar on fire , as the Great Hall erupt all around him . out of the Fire " I be not go . ... I do n't need the hospital wing . ... I do n't want ... " he be gibber , try to pull away from Professor Tofty , who be look at him with much concern , and who have just help Harry out into the entrance hall while the student all around them stare . " I be -- I be fine , sir , " Harry stammer , wipe the sweat from his face . " really ... I just fall asleep . ... have a nightmare ... " " pressure of examination ! " say the old wizard sympathetically , pat Harry shakily on the shoulder . " it happen , young man , it happen ! now , a cool drink of water , and perhaps you will be ready to return to the Great Hall ? the examination be nearly over , but you may be able to round off your last answer nicely ? " " yes , " say Harry wildly . " I mean ... no ... I have do -- do as much as I can , I think . ... " " Very well , very well , " say the old wizard gently . " I shall go and collect your examination paper , and I suggest that you go and have a nice lie down . ... " " I will do that , " say Harry , nod vigorously . " thanks very much . " he wait for the second when the old man 's heel disappear over the threshold into the Great Hall , then run up the marble staircase and then more staircase toward the hospital wing , hurtle along the corridor so fast that the portrait he pass mutter reproach , and burst through the double door like a hurricane , cause Madam Pomfrey , who have be spoon some bright blue liquid into Montague 's open mouth , to shriek in alarm . " Potter , what do you think you be do ? " " I need to see Professor McGonagall , " gasp Harry , the breath tear his lung . " now ... it be urgent . ... " " she be not here , Potter , " say Madam Pomfrey sadly . " she be transfer to St. Mungo be this morning . Four Stunning Spells straight to the chest at her age ? it be a wonder they do n't kill her . " " she be ... go ? " say Harry , stun . the bell ring just outside the dormitory , and he hear the usual distant rumble of student start to flood out into the corridor above and below him . he remain quite still , look at Madam Pomfrey . terror be rise inside him . there be nobody leave to tell . Dumbledore have go , Hagrid have go , but he have always expect Professor McGonagall to be there , irascible and inflexible , perhaps , but always dependably , solidly present . ... " I do n't wonder you be shock , Potter , " say Madam Pomfrey with a kind of fierce approval in her face . " as if one of them could have stun Minerva McGonagall face on by daylight ! cowardice , that be what it be . ... despicable cowardice ... if I be n't worry what would happen to you student without me , I will resign in protest . ... " " Yes , " say Harry blankly . he stride blindly from the hospital wing into the teem corridor where he stand , buffet by the crowd , the panic expand inside him like poison gas so that his head swim and he could not think what to do . ... Ron and Hermione , say a voice in his head . he be run again , push student out of the way , oblivious to their angry protest and shout . he sprint back down two floor and be at the top of the marble staircase when he see them hurry toward him . " Harry ! " say Hermione at once , look very frightened . " what happen ? be you all right ? be you ill ? " " where have you be ? " demand Ron . " come with me , " Harry say quickly . " come on , I have get to tell you something . ... " he lead them along the first-floor corridor , peer through doorway , and at last find an empty classroom into which he dive , close the door behind Ron and Hermione the moment they be inside and lean against it , face them . " Voldemort 's get Sirius . " " what ? " " how d'you -- ? " " see it . just now . when I fall asleep in the exam . " " but -- but where ? how ? " say Hermione , whose face be white . " I dunno how , " say Harry . " but I know exactly where . there be a room in the Department of Mysteries full of shelf cover in these little glass ball , and they be at the end of row ninety-seven ... he be try to use Sirius to get whatever it be he want from in there . ... he be torture him . ... say he will end by kill him ... " Harry find his voice be shake , as be his knee . he move over to a desk and sit down on it , try to master himself . " how be we go to get there ? " he ask them . there be a moment 's silence . then Ron say , " G-get there ? " " get to the Department of Mysteries , so we can rescue Sirius ! " Harry say loudly . " but -- Harry ... " say Ron weakly . " what ? what ? " say Harry . he could not understand why they be both gape at him as though he be ask them something unreasonable . " Harry , " say Hermione in a rather frightened voice , " er ... how ... how do Voldemort get into the Ministry of Magic without anybody realize he be there ? " " how do I know ? " bellow Harry . " the question be how we be go to get in there ! " " but ... Harry , think about this , " say Hermione , take a step toward him , " it be five o'clock in the afternoon . ... the Ministry of Magic must be full of worker . ... how would Voldemort and Sirius have get in without be see ? Harry ... they be probably the two most wanted wizard in the world . ... you think they could get into a building full of Aurors undetected ? " " I dunno , Voldemort use an Invisibility Cloak or something ! " Harry shout . " anyway , the Department of Mysteries have always be completely empty whenever I have be -- " " you have never be there , Harry , " say Hermione quietly . " you have dream about the place , that be all . " " they be not normal dream ! " Harry shout in her face , stand up and take a step closer to her in turn . he want to shake her . " how d'you explain Ron 's dad then , what be all that about , how come I know what have happen to him ? " " he be get a point , " say Ron quietly , look at Hermione . " but this be just -- just so unlikely ! " say Hermione desperately . " Harry , how on earth could Voldemort have get hold of Sirius when he have be in Grimmauld place all the time ? " " Sirius might have crack and just want some fresh air , " say Ron , sound worry . " he have be desperate to get out of that house for age -- " " but why , " Hermione persist , " why on earth would Voldemort want to use Sirius to get the weapon , or whatever the thing be ? " " I dunno , there could be load of reason ! " Harry yell at her . " maybe Sirius be just someone Voldemort do n't care about see hurt -- " " you know what , I have just think of something , " say Ron in a hush voice . " Sirius 's brother be a Death Eater , be n't he ? maybe he tell Sirius the secret of how to get the weapon ! " " yeah -- and that be why Dumbledore have be so keen to keep Sirius lock up all the time ! " say Harry . " look , I be sorry , " cry Hermione , " but neither of you be make sense , and we have get no proof for any of this , no proof Voldemort and Sirius be even there -- " " Hermione , Harry have see them ! " say Ron , round on her . " okay , " she say , look frightened yet determine , " I have just get to say this . ... " " what ? " " you ... this be n't a criticism , Harry ! but you do ... sort of ... I mean -- do n't you think you have get a bit of a -- a -- saving-people-thing ? " she say . he glare at her . " and what be that suppose to mean , a ' saving-people-thing ' ? " " well ... you ... " she look more apprehensive than ever . " I mean ... last year , for instance ... in the lake ... during the tournament ... you should n't have ... I mean , you do n't need to save that little Delacour girl . ... you get a bit ... carry away ... " a wave of hot , prickly anger sweep Harry 's body -- how could she remind him of that blunder now ? " ... I mean , it be really great of you and everything , " say Hermione quickly , look positively petrify at the look on Harry 's face . " everyone think it be a wonderful thing to do -- " " that be funny , " say Harry in a tremble voice , " because I definitely remember Ron say I have waste time act the hero . ... be that what you think this be ? you reckon I want to act the hero again ? " " no , no , no ! " say Hermione , look aghast . " that be not what I mean at all ! " " well , spit out what you have get to say , because we be waste time here ! " Harry shout . " I be try to say -- Voldemort know you , Harry ! he take Ginny down into the Chamber of Secrets to lure you there , it be the kind of thing he do , he know you be the -- the sort of person who will go to Sirius 's aid ! what if he be just try to get you into the Department of Myst -- ? " " Hermione , it do n't matter if he have do it to get me there or not -- they have take McGonagall to St. Mungo 's , there be n't anyone leave from the order at Hogwarts who we can tell , and if we do n't go , Sirius be dead ! " " but Harry -- what if your dream be -- be just that , a dream ? " Harry let out a roar of frustration . Hermione actually step back from him , look alarm . " you do n't get it ! " Harry shout at her . " I be not have nightmare , I be not just dream ! what d'you think all the Occlumency be for , why d'you think Dumbledore want me prevent from see these thing ? because they be real , Hermione -- Sirius be trap -- I have see him -- Voldemort 's get him , and no one else know , and that mean we be the only one who can save him , and if you do n't want to do it , fine , but I be go , understand ? and if I remember rightly , you do n't have a problem with my saving-people-thing when it be you I be save from the dementors , or " -- he round on Ron -- " when it be your sister I be save from the basilisk -- " " I never say I have a problem ! " say Ron heatedly . " but Harry , you have just say it , " say Hermione fiercely . " Dumbledore want you to learn to shut these thing out of your mind , if you have do Occlumency properly you will never have see this -- " " if you Think I 'M Just Going To Act Like I Have N'T Seen -- " " Sirius tell you there be nothing more important than you learn to close your mind ! " " well , I EXPECT HE 'D Say SOMETHING Different if He KNEW what I 'D Just -- " the classroom door open . Harry , Ron , and Hermione whip around . Ginny walk in , look curious , follow by Luna , who as usual look as though she have drift in accidentally . " hi , " say Ginny uncertainly . " we recognize Harry 's voice -- what be you yell about ? " " never you mind , " say Harry roughly . Ginny raise her eyebrow . " there be no need to take that tone with me , " she say coolly . " I be only wonder whether I could help . " " well , you ca n't , " say Harry shortly . " you be be rather rude , you know , " say Luna serenely . Harry swear and turn away . the very last thing he want now be a conversation with Luna Lovegood . " wait , " say Hermione suddenly . " wait ... Harry , they can help . " Harry and Ron look at her . " listen , " she say urgently , " Harry , we need to establish whether Sirius really have leave headquarters -- " " I have tell you , I see -- " " Harry , I be beg you , please ! " say Hermione desperately . " please let be just check that Sirius be n't at home before we go charge off to London -- if we find out he be not there then I swear I wo n't try and stop you , I will come , I will d-do whatever it take to try and save him -- " " Sirius be be torture now ! " shout Harry . " we have n't get time to waste -- " " but if this be a trick of V-Voldemort 's -- Harry , we have get to check , we have get to -- " " how ? " Harry demand . " how be we go to check ? " " we will have to use Umbridge 's fire and see if we can contact him , " say Hermione , who look positively terrify at the thought . " we will draw Umbridge away again , but we will need lookout , and that be where we can use Ginny and Luna . " though clearly struggle to understand what be go on , Ginny say immediately , " Yeah , we will do it , " and Luna say , " when you say ' Sirius , ' be you talk about Stubby Boardman ? " nobody answer her . " okay , " Harry say aggressively to Hermione , " Okay , if you can think of a way of do this quickly , I be with you , otherwise I be go to the Department of Mysteries right now -- " " the Department of Mysteries ? " say Luna , look mildly surprised . " but how be you go to get there ? " again , Harry ignore her . " right , " say Hermione , twist her hand together and pace up and down between the desk . " right ... well ... one of us have to go and find Umbridge and -- and send her off in the wrong direction , keep her away from her office . they could tell her -- I do n't know -- that Peeves be up to something awful as usual . ... " " I will do it , " say Ron at once . " I will tell her Peeves be smash up the transfiguration department or something , it be mile away from her office . come to think of it , I could probably persuade Peeves to do it if I meet him on the way . ... " it be a mark of the seriousness of the situation that Hermione make no objection to the smash up of the transfiguration department . " okay , " she say , her brow furrow as she continue to pace . " now , we need to keep student away from her office while we force entry , or some Slytherin be bind to go and tip her off . ... " " Luna and I can stand at either end of the corridor , " say Ginny promptly , " and warn people not to go down there because someone be let off a load of Garroting Gas . " Hermione look surprise at the readiness with which Ginny have come up with this lie . Ginny shrug and say , " Fred and George be plan to do it before they leave . " " okay , " say Hermione , " well then , Harry , you and I will be under the Invisibility Cloak , and we will sneak into the office and you can talk to Sirius -- " " he be not there , Hermione ! " " I mean , you can -- can check whether Sirius be at home or not while I keep watch , I do n't think you should be in there alone , Lee 's already prove the window be a weak spot , send those nifflers through it . " even through his anger and impatience Harry recognize Hermione 's offer to accompany him into Umbridge 's office as a sign of solidarity and loyalty . " I ... okay , thanks , " he mutter . " right , well , even if we do all of that , I do n't think we be go to be able to bank on more than five minute , " say Hermione , look relieved that Harry seem to have accept the plan , " not with Filch and the wretched Inquisitorial Squad float around . " " five minute will be enough , " say Harry . " C'mon , let be go -- " " now ? " say Hermione , look shock . " of course now ! " say Harry angrily . " what do you think , we be go to wait until after dinner or something ? Hermione , Sirius be be torture right now ! " " I -- oh all right , " she say desperately . " you go and get the Invisibility Cloak and we will meet you at the end of Umbridge 's corridor , okay ? " Harry do not answer , but fling himself out of the room and begin to fight his way through the milling crowd outside . two floor up he meet Seamus and Dean , who hail him jovially and tell him they be plan a dusk-till-dawn end-of-exams celebration in the common room . Harry barely hear them . he scramble through the portrait hole while they be still argue about how many black-market butterbeers they would need and be climb back out of it , the Invisibility Cloak and Sirius 's knife secure in his bag , before they notice he have leave them . " Harry , d'you want to chip in a couple of Galleons ? Harold Dingle reckon he could sell us some firewhisky . ... " but Harry be already tear away back along the corridor , and a couple of minute later be jump the last few stair to join Ron , Hermione , Ginny , and Luna , who be huddle together at the end of Umbridge 's corridor . " got it , " he pant . " ready to go , then ? " " all right , " whisper Hermione as a gang of loud sixth year pass them . " so Ron -- you go and head Umbridge off . ... Ginny , Luna , if you can start move people out of the corridor . ... Harry and I will get the cloak on and wait until the coast be clear . ... " Ron stride away , his bright red hair visible right to the end of the passage . meanwhile , Ginny 's equally vivid head bob between the jostle student surround them in the other direction , trail by Luna 's blonde one . " get over here , " mutter Hermione , tug at Harry 's wrist and pull him back into a recess where the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard stand mutter to itself on a column . " be -- be you sure you be okay , Harry ? you be still very pale . ... " " I be fine , " he say shortly , tug the Invisibility Cloak from out of his bag . in truth , his scar be ache , but not so badly that he think Voldemort have yet deal Sirius a fatal blow . it have hurt much worse than this when Voldemort have be punish Avery . ... " here , " he say . he throw the Invisibility Cloak over both of them and they stand listen carefully over the Latin mumblings of the bust in front of them . " you ca n't come down here ! " Ginny be call to the crowd . " no , sorry , you be go to have to go round by the swivel staircase , someone be let off Garroting Gas just along here -- " they could hear people complain ; one surly voice say , " I ca n't see no gas ... " " that be because it be colorless , " say Ginny in a convincingly exasperate voice , " but if you want to walk through it , carry on , then we will have your body as proof for the next idiot who do n't believe us . ... " Slowly the crowd thin . the news about the Garroting Gas seem to have spread -- people be not come this way anymore . when at last the surrounding area be quite clear , Hermione say quietly , " I think that be as good as we be go to get , Harry -- come on , let be do it . " together they move forward , cover by the cloak . Luna be stand with her back to them at the far end of the corridor . as they pass Ginny , Hermione whisper , " good one ... do n't forget the signal ... " " what be the signal ? " mutter Harry , as they approach Urn-bridge 's door . " a loud chorus of ' Weasley I Our King ' if they see Umbridge come , " reply Hermione , as Harry insert the blade of Sirius 's knife in the crack between door and wall . the lock click open , and they enter the office . the garish kitten be bask in the late afternoon sunshine warm their plate , but otherwise the office be as still and empty as last time . Hermione breathe a sigh of relief . " I think she might have add extra security after the second niffler . ... " they pull off the cloak . Hermione hurry over to the window and stand out of sight , peer down into the ground with her wand out . Harry dash over to the fireplace , seize the pot of Floo powder , and throw a pinch into the grate , cause emerald flame to burst into life there . he kneel down quickly , thrust his head into the dancing fire , and cry , " Number twelve , Grimmauld Place ! " his head begin to spin as though he have just get off a fairground ride though his knee remain firmly plant upon the cold office floor . he keep his eye screw up against the whirl ash , and when the spinning stop , he open them to find himself look out upon the long , cold kitchen of Grimmauld Place . there be nobody there . he have expect this , yet be not prepare for the molten wave of dread and panic that seem to burst through his stomach floor at the sight of the desert room . " Sirius ? " he shout . " Sirius , be you there ? " his voice echo around the room , but there be no answer except a tiny scuff sound to the right of the fire . " who be there ? " he call , wonder whether it be just a mouse . Kreacher the house-elf come creep into view . he look highly delighted about something , though he seem to have recently sustain a nasty injury to both hand , which be heavily bandage . " it be the Potter boy 's head in the fire , " Kreacher inform the empty kitchen , steal furtive , oddly triumphant glance at Harry . " what have he come for , Kreacher wonder ? " " where be Sirius , Kreacher ? " Harry demand . the house-elf give a wheezy chuckle . " master have go out , Harry Potter . " " where be he go ? where have he go , Kreacher ? " Kreacher merely cackle . " I be warn you ! " say Harry , fully aware that his scope for inflict punishment upon Kreacher be almost nonexistent in this position . " what about Lupin ? Mad-Eye ? any of them , be any of them here ? " " nobody here but Kreacher ! " say the elf gleefully , and turn away from Harry he begin to walk slowly toward the door at the end of the kitchen . " Kreacher think he will have a little chat with his mistress now , yes , he have n't have a chance in a long time , Kreacher 's Master have be keep him away from her -- " " where have Sirius go ? " Harry yell after the elf . " Kreacher , have he go to the Department of Mysteries ? " Kreacher stop in his track . Harry could just make out the back of his bald head through the forest of chair leg before him . " master do not tell poor Kreacher where he be go , " say the elf quietly . " but you know ! " shout Harry . " do n't you ? you know where he be ! " there be a moment 's silence , then the elf let out his loud cackle yet . " master will not come back from the Department of Mysteries ! " he say gleefully . " Kreacher and his mistress be alone again ! " and he scurry forward and disappear through the door to the hall . " you -- ! " but before he could utter a single curse or insult , Harry feel a great pain at the top of his head . he inhale a lot of ash and , choke , find himself be drag backward through the flame until , with a horrible abruptness , he be stare up into the wide , pallid face of Professor Umbridge , who have drag him backward out of the fire by the hair and be now bend his neck back as far as it would go as though she be go to slit his throat . " you think , " she whisper , bend Harry 's neck back even farther , so that he be look up at the ceiling above him , " that after two nifflers I be go to let one more foul , scavenge little creature enter my office without my knowledge ? I have Stealth Sensoring Spells place all around my doorway after the last one get in , you foolish boy . take his wand , " she bark at someone he could not see , and he feel a hand grope inside the chest pocket of his robe and remove the wand . " hers too ... " Harry hear a scuffle over by the door and know that Hermione have just have her wand wrest from her as well . " I want to know why you be in my office , " say Umbridge , shake the fist clutch his hair so that he stagger . " I be -- try to get my Firebolt ! " Harry croak . " liar . " she shake his head again . " your Firebolt be under strict guard in the dungeon , as you very well know , Potter . you have your head in my fire . with whom have you be communicate ? " " no one -- " say Harry , try to pull away from her . he feel several hair part company with his scalp . " liar ! " shout Umbridge . she throw him from her , and he slam into the desk . now he could see Hermione pinion against the wall by Millicent Bulstrode . Malfoy be lean on the windowsill , smirk as he throw Harry 's wand into the air one-handed and then catch it again . there be a commotion outside and several large Slytherins enter , each gripping Ron , Ginny , Luna , and -- to Harry 's bewilderment -- Neville , who be trap in a stranglehold by Crabbe and look in imminent danger of suffocation . all four of them have be gag . " Got ' em all , " say Warrington , shove Ron roughly forward into the room . " that one . " he poke a thick finger at Neville , " try to stop me take her , " he point at Ginny , who be try to kick the shin of the large Slytherin girl hold her , " so I bring him along too . " " good , good , " say Umbridge , watch Ginny 's struggle . " well , it look as though Hogwarts will shortly be a Weasley-free zone , do n't it ? " Malfoy laugh loudly and sycophantically . Umbridge give her wide , complacent smile and settle herself into a chintz-covered armchair , blink up at her captive like a toad in a flowerbed . " so , Potter , " she say . " you station lookout around my office and you send this buffoon , " she nod at Ron , and Malfoy laugh even loud , " to tell me the poltergeist be wreak havoc in the transfiguration department when I know perfectly well that he be busy smear ink on the eyepiece of all the school telescope , Mr. Filch have just inform me so . " clearly , it be very important for you to talk to somebody . be it Albus Dumbledore ? or the half-breed , Hagrid ? I doubt it be Minerva McGonagall , I hear she be still too ill to talk to anyone . ... " Malfoy and a few of the other member of the Inquisitorial Squad laugh some more at that . Harry find he be so full of rage and hatred he be shake . " it be none of your business who I talk to , " he snarl . Umbridge 's slack face seem to tighten . " very well , " she say in her most dangerous and falsely sweet voice . " very well , Mr. Potter ... I offer you the chance to tell me freely . you refuse . I have no alternative but to force you . Draco -- fetch Professor Snape . " Malfoy stow Harry 's wand inside his robe and leave the room smirk , but Harry hardly notice . he have just realize something ; he could not believe he have be so stupid as to forget it . he have think that all the member of the order , all those who could help him save Sirius , be go -- but he have be wrong . there be still a member of the order of the Phoenix at Hogwarts -- Snape . there be silence in the office except for the fidgetings and scufflings resultant from the Slytherins ' effort to keep Ron and the other under control . Ron 's lip be bleed onto Umbridge 's carpet as he struggle against Warrington 's half nelson . Ginny be still try to stamp on the foot of the sixth-year girl who have both her upper arm in a tight grip . Neville be turn steadily more purple in the face while tug at Crabbe 's arm , and Hermione be attempt vainly to throw Millicent Bulstrode off her . Luna , however , stand limply by the side of her captor , gaze vaguely out of the window as though rather bore by the proceeding . Harry look back at Umbridge , who be watch him closely . he keep his face deliberately smooth and blank as footstep be hear in the corridor outside and Draco Malfoy come back into the room , hold open the door for Snape . " you want to see me , Headmistress ? " say Snape , look around at all the pair of struggle student with an expression of complete indifference . " ah , Professor Snape , " say Umbridge , smile widely and stand up again . " yes , I would like another bottle of Veritaserum , as quick as you can , please . " " you take my last bottle to interrogate Potter , " he say , observe her coolly through his greasy curtain of black hair . " surely you do not use it all ? I tell you that three drop would be sufficient . " Umbridge flush . " you can make some more , ca n't you ? " she say , her voice become more sweetly girlish as it always do when she be furious . " certainly , " say Snape , his lip curling . " it take a full moon cycle to mature , so I should have it ready for you in around a month . " " a month ? " squawk Umbridge , swell toadishly . " a month ? but I need it this evening , Snape ! I have just find Potter use my fire to communicate with a person or person unknown ! " " really ? " say Snape , show his first , faint sign of interest as he look around at Harry . " well , it do n't surprise me . Potter have never show much inclination to follow school rule . " his cold , dark eye be boring into Harry 's , who meet his gaze unflinchingly , concentrate hard on what he have see in his dream , willing Snape to read it in his mind , to understand ... " I wish to interrogate him ! " shout Umbridge angrily , and Snape look away from Harry back into her furiously quiver face . " I wish you to provide me with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth ! " " I have already tell you , " say Snape smoothly , " that I have no further stock of Veritaserum . unless you wish to poison Potter -- and I assure you I would have the great sympathy with you if you do -- I can help you . the only trouble be that most venom act too fast to give the victim much time for truth-telling . ... " Snape look back at Harry , who stare at him , frantic to communicate without word . Voldemort 's get Sirius in the Department of Mysteries , he think desperately . Voldemort 's get Sirius - " you be on probation ! " shriek Professor Umbridge , and Snape look back at her , his eyebrow slightly raise . " you be be deliberately unhelpful ! I expect well , Lucius Malfoy always speak most highly of you ! now get out of my office ! " Snape give her an ironic bow and turn to leave . Harry know his last chance of let the order know what be go on be walk out of the door . " he be get Padfoot ! " he shout . " he be get Padfoot at the place where it be hide ! " Snape have stop with his hand on Umbridge 's door handle . " Padfoot ? " cry Professor Umbridge , look eagerly from Harry to Snape . " what be Padfoot ? where what be hide ? what do he mean , Snape ? " Snape look around at Harry . his face be inscrutable . Harry could not tell whether he have understand or not , but he do not dare speak more plainly in front of Umbridge . " I have no idea , " say Snape coldly . " Potter , when I want nonsense shout at me I shall give you a Babbling Beverage . and Crabbe , loosen your hold a little , if Longbottom suffocate it will mean a lot of tedious paperwork , and I be afraid I shall have to mention it on your reference if ever you apply for a job . " he close the door behind him with a snap , leave Harry in a state of bad turmoil than before : Snape have be his very last hope . he look at Umbridge , who seem to be feel the same way ; her chest be heave with rage and frustration . " very well , " she say , and she pull out her wand . " very well ... I be leave with no alternative . ... this be more than a matter of school discipline . ... this be an issue of Ministry security . ... Yes ... yes ... " she seem to be talk herself into something . she be shift her weight nervously from foot to foot , stare at Harry , beat her wand against her empty palm and breathe heavily . Harry feel horribly powerless without his own wand as he watch her . " you be force me , Potter . ... I do not want to , " say Umbridge , still move restlessly on the spot , " but sometimes circumstance justify the use ... I be sure the Minister will understand that I have no choice . ... " Malfoy be watch her with a hungry expression on his face . " the Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue , " say Umbridge quietly . " no ! " shriek Hermione . " Professor Umbridge -- it be illegal " -- but Umbridge take no notice . there be a nasty , eager , excited look on her face that Harry have never see before . she raise her wand . " the Minister would n't want you to break the law , Professor Umbridge ! " cry Hermione . " what Cornelius do n't know wo n't hurt him , " say Umbridge , who be now pant slightly as she point her wand at different part of Harry 's body in turn , apparently try to decide what would hurt the most . " he never know I order dementors after Potter last summer , but he be delight to be give the chance to expel him , all the same . ... " " it be you ? " gasp Harry . " you send the dementors after me ? " " somebody have to act , " breathe Umbridge , as her wand come to rest point directly at Harry 's forehead . " they be all bleat about silence you somehow -- discredit you -- but I be the one who actually do something about it . ... only you wriggle out of that one , do n't you , Potter ? not today , though , not now ... " and take a deep breath , she cry , " Cruc -- " " No ! " shout Hermione in a cracked voice from behind Millicent Bulstrode . " no -- Harry -- Harry , we will have to tell her ! " " no way ! " yell Harry , stare at the little of Hermione he could see . " we will have to , Harry , she will force it out of you anyway , what be ... what be the point ... ? " and Hermione begin to cry weakly into the back of Millicent Bulstrode 's robe . Millicent stop try to squash her against the wall immediately and dodge out of her way look disgusted . " well , well , well ! " say Umbridge , look triumphant . " Little Miss Question-All be go to give us some answer ! come on then , girl , come on ! " " er -- my -- nee -- no ! " shout Ron through his gag . Ginny be stare at Hermione as though she have never see her before ; Neville , still choke for breath , be gaze at her too . but Harry have just notice something . though Hermione be sob desperately into her hand , there be no trace of a tear . ... " I be -- I be sorry everyone , " say Hermione . " but -- I ca n't stand it -- " " that be right , that be right , girl ! " say Umbridge , seize Hermione by the shoulder , thrust her into the abandon chintz chair and lean over her . " now then ... with whom be Potter communicate just now ? " " well , " gulp Hermione into her hand , " well , he be try to speak to Professor Dumbledore . ... " Ron freeze , his eye wide ; Ginny stop try to stamp on her Slytherin captor 's toe ; even Luna look mildly surprise . fortunately , the attention of Umbridge and her minion be focus too exclusively upon Hermione to notice these suspicious sign . " Dumbledore ? " say Umbridge eagerly . " you know where Dumbledore be , then ? " " well ... no ! " sob Hermione . " we have try the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley and the three Broomsticks and even the Hog 's Head -- " " Idiot girl , Dumbledore wo n't be sit in a pub when the whole Ministry be look for him ! " shout Umbridge , disappointment etch in every sag line of her face . " but -- but we need to tell him something important ! " wail Hermione , hold her hand more tightly over her face , not , Harry know , out of anguish , but to disguise the continued absence of tear . " yes ? " say Umbridge with a sudden resurgence of excitement . " what be it you want to tell him ? " " we ... we want to tell him it be r-ready ! " choke Hermione . " what be ready ? " demand Umbridge , and now she grab Hermione 's shoulder again and shake her slightly . " what be ready , girl ? " " the ... the weapon , " say Hermione . " weapon ? weapon ? " say Umbridge , and her eye seem to pop with excitement . " you have be develop some method of resistance ? a weapon you could use against the Ministry ? on Professor Dumbledore 's order , of course ? " " Y-y-yes , " gasp Hermione . " but he have to leave before it be finish and n-n-now we have finish it for him , and we c-c-ca n't find him t-t-to tell him ! " " what kind of weapon be it ? " say Umbridge harshly , her stubby hand still tight on Hermione 's shoulder . " we do n't r-r-really understand it , " say Hermione , sniff loudly . " we j-j-just do what P-P-Professor Dumbledore tell us t-t-to do ... " Umbridge straighten up , look exultant . " lead me to the weapon , " she say . " I be not show ... them , " say Hermione shrilly , look around at the Slytherins through her finger . " it be not for you to set condition , " say Professor Umbridge harshly . " fine , " say Hermione , now sob into her hand again , " fine ... let them see it , I hope they use it on you ! in fact , I wish you will invite load and load of people to come and see ! Th-that would serve you right -- oh , I will love it if the wh-whole school know where it be , and how to u-use it , and then if you annoy any of them they will be able to s-sort you out ! " these word have a powerful impact on Umbridge . she glance swiftly and suspiciously around at her Inquisitorial Squad , her bulge eye rest for a moment on Malfoy , who be too slow to disguise the look of eagerness and greed that have appear on his face . Umbridge contemplate Hermione for another long moment and then speak in what she clearly think be a motherly voice . " all right , dear , let be make it just you and me ... and we will take Potter too , shall we ? get up , now -- " " Professor , " say Malfoy eagerly , " Professor Umbridge , I think some of the squad should come with you to look after -- " " I be a fully qualify Ministry official , Malfoy , do you really think I can manage two wandless teenager alone ? " ask Umbridge sharply . " in any case , it do not sound as though this weapon be something that schoolchildren should see . you will remain here until I return and make sure none of these " -- she gesture around at Ron , Ginny , Neville , and Luna -- " escape . " " all right , " say Malfoy , look sulky and disappointed . " and you two can go ahead of me and show me the way , " say Umbridge , point at Harry and Hermione with her wand . " lead on . ... " Fight and Flight Harry have no idea what Hermione be plan , or even whether she have a plan . he walk half a pace behind her as they head down the corridor outside Umbridge 's office , know it would look very suspicious if he appear not to know where they be go . he do not dare attempt to talk to her ; Umbridge be walk so closely behind them that he could hear her ragged breathing . Hermione lead the way down the stair into the entrance hall . the din of loud voice and the clatter of cutlery on plate echo from out of the double door to the Great Hall . it seem incredible to Harry that twenty foot away be people who be enjoy dinner , celebrate the end of exam , not a care in the world . ... Hermione walk straight out of the oak front door and down the stone step into the balmy evening air . the sun be fall toward the top of the tree in the Forbidden Forest now as Hermione march purposefully across the grass , Umbridge jog to keep up . their long dark shadow ripple over the grass behind them like cloak . " it be hide in Hagrid 's hut , be it ? " say Umbridge eagerly in Harry 's ear . " of course not , " say Hermione scathingly . " Hagrid might have set it off accidentally . " " yes , " say Umbridge , whose excitement seem to be mount . " yes , he would have do , of course , the great half-breed oaf . ... " she laugh . Harry feel a strong urge to swing around and seize her by the throat , but resist . his scar be throb in the soft evening air but it have not yet burn white-hot , as he know it would if Voldemort have move in for the kill . ... " then ... where be it ? " ask Umbridge , with a hint of uncertainty in her voice as Hermione continue to stride toward the forest . " in there , of course , " say Hermione , point into the dark tree . " it have to be somewhere that student be n't go to find it accidentally , do n't it ? " " of course , " say Umbridge , though she sound a little apprehensive now . " of course ... very well , then ... you two stay ahead of me . " " can we have your wand , then , if we be go first ? " Harry ask her . " no , I do n't think so , Mr. Potter , " say Umbridge sweetly , poke him in the back with it . " the Ministry place a rather high value on my life than yours , I be afraid . " as they reach the cool shade of the first tree , Harry try to catch Hermione 's eye ; walk into the forest without wand seem to him to be more foolhardy than anything they have do so far this evening . she , however , merely give Umbridge a contemptuous glance and plunge straight into the tree , move at such a pace that Umbridge , with her short leg , have difficulty in keep up . " be it very far in ? " Umbridge ask , as her robe rip on a bramble . " oh yes , " say Hermione . " yes , it be well hide . " Harry 's misgiving increase . Hermione be not take the path they have follow to visit Grawp , but the one he have follow three year ago to the lair of the monster Aragog . Hermione have not be with him on that occasion ; he doubt she have any idea what danger lie at the end of it . " er -- be you sure this be the right way ? " he ask her pointedly . " oh yes , " she say in a steely voice , crash through the undergrowth with what he think be a wholly unnecessary amount of noise . behind them , Umbridge trip over a fall sapling . neither of them pause to help her up again ; Hermione merely stride on , call loudly over her shoulder , " it be a bit further in ! " " Hermione , keep your voice down , " Harry mutter , hurry to catch up with her . " anything could be listen in here -- " " I want us hear , " she answer quietly , as Umbridge jog noisily after them . " you will see . ... " they walk on for what seem a long time , until they be once again so deep into the forest that the dense tree canopy block out all light . Harry have the feeling he have have before in the forest , one of be watch by unseen eye . ... " how much further ? " demand Umbridge angrily from behind him . " not far now ! " shout Hermione , as they emerge into a dim , dank clearing . " just a little bit -- " an arrow fly through the air and land with a menace thud in the tree just over her head . the air be suddenly full of the sound of hoof . Harry could feel the forest floor tremble ; Umbridge give a little scream and push him in front of her like a shield - he wrench himself free of her and turn . around fifty centaur be emerge on every side , their bow raise and load , point at Harry , Hermione , and Umbridge , who back slowly into the center of the clearing , Umbridge utter odd little whimper of terror . Harry look sideways at Hermione . she be wear a triumphant smile . " who be you ? " say a voice . Harry look leave . the chestnut-bodied centaur call Magorian be walk toward them out of the circle ; his bow , like the other ' , be raise . on Harry 's right , Umbridge be still whimper , her wand tremble violently as she point it at the advance centaur . " I ask you who be you , human , " say Magorian roughly . " I be Dolores Umbridge ! " say Umbridge in a high-pitched , terrify voice . " Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic and Headmistress and High Inquisitor of Hogwarts ! " " you be from the Ministry of Magic ? " say Magorian , as many of the centaur in the surrounding circle shift restlessly . " that be right ! " say Umbridge in an even high voice . " so be very careful ! by the law lay down by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures , any attack by half-breed such as yourselves on a human -- " " what do you call us ? " shout a wild-looking black centaur , whom Harry recognize as Bane . there be a great deal of angry mutter and tighten of bowstring around them . " do n't call them that ! " Hermione say furiously , but Umbridge do not appear to have hear her . still point her shake wand at Magorian , she continue , " Law Fifteen B state clearly that ' any attack by a magical creature who be deem to have near-human intelligence , and therefore consider responsible for its action - ' " " ' Near-human intelligence ' ? " repeat Magorian , as Bane and several other roar with rage and paw the ground . " we consider that a great insult , human ! our intelligence , thankfully , far outstrip your own -- " " what be you do in our forest ? " bellow the hard-faced gray centaur whom Harry and Hermione have see on their last trip into the forest . " why be you here ? " " your forest ? " say Umbridge , shake now not only with fright but also , it seem , with indignation . " I would remind you that you live here only because the Ministry of Magic permit you certain area of land -- " an arrow fly so close to her head that it catch at her mousy hair in pass . she let out an earsplitting scream and throw her hand over her head while some of the centaur bellow their approval and other laugh raucously . the sound of their wild , neigh laughter echo around the dimly light clearing and the sight of their paw hoof be extremely unnerving . " whose forest be it now , human ? " bellow Bane . " filthy half-breed ! " she scream , her hand still tight over her head . " beast ! uncontrolled animal ! " " be quiet ! " shout Hermione , but it be too late -- Umbridge point her wand at Magorian and scream , " Incarcerous ! " rope fly out of midair like thick snake , wrap themselves tightly around the centaur 's torso and trap his arm . he give a cry of rage and rear onto his hind leg , attempt to free himself , while the other centaur charge . Harry grab Hermione and pull her to the ground . Facedown on the forest floor he know a moment of terror as hoof thunder around him , but the centaur leap over and around them , bellow and scream with rage . " Nooooo ! " he hear Umbridge shriek . " Noooooo ... I be Senior Undersecretary ... you can ... unhand me , you animal ... nooooo ! " he see a flash of red light and know that she have attempt to Stun one of them -- then she scream very loudly . lift his head a few inch , Harry see that Umbridge have be seize from behind by Bane and lift high into the air , wriggle and yell with fright . her wand fall from her hand to the ground and Harry 's heart leap , if he could just reach it - but as he stretch out a hand toward it , a centaur 's hoof descend upon the wand and it break cleanly in half . " now ! " roar a voice in Harry 's ear and a thick hairy arm descend from thin air and drag him upright ; Hermione too have be pull to her foot . over the plunging , many-colored back and head of the centaur Harry see Umbridge be bear away through the tree by Bane , still scream nonstop ; her voice grow faint and faint until they could no longer hear it over the trample of hoof surround them . " and these ? " say the hard-faced , gray centaur hold Hermione . " they be young , " say a slow , doleful voice from behind Harry . " we do not attack foal . " " they bring her here , Ronan , " reply the centaur who have such a firm grip on Harry . " and they be not so young . ... he be near manhood , this one . ... " he shake Harry by the neck of his robe . " please , " say Hermione breathlessly , " please , do n't attack us , we do n't think like her , we be n't Ministry of Magic employee ! we only come in here because we hope you will drive her off for us -- " Harry know at once from the look on the face of the gray centaur holding Hermione that she have make a terrible mistake in say this . the gray centaur throw back his head , his back leg stamp furiously , and bellow , " you see , Ronan ? they already have the arrogance of their kind ! so we be to do your dirty work , be we , human girl ? we be to act as your servant , drive away your enemy like obedient hound ? " " no ! " say Hermione in a horrorstruck squeak . " please -- I do n't mean that ! I just hope you will be able to -- to help us -- " but she seem to be go from bad to bad . " we do not help human ! " snarl the centaur hold Harry , tighten his grip and rear a little at the same time , so that Harry 's foot leave the ground momentarily . " we be a race apart and proud to be so . ... we will not permit you to walk from here , boast that we do your bidding ! " " we be not go to say anything like that ! " Harry shout . " we know you do n't do anything because we want you to -- " but nobody seem to be listen to him . a bearded centaur toward the back of the crowd shout , " they come here unasked , they must pay the consequence ! " a roar of approval meet these word and a dun-colored centaur shout , " they can join the woman ! " " you say you do n't hurt the innocent ! " shout Hermione , real tear slide down her face now . " we have n't do anything to hurt you , we have n't use wand or threat , we just want to go back to school , please let us go back -- " " we be not all like the traitor Firenze , human girl ! " shout the gray centaur , to more neigh roar of approval from his fellow . " perhaps you think us pretty talk horse ? we be an ancient people who will not stand wizard invasion and insult ! we do not recognize your law , we do not acknowledge your superiority , we be -- " but they do not hear what else centaur be , for at that moment there come a crash noise on the edge of the clearing so loud that all of them -- Harry , Hermione , and the fifty or so centaur fill the clearing -- look around . Harry 's centaur let him fall to the ground again as his hand fly to his bow and quiver of arrow ; Hermione have be drop too , and Harry hurry toward her as two thick tree trunk part ominously and the monstrous form of Grawp the giant appear in the gap . the centaur nearest him back into those behind . the clearing be now a forest of bow and arrow wait to be fire , all point upward at the enormous grayish face now loom over them from just beneath the thick canopy of branch . Grawp 's lopsided mouth be gape stupidly . they could see his bricklike yellow tooth glimmer in the half-light , his dull sludge-colored eye narrow as he squint down at the creature at his foot . break rope trail from both ankle . he open his mouth even wide . " Hagger . " Harry do not know what " hagger " mean , or what language it be from , nor do he much care -- he be watch Grawp 's foot , which be almost as long as Harry 's whole body . Hermione grip his arm tightly ; the centaur be quite silent , stare up at the giant , whose huge , round head move from side to side as he continue to peer amongst them as though look for something he have drop . " Hagger ! " he say again , more insistently . " get away from here , giant ! " call Magorian . " you be not welcome among us ! " these word seem to make no impression whatsoever on Grawp . he stoop a little ( the centaur ' arm tense on their bow ) and then bellow , " Hagger ! " a few of the centaur look worry now . Hermione , however , give a gasp . " Harry ! " she whisper . " I think he be try to say ' Hagrid ' ! " at this precise moment Grawp catch sight of them , the only two human in a sea of centaur . he lower his head another foot or so , stare intently at them . Harry could feel Hermione shake as Grawp open his mouth wide again and say , in a deep , rumble voice , " Hermy . " " goodness , " say Hermione , grip Harry 's arm so tightly it be grow numb and look as though she be about to faint , " he -- he remember ! " " Hermy ! " roar Grawp . " where Hagger ? " " I do n't know ! " squeal Hermione , terrify . " I be sorry , Grawp , I do n't know ! " " GRAWP Want Hagger ! " one of the giant 's massive hand swoop down upon them -- Hermione let out a real scream , run a few step backward and fall over . Wandless , Harry brace himself to punch , kick , bite , or whatever else it take as the hand fly toward him and knock a snow-white centaur off his leg . it be what the centaur have be wait for -- Grawp 's outstretch finger be a foot from Harry when fifty arrow go soar through the air at the giant , pepper his enormous face , cause him to howl with pain and rage and straighten up again , rub his face with his enormous hand , break off the arrow shaft but force the head in still deep . he yell and stamp his enormous foot and the centaur scatter out of the way . Pebble-sized droplet of Grawp 's blood shower Harry as he pull Hermione to her foot and the pair of them run as fast as they could for the shelter of the tree . once there they look back -- Grawp be snatch blindly at the centaur as blood run all down his face ; they be retreat in disorder , gallop away through the tree on the other side of the clearing . as Harry and Hermione watch , Grawp give another roar of fury and plunge after them , smash more tree aside as he go . " oh no , " say Hermione , quak so badly that her knee give way . " oh , that be horrible . and he might kill them all . ... " " I be not that fuss , to be honest , " say Harry bitterly . the sound of the galloping centaur and the blunder giant be grow faint and faint . as Harry listen to them his scar give another great throb and a wave of terror sweep over him . they have waste so much time -- they be even further from rescue Sirius than they have be when he have have the vision . not only have Harry manage to lose his wand but they be stick in the middle of the Forbidden Forest with no means of transport whatsoever . " smart plan , " he spit at Hermione , keen to release some of his fury . " really smart plan . where do we go from here ? " " we need to get back up to the castle , " say Hermione faintly . " by the time we have do that , Sirius will probably be dead ! " say Harry , kick a nearby tree in temper ; there be a high-pitched chatter overhead and he look up to see an angry bowtruckle flex its long twiglike finger at him . " well , we ca n't do anything without wand , " say Hermione hopelessly , drag herself up again . " anyway , Harry , how exactly be you plan to get all the way to London ? " " yeah , we be just wonder that , " say a familiar voice from behind her . Harry and Hermione move instinctively together , peer through the tree , as Ron come into sight , with Ginny , Neville , and Luna hurry along behind him . all of them look a little the worse for wear -- there be several long scratch run the length of Ginny 's cheek , a large purple lump be swell above Neville 's right eye , Ron 's lip be bleed bad than ever -- but all be look rather pleased with themselves . " so , " say Ron , push aside a low-hanging branch and holding out Harry 's wand , " have any idea ? " " how do you get away ? " ask Harry in amazement , take his wand from Ron . " couple of Stunners , a Disarming Charm , Neville bring off a really nice little Impediment Jinx , " say Ron airily , now hand back Hermione 's wand too . " but Ginny be well , she get Malfoy -- Bat-Bogey Hex -- it be superb , his whole face be cover in the great flap thing . anyway , we see you head into the forest out of the window and follow . what have you do with Umbridge ? " " she get carry away , " say Harry . " by a herd of centaur . " " and they leave you behind ? " ask Ginny , look astonish . " no , they get chase off by Grawp , " say Harry . " who be Grawp ? " Luna ask interestedly . " Hagrid 's little brother , " say Ron promptly . " anyway , never mind that now . Harry , what do you find out in the fire ? have You-Know-Who get Sirius or -- ? " " yes , " say Harry , as his scar give another painful prickle , " and I be sure Sirius be still alive , but I ca n't see how we be go to get there to help him . " they all fall silent , look rather scare . the problem face them seem insurmountable . " well , we will have to fly , wo n't we ? " say Luna in the close thing to a matter-of-fact voice Harry have ever hear her use . " okay , " say Harry irritably , round on her , " first of all , ' we ' be n't do anything if you be include yourself in that , and second of all , Ron be the only one with a broomstick that be n't be guard by a security troll , so -- " " I have get a broom ! " say Ginny . " yeah , but you be not come , " say Ron angrily . " excuse me , but I care what happen to Sirius as much as you do ! " say Ginny , her jaw set so that her resemblance to Fred and George be suddenly striking . " you be too -- " Harry begin . " I be three year old than you be when you fight You-Know-Who over the Sorcerer 's Stone , " she say fiercely , " and it be because of me Malfoy 's stuck back in Umbridge 's office with giant fly bogey attack him -- " " Yeah , but -- " " we be all in the D.A. together , " say Neville quietly . " it be all suppose to be about fight You-Know-Who , be n't it ? and this be the first chance we have have to do something real -- or be that all just a game or something ? " " no -- of course it be n't -- " say Harry impatiently . " then we should come too , " say Neville simply . " we want to help . " " that be right , " say Luna , smile happily . Harry 's eye meet Ron 's . he know that Ron be think exactly what he be : if he could have choose any member of the D.A. in addition to himself , Ron , and Hermione to join him in the attempt to rescue Sirius , he would not have pick Ginny , Neville , or Luna . " well , it do n't matter anyway , " say Harry frustratedly , " because we still do n't know how to get there -- " " I think we have settle that ? " say Luna maddeningly . " we be fly ! " " look , " say Ron , barely contain his anger , " you might be able to fly without a broomstick but the rest of us ca n't sprout wing whenever we -- " " there be other way of fly than with broomstick , " say Luna serenely . " I s'pose we be go to ride on the back of the Kacky Snorgle or whatever it be ? " Ron demand . " the Crumple-Horned Snorkack ca n't fly , " say Luna in a dignified voice , " but they can , and Hagrid say they be very good at finding place their rider be look for . " Harry whirl around . stand between two tree , their white eye gleam eerily , be two thestrals , watch the whisper conversation as though they understand every word . " yes ! " he whisper , move toward them . they toss their reptilian head , throw back long black mane , and Harry stretch out his hand eagerly and pat the near one be shine neck . how could he ever have think them ugly ? " be it those mad horse thing ? " say Ron uncertainly , stare at a point slightly to the left of the thestral Harry be pat . " those one you ca n't see unless you have watch someone snuff it ? " " yeah , " say Harry . " how many ? " " just two . " " well , we need three , " say Hermione , who be still look a little shake , but determine just the same . " Four , Hermione , " say Ginny , scowl . " I think there be six of us , actually , " say Luna calmly , count . " do n't be stupid , we ca n't all go ! " say Harry angrily . " look , you three " -- he point at Neville , Ginny , and Luna -- " you be not involve in this , you be not -- " they burst into more protest . his scar give another , more painful , twinge . every moment they delay be precious ; he do not have time to argue . " okay , fine , it be your choice , " he say curtly . " but unless we can find more thestrals you be not go to be able -- " " oh , more of them will come , " say Ginny confidently , who like Ron be squint in quite the wrong direction , apparently under the impression that she be look at the horse . " what make you think that ? " " because in case you have n't notice , you and Hermione be both cover in blood , " she say coolly , " and we know Hagrid lure thestrals with raw meat , so that be probably why these two turn up in the first place . ... " Harry feel a soft tug on his robe at that moment and look down to see the close thestral lick his sleeve , which be damp with Grawp 's blood . " okay , then , " he say , a bright idea occur . " Ron and I will take these two and go ahead , and Hermione can stay here with you three and she will attract more thestrals -- " " I be not stay behind ! " say Hermione furiously . " there be no need , " say Luna , smile . " look , here come more now . ... You two must really smell . ... " Harry turn . no few than six or seven thestrals be pick their way through the tree now , their great leathery wing fold tight to their body , their eye gleam through the darkness . he have no excuse now . ... " all right , " he say angrily , " pick one and get on , then . " the Department of Mysteries Harry wind his hand tightly into the mane of the near thestral , place a foot on a stump nearby , and scramble clumsily onto the horse 's silken back . it do not object , but twist its head around , fang bare , and attempt to continue its eager licking of his robe . he find there be a way of lodge his knee behind the wing joint that make him feel more secure and look around at the other . Neville have heave himself over the back of the next thestral and be now attempt to swing one short leg over the creature 's back . Luna be already in place , sit sidesaddle and adjust her robe as though she do this every day . Ron , Hermione , and Ginny , however , be still stand motionless on the spot , openmouthed and stare . " what ? " he say . " how be we suppose to get on ? " say Ron faintly . " when we ca n't see the thing ? " " oh it be easy , " say Luna , slide obligingly from her thestral and march over to him , Hermione , and Ginny . " come here . ... " she pull them over to the other thestrals stand around and one by one manage to help them onto the back of their mount . all three look extremely nervous as she wind their hand into the horse ' mane and tell them to grip tightly before get back onto her own steed . " this be mad , " Ron say faintly , move his free hand gingerly up and down his horse 's neck . " mad ... if I could just see it -- " " you will well hope it stay invisible , " say Harry darkly . " we all ready , then ? " they all nod and he see five pair of knee tighten beneath their robe . " okay ... " he look down at the back of his thestral 's glossy black head and swallow . " Ministry of Magic , visitor ' entrance , London , then , " he say uncertainly . " er ... if you know ... where to go ... " for a moment his thestral do nothing at all . then , with a sweeping movement that nearly unseat him , the wing on either side extend , the horse crouch slowly and then rocket upward so fast and so steeply that Harry have to clench his arm and leg tightly around the horse to avoid slide backward over its bony rump . he close his eye and put his face down into the horse 's silky mane as they burst through the topmost branch of the tree and soar out into a bloodred sunset . Harry do not think he have ever move so fast : the thestral streak over the castle , its wide wing hardly beat . the cool air be slap Harry 's face ; eye screw up against the rush wind , he look around and see his five fellow soar along behind him , each of them bend as low as possible into the neck of their thestral to protect themselves from its slipstream . they be over the Hogwarts ground , they have pass Hogsmeade . Harry could see mountain and gully below them . in the fall darkness Harry see small collection of light as they pass over more village , then a wind road on which a single car be beetle its way home through the hill . ... " this be bizarre ! " Harry hear Ron yell from somewhere behind him , and he imagine how it must feel to be speed along at this height with no visible means of support . ... Twilight fall : the sky turn to a light , dusky purple litter with tiny silver star , and soon it be only the light of Muggle town that give them any clue of how far from the ground they be or how very fast they be travel . Harry 's arm be wrap tightly around his horse 's neck as he will it to go even faster . how much time have elapse since he have see Sirius lie on the Department of Mysteries floor ? how much longer would he be able to resist Voldemort ? all Harry know for sure be that Sirius have neither do as Voldemort want , nor die , for he be convince that either outcome would cause him to feel Voldemort 's jubilation or fury course through his own body , make his scar sear as painfully as it have on the night Mr. Weasley be attack . ... on they fly through the gathering darkness ; Harry 's face feel stiff and cold , his leg numb from grip the thestral 's side so tightly , but he do not dare shift position lest he slip . ... he be deaf from the thundering in his ear and his mouth be dry and freeze from the rush of cold night air . he have lose all sense of how far they have come ; all his faith be in the beast below him , still streak purposefully through the night , barely flap its wing as it speed ever onward . ... if they be too late ... he be still alive , he be still fight , I can feel it . ... if Voldemort decide Sirius be not go to crack ... I will know . ... Harry 's stomach give a jolt . the thestral 's head be suddenly point toward the ground and he have actually slide forward a few inch along its neck . they be descend at last . ... he hear one of the girl shriek behind him and twist around dangerously but could see no sign of a fall body . ... presumably they have receive a shock from the change of position , just as he have . ... and now bright orange light be grow large and round on all side . they could see the top of building , stream of headlight like luminous insect eye , square of pale yellow that be window . quite suddenly , it seem , they be hurtle toward the pavement . Harry grip the thestral with every last ounce of his strength , brace for a sudden impact , but the horse touch the dark ground as lightly as a shadow and Harry slide from his back , look around at the street where the overflow dumpster still stand a short way from the vandalize telephone box , both drain of color in the flat orange glare of the streetlight . Ron land a short way away and topple immediately off his thestral onto the pavement . " never again , " he say , struggle to his foot . he make as though to stride away from his thestral , but , unable to see it , collide with its hindquarters and almost fall over again . " never , ever again ... that be the bad -- " Hermione and Ginny touch down on either side of him . both slide off their mount a little more gracefully than Ron , though with similar expression of relief at be back on firm ground . Neville jump down , shake , but Luna dismount smoothly . " where do we go from here , then ? " she ask Harry in a politely interested voice , as though this be all a rather interesting day-trip . " over here , " he say . he give his thestral a quick , grateful pat , then lead the way quickly to the battered telephone box and open the door . " come on ! " he urge the other as they hesitate . Ron and Ginny march in obediently ; Hermione , Neville , and Luna squash themselves in after them ; Harry take one glance back at the thestrals , now forage for scrap of rotten food inside the dumpster , then force himself into the box after Luna . " whoever be nearest the receiver , dial six two four four two ! " he say . Ron do it , his arm bend bizarrely to reach the dial . as it whir back into place the cool female voice sound inside the box , " welcome to the Ministry of Magic . please state your name and business . " " Harry Potter , Ron Weasley , Hermione Granger , " Harry say very quickly , " Ginny Weasley , Neville Longbottom , Luna Lovegood ... we be here to save someone , unless your Ministry can do it first ! " " thank you , " say the cool female voice . " visitor , please take the badge and attach them to the front of your robe . " half a dozen badge slide out of the metal chute where return coin usually appear . Hermione scoop them up and hand them mutely to Harry over Ginny 's head ; he glance at the topmost one . " visitor to the Ministry , you be require to submit to a search and present your wand for registration at the security desk , which be locate at the far end of the atrium . " " fine ! " Harry say loudly , as his scar give another throb . " now can we move ? " the floor of the telephone box shudder and the pavement rise up past the glass window of the telephone box . the scavenge thestrals be slide out of sight , blackness close over their head , and with a dull grind noise they sink down into the depth of the Ministry of Magic . a chink of soft golden light hit their foot and , widening , rise up their body . Harry bend his knee and hold his wand as ready as he could in such cramped condition , peer through the glass to see whether anybody be wait for them in the atrium , but it seem to be completely empty . the light be dim than it have be by day . there be no fire burn under the mantelpiece set into the wall , but he see as the lift slide smoothly to a halt that golden symbol continue to twist sinuously in the dark blue ceiling . " the Ministry of Magic wish you a pleasant evening , " say the woman 's voice . the door of the telephone box burst open ; Harry topple out of it , follow by Neville and Luna . the only sound in the atrium be the steady rush of water from the golden fountain , where jet from the wand of the witch and wizard , the point of the centaur 's arrow , the tip of the goblin 's hat , and the house-elf 's ear continue to gush into the surrounding pool . " come on , " say Harry quietly and the six of them sprint off down the hall , Harry in the lead , past the fountain , toward the desk where the security man who have weigh Harry 's wand have sit and which be now desert . Harry feel sure that there ought to be a security person there , sure that their absence be an ominous sign , and his feeling of foreboding increase as they pass through the golden gate to the lift . he press the near down button and a lift clatter into sight almost immediately , the golden grille slide apart with a great , echo clank , and they dash inside . Harry stab the number nine button , the grille close with a bang , and the lift begin to descend , jangle and rattle . Harry have not realize how noisy the lift be on the day that he have come with Mr. Weasley -- he be sure that the din would raise every security person within the building , yet when the lift halt , the cool female voice say , " Department of Mysteries , " and the grille slide open again , they step out into the corridor where nothing be move but the near torch , flicker in the rush of air from the lift . Harry turn toward the plain black door . after month and month of dream about it , he be here at last . ... " let be go , " he whisper , and he lead the way down the corridor , Luna right behind him , gaze around with her mouth slightly open . " okay , listen , " say Harry , stop again within six foot of the door . " maybe ... maybe a couple of people should stay here as a -- as a lookout , and -- " " and how be we go to let you know something be come ? " ask Ginny , her eyebrow raise . " you could be mile away . " " we be come with you , Harry , " say Neville . " let be get on with it , " say Ron firmly . Harry still do not want to take them all with him , but it seem he have no choice . he turn to face the door and walk forward . just as it have in his dream , it swing open and he march forward , lead the other over the threshold . they be stand in a large , circular room . everything in here be black include the floor and ceiling -- identical , unmarked , handle-less black door be set at interval all around the black wall , intersperse with branch of candle whose flame burn blue , their cool , shimmer light reflect in the shine marble floor so that it look as though there be dark water underfoot . " someone shut the door , " Harry mutter . he regret give this order the moment Neville have obey it . without the long chink of light from the torch-lit corridor behind them , the place become so dark that for a moment the only thing they could see be the bunch of shiver blue flame on the wall and their ghostly reflection in the floor below . in his dream , Harry have always walk purposefully across this room to the door immediately opposite the entrance and walk on . but there be around a dozen door here . just as he be gaze ahead at the door opposite him , try to decide which be the right one , there be a great rumble noise and the candle begin to move sideways . the circular wall be rotate . Hermione grab Harry 's arm as though frighten the floor might move too , but it do not . for a few second the blue flame around them be blur to resemble neon line as the wall speed around and then , quite as suddenly as it have start , the rumble stopped and everything become stationary once again . Harry 's eye have blue streak burn into them ; it be all he could see . " what be that about ? " whisper Ron fearfully . " I think it be to stop us know which door we come in from , " say Ginny in a hush voice . Harry realize at once that she be right : he could no sooner have pick the exit from the other door than locate an ant upon the jet-black floor . meanwhile , the door through which they need to proceed could be any of the dozen surround them . " how be we go to get back out ? " say Neville uncomfortably . " well , that do n't matter now , " say Harry forcefully , blink to try and erase the blue line from his vision , and clutch his wand tighter than ever . " we wo n't need to get out till we have find Sirius -- " " do n't go call for him , though ! " Hermione say urgently , but Harry have never need her advice less ; his instinct be to keep as quiet as possible for the time be . " where do we go , then , Harry ? " Ron ask . " I do n't -- " Harry begin . he swallow . " in the dream I go through the door at the end of the corridor from the lift into a dark room -- that be this one -- and then I go through another door into a room that kind of ... glitter . we should try a few door , " he say hastily . " I will know the right way when I see it . C'mon . " he march straight at the door now face him , the other follow close behind him , set his leave hand against its cool , shine surface , raise his wand , ready to strike the moment it open , and push . it swing open easily . after the darkness of the first room , the lamp hang low on golden chain from this ceiling give the impression that this long rectangular room be much bright , though there be no glitter , shimmer light such as Harry have see in his dream . the place be quite empty except for a few desk and , in the very middle of the room , an enormous glass tank of deep-green water , big enough for all of them to swim in , which contain a number of pearly white object that be drift around lazily in the liquid . " what be those thing ? " whisper Ron . " dunno , " say Harry . " be they fish ? " breathe Ginny . " Aquavirius maggot ! " say Luna excitedly . " Dad say the Ministry be breed -- " " no , " say Hermione . she sound odd . she move forward to look through the side of the tank . " they be brain . " " brain ? " " yes ... I wonder what they be do with them ? " Harry join her at the tank . sure enough , there could be no mistake now that he see them at close quarter . glimmer eerily they drift in and out of sight in the depth of the green water , look something like slimy cauliflower . " let be get out of here , " say Harry . " this be n't right , we need to try another door -- " " there be door here too , " say Ron , point around the wall . Harry 's heart sink ; how big be this place ? " in my dream I go through that dark room into the second one , " he say . " I think we should go back and try from there . " so they hurry back into the dark , circular room ; the ghostly shape of the brain be now swim before Harry 's eye instead of the blue candle flame . " wait ! " say Hermione sharply , as Luna make to close the door of the brain room behind them . " Flagrate ! " she draw with her wand in midair and a fiery X appear on the door . no sooner have the door click shut behind them than there be a great rumble , and once again the wall begin to revolve very fast , but now there be a great red-gold blur in amongst the faint blue , and when all become still again , the fiery cross still burn , show the door they have already try . " good thinking , " say Harry . " okay , let be try this one -- " again he stride directly at the door face him and push it open , his wand still raise , the other at his heel . this room be large than the last , dimly light and rectangular , and the center of it be sink , form a great stone pit some twenty foot below them . they be stand on the topmost tier of what seem to be stone bench run all around the room and descend in steep step like an amphitheater , or the courtroom in which Harry have be try by the Wizengamot . instead of a chain chair , however , there be a raise stone dais in the center of the lower floor , and upon this dais stand a stone archway that look so ancient , cracked , and crumble that Harry be amaze the thing be still stand . unsupported by any surrounding wall , the archway be hang with a tatter black curtain or veil which , despite the complete stillness of the cold surrounding air , be flutter very slightly as though it have just be touch . " who be there ? " say Harry , jump down onto the bench below . there be no answering voice , but the veil continue to flutter and sway . " careful ! " whisper Hermione . Harry scramble down the bench one by one until he reach the stone bottom of the sunken pit . his footstep echo loudly as he walk slowly toward the dais . the pointed archway look much tall from where he stand now than when he have be look down on it from above . still the veil sway gently , as though somebody have just pass through it . " Sirius ? " Harry speak again , but much more quietly now that he be near . he have the strange feeling that there be someone standing right behind the veil on the other side of the archway . grip his wand very tightly , he edge around the dais , but there be nobody there . all that could be see be the other side of the tatter black veil . " let be go , " call Hermione from halfway up the stone step . " this be n't right , Harry , come on , let be go . ... " she sound scare , much more scared than she have in the room where the brain swim , yet Harry think the archway have a kind of beauty about it , old though it be . the gently ripple veil intrigue him ; he feel a very strong inclination to climb up on the dais and walk through it . " Harry , let 's go , okay ? " say Hermione more forcefully . " okay , " he say , but he do not move . he have just hear something . there be faint whispering , murmur noise come from the other side of the veil . " what be you say ? " he say very loudly , so that the word echo all around the surround stone bench . " nobody be talk , Harry ! " say Hermione , now move over to him . " someone be whisper behind there , " he say , move out of her reach and continue to frown at the veil . " be that you , Ron ? " " I be here , mate , " say Ron , appear around the side of the archway . " can n't anyone else hear it ? " Harry demand , for the whisper and murmur be become louder ; without really mean to put it there , he find his foot be on the dais . " I can hear them too , " breathe Luna , join them around the side of the archway and gaze at the sway veil . " there be people in there ! " " what do you mean , ' in there ' ? " demand Hermione , jump down from the bottom step and sound much angry than the occasion warrant . " there be n't any ' in there , ' it be just an archway , there be no room for anybody to be there -- Harry , stop it , come away -- " she grab his arm and pull , but he resist . " Harry , we be suppose to be here for Sirius ! " she say in a high-pitched , strained voice . " Sirius , " Harry repeat , still gaze , mesmerize , at the continuously sway veil . " yeah ... " and then something slide back into place in his brain : Sirius , capture , bind , and torture , and he be stare at this archway . ... he take several pace back from the dais and wrench his eye from the veil . " let be go , " he say . " that be what I have be try to -- well , come on , then ! " say Hermione , and she lead the way back around the dais . on the other side , Ginny and Neville be stare , apparently entrance , at the veil too . without speaking , Hermione take hold of Ginny 's arm , Ron Neville 's , and they march them firmly back to the low stone bench and clamber all the way back up to the door . " what d'you reckon that arch be ? " Harry ask Hermione as they regain the dark circular room . " I do n't know , but whatever it be , it be dangerous , " she say firmly , again inscribe a fiery cross upon the door . once more the wall spin and become still again . Harry approach a door at random and push . it do not move . " what be wrong ? " say Hermione . " it be ... lock ... " say Harry , throw his weight at the door , but it do not budge . " this be it , then , be n't it ? " say Ron excitedly , join Harry in the attempt to force the door open . " bind to be ! " " get out of the way ! " say Hermione sharply . she point her wand at the place where a lock would have be on an ordinary door and say , " Alohomora ! " nothing happen . " Sirius 's knife ! " say Harry , and he pull it out from inside his robe and slide it into the crack between the door and the wall . the other all watch eagerly as he run it from top to bottom , withdraw it , and then fling his shoulder again at the door . it remain as firmly shut as ever . what be more , when Harry look down at the knife , he see that the blade have melt . " right , we be leave that room , " say Hermione decisively . " but what if that be the one ? " say Ron , stare at it with a mixture of apprehension and longing . " it ca n't be , Harry could get through all the door in his dream , " say Hermione , mark the door with another fiery cross as Harry replace the now-useless handle of Sirius 's knife in his pocket . " you know what could be in there ? " say Luna eagerly , as the wall start to spin yet again . " something blibbering , no doubt , " say Hermione under her breath , and Neville give a nervous little laugh . the wall slide back to a halt and Harry , with a feeling of increase desperation , push the next door open . " this be it ! " he know it at once by the beautiful , dancing , diamond-sparkling light . as Harry 's eye become more accustom to the brilliant glare he see clock gleam from every surface , large and small , grandfather and carriage , hang in space between the bookcase or stand on desk range the length of the room , so that a busy , relentless ticking fill the place like thousand of minuscule , march footstep . the source of the dancing , diamond-bright light be a towering crystal bell jar that stand at the far end of the room . " this way ! " Harry 's heart be pump frantically now that he know they be on the right track . he lead the way forward down the narrow space between the line of the desk , head , as he have do in his dream , for the source of the light , the crystal bell jar quite as tall as he be that stand on a desk and appear to be full of a billow , glitter wind . " oh look ! " say Ginny , as they draw near , point at the very heart of the bell jar . drift along in the sparkling current inside be a tiny , jewel-bright egg . as it rise in the jar it crack open and a hummingbird emerge , which be carry to the very top of the jar , but as it fall on the draft , its feather become bedraggle and damp again , and by the time it have be bear back to the bottom of the jar it have be enclose once more in its egg . " keep go ! " say Harry sharply , because Ginny show sign of want to stop and watch the egg 's progress back into a bird . " you dawdle enough by that old arch ! " she say crossly , but follow him past the bell jar to the only door behind it . " this be it , " Harry say again , and his heart be now pump so hard and fast he feel it must interfere with his speech . " it be through here -- " he glance around at them all . they have their wand out and look suddenly serious and anxious . he look back at the door and push . it swing open . they be there , they have find the place : high as a church and full of nothing but towering shelf cover in small , dusty , glass orb . they glimmer dully in the light issue from more candle bracket set at interval along the shelf . like those in the circular room behind them , their flame be burn blue . the room be very cold . Harry edge forward and peer down one of the shadowy aisle between two row of shelf . he could not hear anything nor see the slight sign of movement . " you say it be row ninety-seven , " whisper Hermione . " yeah , " breathe Harry , look up at the end of the close row . beneath the branch of blue-glowing candle protrude from it glimmer the silver figure @card@ . " we need to go right , I think , " whisper Hermione , squint to the next row . " yes ... that be fifty-four . ... " " keep your wand out , " Harry say softly . they creep forward , stare behind them as they go on down the long alley of shelf , the farther end of which be in near total darkness . tiny , yellow label have be stick beneath each glass orb on the shelf . some of them have a weird , liquid glow ; other be as dull and dark within as blow lightbulb . they pass row eighty-four ... eighty-five ... Harry be listen hard for the slight sound of movement , but Sirius might be gag now , or else unconscious ... or , say an unbidden voice inside his head , he might already be dead . ... I will have feel it , he tell himself , his heart now hammer against his Adam 's apple . I will already know . ... " Ninety-seven ! " whisper Hermione . they stand group around the end of the row , gaze down the alley beside it . there be nobody there . " he be right down at the end , " say Harry , whose mouth have become slightly dry . " you ca n't see properly from here . ... " and he lead them forward , between the towering row of glass ball , some of which glow softly as they pass . ... " he should be near here , " whisper Harry , convince that every step be go to bring the ragged form of Sirius into view upon the darken floor . " anywhere here ... really close ... " " Harry ? " say Hermione tentatively , but he do not want to respond . his mouth be very dry now . " somewhere about ... here ... " he say . they have reach the end of the row and emerge into more dim candlelight . there be nobody there at all . all be echo , dusty silence . " he might be ... " Harry whisper hoarsely , peer down the alley next door . " or maybe ... " he hurry to look down the one beyond that . " Harry ? " say Hermione again . " what ? " he snarl . " I ... I do n't think Sirius be here . " nobody speak . Harry do not want to look at any of them . he feel sick . he do not understand why Sirius be not here . he have to be here . this be where he , Harry , have see him . ... he run up the space at the end of the row , stare down them . empty aisle after empty aisle flicker past . he run the other way , back past his stare companion . there be no sign of Sirius anywhere , nor any hint of a struggle . " Harry ? " Ron call . " what ? " he do not want to hear what Ron have to say , do not want to hear Ron tell him he have be stupid , or suggest that they ought to go back to Hogwarts . but the heat be rise in his face and he feel as though he would like to skulk down here in the darkness for a long while before face the brightness of the atrium above and the other ' accuse stare . ... " have you see this ? " say Ron . " what ? " say Harry , but eagerly this time -- it have to be a sign that Sirius have be there , a clue -- he stride back to where they be all standing , a little way down row ninety-seven , but find nothing except Ron stare at one of the dusty glass sphere on the shelf . " what ? " Harry repeat glumly . " it be -- it have get your name on , " say Ron . Harry move a little close . Ron be point at one of the small glass sphere that glow with a dull inner light , though it be very dusty and appear not to have be touch for many year . " my name ? " say Harry blankly . he step forward . not as tall as Ron , he have to crane his neck to read the yellowish label affix to the shelf right beneath the dusty glass ball . in spidery writing be write a date of some sixteen year previously , and below that : Harry stare at it . " what be it ? " Ron ask , sound unnerved . " what be your name do down here ? " he glance along at the other label on that stretch of shelf . " I be not here , " he say , sound perplex . " none of the rest of us be here . ... " " Harry , I do n't think you should touch it , " say Hermione sharply , as he stretch out his hand . " why not ? " he say . " it be something to do with me , be n't it ? " " do n't , Harry , " say Neville suddenly . Harry look around at him . Neville 's round face be shine slightly with sweat . he look as though he could not take much more suspense . " it have get my name on , " say Harry . and feel slightly reckless , he close his finger around the dusty ball 's surface . he have expect it to feel cold , but it do not . on the contrary , it feel as though it have be lie in the sun for hour , as though the glow of light within be warm it . expect , even hope , that something dramatic be go to happen , something exciting that might make their long and dangerous journey worthwhile after all , he lift the glass ball down from its shelf and stare at it . nothing whatsoever happen . the other move in close around Harry , gaze at the orb as he brush it free of the clog dust . and then , from right behind them , a drawl voice say , " Very good , Potter . now turn around , nice and slowly , and give that to me . " beyond the Veil Black shape be emerge out of thin air all around them , block their way left and right ; eye glint through slit in hood , a dozen light wand tip be point directly at their heart . Ginny give a gasp of horror . " to me , Potter , " repeat the drawl voice of Lucius Malfoy as he hold out his hand , palm up . Harry 's inside plummet sickeningly . they be trap and outnumber two to one . " to me , " say Malfoy yet again . " where be Sirius ? " Harry say . several of the Death Eaters laugh . a harsh female voice from the midst of the shadowy figure to Harry 's left say triumphantly , " the Dark Lord always know ! " " always , " echo Malfoy softly . " now , give me the prophecy , Potter . " " I want to know where Sirius be ! " " I want to know where Sirius be ! " mimick the woman to his left . she and her fellow Death Eaters have close in so that they be mere foot away from Harry and the other , the light from their wand dazzle Harry 's eye . " you have get him , " say Harry , ignore the rise panic in his chest , the dread he have be fight since they have first enter the ninety-seventh row . " he be here . I know he be . " " the little baby wake up fwightened and fort what it dweamed be twoo , " say the woman in a horrible , mock-baby voice . Harry feel Ron stir beside him . " do n't do anything , " he mutter . " not yet -- " the woman who have mimic him let out a raucous scream of laughter . " you hear him ? you hear him ? give instruction to the other child as though he think of fight us ! " " oh , you do n't know Potter as I do , Bellatrix , " say Malfoy softly . " he have a great weakness for heroics ; the Dark Lord understand this about him . now give me the prophecy , Potter . " " I know Sirius be here , " say Harry , though panic be cause his chest to constrict and he feel as though he could not breathe properly . " I know you have get him ! " more of the Death Eaters laugh , though the woman still laugh loud of all . " it be time you learn the difference between life and dream , Potter , " say Malfoy . " now give me the prophecy , or we start use wand . " " go on , then , " say Harry , raise his own wand to chest height . as he do so , the five wand of Ron , Hermione , Neville , Ginny , and Luna rise on either side of him . the knot in Harry 's stomach tighten . if Sirius really be not here , he have lead his friend to their death for no reason at all . ... but the Death Eaters do not strike . " hand over the prophecy and no one need get hurt , " say Malfoy coolly . it be Harry 's turn to laugh . " yeah , right ! " he say . " I give you this -- prophecy , be it ? and you will just let us skip off home , will you ? " the word be hardly out of his mouth when the female Death Eater shriek , " Accio Proph -- " Harry be just ready for her . he shout " Protego ! " before she have finish her spell , and though the glass sphere slip to the tip of his finger he manage to cling on to it . " oh , he know how to play , little bitty baby Potter , " she say , her mad eye stare through the slit in her hood . " very well , then -- " " I TOLD you , No ! " Lucius Malfoy roar at the woman . " if you smash it -- ! " Harry 's mind be race . the Death Eaters want this dusty spun-glass sphere . he have no interest in it . he just want to get them all out of this alive , make sure that none of his friend pay a terrible price for his stupidity ... the woman step forward , away from her fellow , and pull off her hood . Azkaban have hollow Bellatrix Lestrange 's face , make it gaunt and skull-like , but it be alive with a feverish , fanatical glow . " you need more persuasion ? " she say , her chest rise and fall rapidly . " very well -- take the small one , " she order the Death Eaters beside her . " let him watch while we torture the little girl . I will do it . " Harry feel the other close in around Ginny . he step sideways so that he be right in front of her , the prophecy hold up to his chest . " you will have to smash this if you want to attack any of us , " he tell Bellatrix . " I do n't think your boss will be too pleased if you come back without it , will he ? " she do not move ; she merely stare at him , the tip of her tongue moisten her thin mouth . " so , " say Harry , " what kind of prophecy be we talk about anyway ? " he could not think what to do but to keep talk . Neville 's arm be press against his , and he could feel him shake . he could feel one of the other 's quicken breath on the back of his head . he be hope they be all think hard about way to get out of this , because his mind be blank . " what kind of prophecy ? " repeat Bellatrix , the grin fading from her face . " you jest , Harry Potter . " " Nope , not jest , " say Harry , his eye flick from Death Eater to Death Eater , look for a weak link , a space through which they could escape . " how come Voldemort want it ? " several of the Death Eaters let out low hiss . " you dare speak his name ? " whisper Bellatrix . " yeah , " say Harry , maintain his tight grip on the glass ball , expect another attempt to bewitch it from him . " yeah , I have get no problem say Vol -- " " Shut your mouth ! " Bellatrix shriek . " you dare speak his name with your unworthy lip , you dare besmirch it with your half-blood 's tongue , you dare -- " " do you know he be a half-blood too ? " say Harry recklessly . Hermione give a little moan in his ear . " Voldemort ? yeah , his mother be a witch but his dad be a Muggle -- or have he be tell you lot he be pureblood ? " " STUPEF -- " " No ! " a jet of red light have shoot from the end of Bellatrix Lestrange 's wand , but Malfoy have deflect it . his spell cause hers to hit the shelf a foot to the left of Harry and several of the glass orb there shatter . two figure , pearly white as ghost , fluid as smoke , unfurl themselves from the fragment of break glass upon the floor and each begin to speak . their voice vie with each other , so that only fragment of what they be say could be hear over Malfoy and Bellatrix 's shout . " ... at the Solstice will come a new ... " say the figure of an old , bearded man . " do NOT Attack ! we NEED the prophecy ! " " he dare -- he dare -- " shriek Bellatrix incoherently . " - he stand there -- filthy half-blood -- " " Wait Until WE 'VE Got the prophecy ! " bawl Malfoy . " ... and none will come after ... " say the figure of a young woman . the two figure that have burst from the shattered sphere have melt into thin air . nothing remain of them or their erstwhile home but fragment of glass upon the floor . they have , however , give Harry an idea . the problem be go to be convey it to the other . " you have n't tell me what be so special about this prophecy I be suppose to be hand over , " he say , play for time . he move his foot slowly sideways , feel around for someone else be . " do not play game with us , Potter , " say Malfoy . " I be not play game , " say Harry , half his mind on the conversation , half on his wander foot . and then he find someone 's toe and press down upon them . a sharp intake of breath behind him tell him they be Hermione 's . " what ? " she whisper . " Dumbledore never tell you that the reason you bear that scar be hide in the bowel of the Department of Mysteries ? " say Malfoy sneeringly . " I -- what ? " say Harry , and for a moment he quite forget his plan . " what about my scar ? " " what ? " whisper Hermione more urgently behind him . " can this be ? " say Malfoy , sound maliciously delighted ; some of the Death Eaters be laugh again , and under cover of their laughter , Harry hiss to Hermione , move his lip as little as possible , " Smash shelf -- " " Dumbledore never tell you ? " Malfoy repeat . " well , this explain why you do n't come earlier , Potter , the Dark Lord wonder why -- " " - when I say go -- " " - you do n't come running when he show you the place where it be hide in your dream . he think natural curiosity would make you want to hear the exact wording . ... " " do he ? " say Harry . behind him he feel rather than hear Hermione pass his message to the other and he seek to keep talk , to distract the Death Eaters . " so he want me to come and get it , do he ? why ? " " why ? " Malfoy sound incredulously delighted . " because the only people who be permit to retrieve a prophecy from the Department of Mysteries , Potter , be those about whom it be make , as the Dark Lord discover when he attempt to use other to steal it for him . " " and why do he want to steal a prophecy about me ? " " about both of you , Potter , about both of you ... have n't you ever wonder why the Dark Lord try to kill you as a baby ? " Harry stare into the slitted eyehole through which Malfoy 's gray eye be gleam . be this prophecy the reason Harry 's parent have die , the reason he carry his lightning-bolt scar ? be the answer to all of this clutch in his hand ? " someone make a prophecy about Voldemort and me ? " he say quietly , gaze at Lucius Malfoy , his finger tighten over the warm glass sphere in his hand . it be hardly large than a Snitch and still gritty with dust . " and he have make me come and get it for him ? why could n't he come and get it himself ? " " get it himself ? " shriek Bellatrix on a cackle of mad laughter . " the Dark Lord , walk into the Ministry of Magic , when they be so sweetly ignore his return ? the Dark Lord , reveal himself to the Aurors , when at the moment they be waste their time on my dear cousin ? " " so he be get you do his dirty work for him , have he ? " say Harry . " like he try to get Sturgis to steal it -- and Bode ? " " very good , Potter , very good ... " say Malfoy slowly . " but the Dark Lord know you be not unintell -- " " NOW ! " yell Harry . five different voice behind him bellow " REDUCTO ! " five curse fly in five different direction and the shelf opposite them explode as they hit . the towering structure sway as a hundred glass sphere burst apart , pearly-white figure unfurl into the air and float there , their voice echo from who know what long-dead past amid the torrent of crash glass and splinter wood now rain down upon the floor - " RUN ! " Harry yell , and as the shelf sway precariously and more glass sphere begin to pour from above , he seize a handful of Hermione 's robe and drag her forward , one arm over his head as chunk of shelf and shard of glass thunder down upon them . a Death Eater lunge forward through the cloud of dust and Harry elbow him hard in the masked face . they be all yell , there be cry of pain , thunderous crash as the shelf collapse upon themselves , weirdly echo fragment of the seer unleash from their sphere - Harry find the way ahead clear and see Ron , Ginny , and Luna sprint past him , their arm over their head . something heavy strike him on the side of the face but he merely duck his head and sprint onward ; a hand catch him by the shoulder ; he hear Hermione shout " Stupefy ! " and the hand release him at once . they be at the end of row ninety-seven ; Harry turn right and begin to sprint in earnest . he could hear footstep right behind him and Hermione 's voice urge Neville on . the door through which they have come be ajar straight ahead , Harry could see the glitter light of the bell jar , he pelt through it , the prophecy still clutch tight and safe in his hand , wait for the other to hurtle over the threshold before slam the door behind them - " Colloportus ! " gasp Hermione and the door seal itself with an odd squelch noise . " where -- where be the other ? " gasp Harry . he have think that Ron , Luna , and Ginny have be ahead of them , that they would be wait in this room , but there be nobody there . " they must have go the wrong way ! " whisper Hermione , terror in her face . " listen ! " whisper Neville . footstep and shout echo from behind the door they have just seal . Harry put his ear close to the door to listen and hear Lucius Malfoy roar : " leave Nott , leave him , I say , the Dark Lord will not care for Nott 's injury as much as lose that prophecy -- Jugson , come back here , we need to organize ! we will split into pair and search , and do n't forget , be gentle with Potter until we have get the prophecy , you can kill the other if necessary -- Bellatrix , Rodolphus , you take the left , Crabbe , Rabastan , go right -- Jugson , Dolohov , the door straight ahead -- Macnair and Avery , through here -- Rookwood , over there -- Mulciber , come with me ! " " what do we do ? " Hermione ask Harry , tremble from head to foot . " well , we do n't stand here wait for them to find us , for a start , " say Harry . " let be get away from this door . ... " they run , quietly as they could , past the shimmer bell jar where the tiny egg be hatch and unhatching , toward the exit into the circular hallway at the far end of the room . they be almost there when Harry hear something large and heavy collide with the door Hermione have charm shut . " stand aside ! " say a rough voice . " Alohomora ! " as the door fly open , Harry , Hermione , and Neville dive under desk . they could see the bottom of the two Death Eaters ' robe draw near , their foot move rapidly . " they might have run straight through to the hall , " say the rough voice . " check under the desk , " say another . Harry see the knee of the Death Eaters bend . poke his wand out from under the desk he shout , " STUPEFY ! " a jet of red light hit the near death eater ; he fall backward into a grandfather clock and knock it over . the second Death Eater , however , have leap aside to avoid Harry 's spell and now point his own wand at Hermione , who have crawl out from under the desk to get a good aim . " Avada -- " Harry launch himself across the floor and grab the Death Eater around the knee , cause him to topple and his aim to go awry . Neville overturn his desk in his anxiety to help ; point his wand wildly at the struggle pair he cry , " EXPELLIARMUS ! " both Harry 's and the Death Eater 's wand fly out of their hand and soar back toward the entrance to the Hall of Prophecy ; both scramble to their foot and charge after them , the Death Eater in front and Harry hot on his heel , Neville bring up the rear , plainly horrorstruck at what he have do . " get out of the way , Harry ! " yell Neville , clearly determine to repair the damage . Harry fling himself sideways as Neville take aim again and shout , " STUPEFY ! " the jet of red light fly right over the Death Eater 's shoulder and hit a glass-fronted cabinet on the wall full of variously shape hourglass . the cabinet fall to the floor and burst apart , glass fly everywhere , then spring back up onto the wall , fully mend , then fall down again , and shatter - the Death Eater have snatch up his wand , which lie on the floor beside the glitter bell jar . Harry duck down behind another desk as the man turn -- his mask have slip so that he could not see , he rip it off with his free hand and shout , " STUP -- " " STUPEFY ! " scream Hermione , who have just catch up with them . the jet of red light hit the Death Eater in the middle of his chest ; he freeze , his arm still raise , his wand fall to the floor with a clatter and he collapse backward toward the bell jar . Harry expect to hear a clunk , for the man to hit solid glass and slide off the jar onto the floor , but instead , his head sink through the surface of the bell jar as though it be nothing but a soap bubble and he come to rest , sprawl on his back on the table , with his head lie inside the jar full of glitter wind . " Accio Wand ! " cry Hermione . Harry 's wand fly from a dark corner into her hand and she throw it to him . " thanks , " he say , " right , let be get out of -- " " look out ! " say Neville , horrify , stare at the Death Eater 's head in the bell jar . all three of them raise their wand again , but none of them strike . they be all gaze , openmouthed , appall , at what be happen to the man 's head . it be shrink very fast , grow bald and bald , the black hair and stubble retract into his skull , his cheek smooth , his skull round and cover with a peachlike fuzz . ... a baby 's head now sit grotesquely on top of the thick , muscle neck of the Death Eater as he struggle to get up again . but even as they watch , their mouth open , the head begin to swell to its previous proportion again , thick black hair be sprout from the pate and chin . ... " it be time , " say Hermione in an awestruck voice . " time ... " the Death Eater shake his ugly head again , try to clear it , but before he could pull himself together again , it begin to shrink back to babyhood once more . ... there be a shout from a room nearby , then a crash and a scream . " RON ? " Harry yell , turn quickly from the monstrous transformation take place before them . " Ginny ? Luna ? " " Harry ! " Hermione scream . the Death Eater have pull his head out of the bell jar . his appearance be utterly bizarre , his tiny baby 's head bawl loudly while his thick arm flail dangerously in all direction , narrowly miss Harry , who duck . Harry raise his wand but to his amazement Hermione seize his arm . " you ca n't hurt a baby ! " there be no time to argue the point . Harry could hear more footstep grow loud from the Hall of Prophecy they have just leave and know , too late , that he ought not to have shout and give away their position . " come on ! " he say again , and leave the ugly baby-headed death eater stagger behind them , they take off for the door that stand ajar at the other end of the room , lead back into the black hallway . they have run halfway toward it when Harry see through the open door two more death eater run across the black room toward them . veer left he burst instead into a small , dark , cluttered office and slam the door behind them . " Collo -- " begin Hermione , but before she could complete the spell the door have burst open again and the two Death Eaters have come hurtle inside . with a cry of triumph , both yell , " IMPEDIMENTA ! " Harry , Hermione , and Neville be all knock backward off their foot . Neville be throw over the desk and disappear from view , Hermione smash into a bookcase and be promptly deluge in a cascade of heavy book ; the back of Harry 's head slam into the stone wall behind him , tiny light burst in front of his eye , and for a moment he be too dizzy and bewilder to react . " we 'VE Got HIM ! " yell the Death Eater nearest Harry , " in an Office off -- " " Silencio ! " cry Hermione , and the man 's voice be extinguish . he continue to mouth through the hole in his mask , but no sound come out ; he be thrust aside by his fellow . " Petrificus Totalus ! " shout Harry , as the second Death Eater raise his wand . his arm and leg snap together and he fall forward , facedown onto the rug at Harry 's foot , stiff as a board and unable to move at all . " well do , Ha -- " but the Death Eater Hermione have just strike dumb make a sudden slash movement with his wand from which fly a streak of what look like purple flame . it pass right across Hermione 's chest ; she give a tiny " oh ! " as though of surprise and then crumple onto the floor where she lie motionless . " HERMIONE ! " Harry fall to his knee beside her as Neville crawl rapidly toward her from under the desk , his wand hold up in front of him . the Death Eater kick out hard at Neville 's head as he emerge -- his foot break Neville 's wand in two and connect with his face -- Neville give a howl of pain and recoil , clutch his mouth and nose . Harry twist around , his own wand hold high , and see that the Death Eater have rip off his mask and be point his wand directly at Harry , who recognize the long , pale , twisted face from the Daily Prophet : Antonin Dolohov , the wizard who have murder the Prewetts . Dolohov grin . with his free hand , he point from the prophecy still clutch in Harry 's hand , to himself , then at Hermione . though he could no longer speak his meaning could not have be clear : give me the prophecy , or you get the same as her . ... " like you wo n't kill us all the moment I hand it over anyway ! " say Harry . a whine of panic inside his head be prevent him think properly . he have one hand on Hermione 's shoulder , which be still warm , yet do not dare look at her properly . do n't let her be dead , do n't let her be dead , it be my fault if she be dead . ... " Whaddever you do , Harry , " say Neville fiercely from under the desk , lower his hand to show a clearly break nose and blood pour down his mouth and chin , " don will gib it to him ! " then there be a crash outside the door , and Dolohov look over his shoulder -- the baby-headed Death Eater have appear in the doorway , his head bawl , his great fist still flail uncontrollably at everything around him . Harry seize his chance : " PETRIFICUS TOTALUS ! " the spell hit Dolohov before he could block it , and he topple forward across his comrade , both of them rigid as board and unable to move an inch . " Hermione , " Harry say at once , shake her as the baby-headed Death Eater blunder out of sight again . " Hermione , wake up . ... " " Whaddid he do to her ? " say Neville , crawl out from under the desk again to kneel at her other side , blood stream from his rapidly swell nose . " I dunno . ... " Neville grope for Hermione 's wrist . " Dat be a pulse , Harry , I'b sure id be . ... " such a powerful wave of relief sweep through Harry that for a moment he feel light-headed . " she be alive ? " " yeah , I dink so . ... " there be a pause in which Harry listen hard for the sound of more footstep , but all he could hear be the whimper and blunderings of the baby death eater in the next room . " Neville , we be not far from the exit , " Harry whisper . " we be right next to that circular room . ... if we can just get you across it and find the right door before any more death eater come , I will bet you can get Hermione up the corridor and into the lift . ... then you could find someone . ... raise the alarm ... " " and whad be you go do do ? " say Neville , mop his bleed nose with his sleeve and frown at Harry . " I have get to find the other , " say Harry . " well , I'b go do find dem wid you , " say Neville firmly . " but Hermione -- " " we will dake her wid us , " say Neville firmly . " I will carry her -- you be bedder at fighding dem dan I ab -- " he stand up and seize one of Hermione 's arm , glare at Harry , who hesitate , then grab the other and help hoist Hermione 's limp form over Neville 's shoulder . " wait , " say Harry , snatch up Hermione 's wand from the floor and shove it into Neville hand , " you will well take this . ... " Neville kick aside the break fragment of his own wand as they walk slowly toward the door . " my gran 's going do kill be , " say Neville thickly , blood spatter from his nose as he speak , " dat be by dad 's old wand . ... " Harry stick his head out of the door and look around cautiously . the baby-headed Death Eater be scream and bang into thing , topple grandfather clock and overturn desk , bawl and confuse , while the glass cabinet that Harry now suspect have contain Time-Turners continue to fall , shatter , and repair itself on the wall behind them . " he be never go to notice us , " he whisper . " C'mon ... keep close behind me . ... " they creep out of the office and back toward the door into the black hallway , which now seem completely desert . they walk a few step forward , Neville totter slightly due to Hermione 's weight . the door of the Time Room swing shut behind them , and the wall begin to rotate once more . the recent blow on the back of Harry 's head seem to have unsteady him ; he narrow his eye , sway slightly , until the wall stop move again . with a sinking heart Harry see that Hermione 's fiery crosse have fade from the door . " so which way d'you reck -- ? " but before they could make a decision as to which way to try , a door to their right spring open and three people fall out of it . " Ron ! " croak Harry , dash toward them . " Ginny -- be you all -- ? " " Harry , " say Ron , giggle weakly , lurch forward , seize the front of Harry 's robe and gaze at him with unfocused eye . " there you be . ... Ha ha ha ... you look funny , Harry . ... you be all mess up . ... Ron 's face be very white and something dark be trickle from the corner of his mouth . next moment his knee have give way , but he still clutch the front of Harry 's robe , so that Harry be pull into a kind of bow . " Ginny ? " Harry say fearfully . " what happen ? " but Ginny shake her head and slide down the wall into a sit position , pant and hold her ankle . " I think her ankle be break , I hear something crack , " whisper Luna , who be bend over her and who alone seem to be unhurt . " four of them chase us into a dark room full of planet , it be a very odd place , some of the time we be just float in the dark -- " " Harry , we see Uranus up close ! " say Ron , still giggle feebly . " get it , Harry ? we see Uranus -- ha ha ha -- " a bubble of blood grow at the corner of Ron 's mouth and burst . " anyway , one of them grab Ginny 's foot , I use the Reductor Curse and blow up Pluto in his face , but ... " Luna gesture hopelessly at Ginny , who be breathe in a very shallow way , her eye still close . " and what about Ron ? " say Harry fearfully , as Ron continue to giggle , still hang off the front of Harry 's robe . " I do n't know what they hit him with , " say Luna sadly , " but he have go a bit funny , I could hardly get him along at all . ... " " Harry , " say Ron , pull Harry 's ear down to his mouth and still giggle weakly , " you know who this girl be , Harry ? she be Loony ... Loony Lovegood ... ha ha ha ... " " we have get to get out of here , " say Harry firmly . " Luna , can you help Ginny ? " " yes , " say Luna , stick her wand behind her ear for safekeeping , put an arm around Ginny 's waist and pull her up . " it be only my ankle , I can do it myself ! " say Ginny impatiently , but next moment she have collapse sideways and grab Luna for support . Harry pull Ron 's arm over his shoulder just as , so many month ago , he have pull Dudley 's . he look around : they have a one-in-twelve chance of get the exit right the first time - he heave Ron toward a door ; they be within a few foot of it when another door across the hall burst open and three death eater speed into the hall , lead by Bellatrix Lestrange . " there they be ! " she shriek . stunning Spells shot across the room : Harry smash his way through the door ahead , fling Ron unceremoniously from him , and duck back to help Neville in with Hermione . they be all over the threshold just in time to slam the door against Bellatrix . " Colloportus ! " shout Harry , and he hear three body slam into the door on the other side . " it do n't matter ! " say a man 's voice . " there be other way in -- WE 'VE Got Them , THEY 'RE here ! " Harry spin around . they be back in the Brain Room and , sure enough , there be door all around the wall . he could hear footstep in the hall behind them as more death eater come run to join the first . " Luna -- Neville -- help me ! " the three of them tear around the room , seal the door as they go : Harry crash into a table and roll over the top of it in his haste to reach the next door . " Colloportus ! " there be footstep run along behind the door ; every now and then another heavy body would launch itself against one , so it creak and shudder . Luna and Neville be bewitch the door along the opposite wall -- then , as Harry reach the very top of the room , he hear Luna cry , " Collo -- aaaaaaaaargh ... " he turn in time to see her fly through the air . five Death Eaters be surge into the room through the door she have not reach in time ; Luna hit a desk , slide over its surface and onto the floor on the other side where she lie sprawl , as still as Hermione . " get Potter ! " shriek Bellatrix , and she run at him . he dodge her and sprint back up the room ; he be safe as long as they think they might hit the prophecy - " Hey ! " say Ron , who have stagger to his foot and be now totter drunkenly toward Harry , giggle . " hey , Harry , there be brain in here , ha ha ha , be n't that weird , Harry ? " " Ron , get out of the way , get down -- " but Ron have already point his wand at the tank . " honest , Harry , they be brain -- look -- Accio Brain ! " the scene seem momentarily freeze . Harry , Ginny , and Neville and each of the Death Eaters turn in spite of themselves to watch the top of the tank as a brain burst from the green liquid like a leap fish . for a moment it seem suspend in midair , then it soar toward Ron , spin as it come , and what look like ribbon of move image fly from it , unravel like roll of film - " Ha ha ha , Harry , look at it -- " say Ron , watch it disgorge its gaudy innards . " Harry , come and touch it , bet it be weird -- " " Ron , No ! " Harry do not know what would happen if Ron touch the tentacle of thought now fly behind the brain , but he be sure it would not be anything good . he dart forward but Ron have already catch the brain in his outstretch hand . the moment they make contact with his skin , the tentacle begin wrap themselves around Ron 's arm like rope . " Harry , look what be happen -- no -- no , I do n't like it -- no , stop -- stop -- " but the thin ribbon be spin around Ron 's chest now . he tug and tear at them as the brain be pull tight against him like an octopus 's body . " Diffindo ! " yell Harry , try to sever the feeler wrap themselves tightly around Ron before his eye , but they would not break . Ron fall over , still thrash against his bond . " Harry , it will suffocate him ! " scream Ginny , immobilize by her break ankle on the floor -- then a jet of red light fly from one of the Death Eater 's wand and hit her squarely in the face . she keel over sideways and lay there unconscious . " STUBEFY ! " shout Neville , wheel around and wave Hermione 's wand at the oncoming death eater . " STUBEFY , STUBEFY ! " but nothing happen -- one of the Death Eaters shoot their own Stunning Spell at Neville ; it miss him by inch . Harry and Neville be now the only two leave fight the five Death Eaters , two of whom send stream of silver light like arrow past them that leave crater in the wall behind them . Harry run for it as Bellatrix Lestrange sprint right at him . hold the prophecy high above his head he sprint back up the room ; all he could think of do be to draw the Death Eaters away from the other . it seem to have work . they streak after him , knock chair and table fly but not daring to bewitch him in case they hurt the prophecy , and he dash through the only door still open , the one through which the Death Eaters themselves have come . inwardly pray that Neville would stay with Ron -- find some way of release him -- he run a few foot into the new room and feel the floor vanish - he be fall down steep stone step after steep stone step , bounce on every tier until at last , with a crash that knock all the breath out of his body , he land flat on his back in the sunken pit where the stone archway stand on its dais . the whole room be ring with the Death Eaters ' laughter . he look up and see the five who have be in the Brain Room descend toward him , while as many more emerge through other doorway and begin leap from bench to bench toward him . Harry get to his foot though his leg be tremble so badly they barely support him . the prophecy be still miraculously unbroken in his left hand , his wand clutch tightly in his right . he back away , look around , try to keep all the Death Eaters within his sight . the back of his leg hit something solid ; he have reach the dais where the archway stand . he climb backward onto it . the Death Eaters all halt , gaze at him . some be pant as hard as he be . one be bleed badly ; Dolohov , free of the full Body-Bind , be leer , his wand point straight at Harry 's face . " Potter , your race be run , " drawl Lucius Malfoy , pull off his mask . " now hand me the prophecy like a good boy . ... " " let -- let the other go , and I will give it to you ! " say Harry desperately . a few of the Death Eaters laugh . " you be not in a position to bargain , Potter , " say Lucius Malfoy , his pale face flush with pleasure . " you see , there be ten of us and only one of you ... or have n't Dumbledore ever teach you how to count ? " " he be dot alone ! " shout a voice from above them . " he be still god be ! " Harry 's heart sink . Neville be scramble down the stone bench toward them , Hermione 's wand hold fast in his tremble hand . " Neville -- no -- go back to Ron -- " " STUBEFY ! " Neville shout again , point his wand at each Death Eater in turn , " STUBEFY ! STUBE -- " one of the large death eater seize Neville from behind , pinion his arm to his side . he struggle and kick ; several of the Death Eaters laugh . " it be Longbottom , be n't it ? " sneer Lucius Malfoy . " well , your grandmother be use to lose family member to our cause . ... your death will not come as a great shock . ... " " Longbottom ? " repeat Bellatrix , and a truly evil smile light her gaunt face . " why , I have have the pleasure of meet your parent , boy . ... " " I Doe you HAB ! " roar Neville , and he fight so hard against his captor 's encircle grip that the Death Eater shout , " someone stun him ! " " no , no , no , " say Bellatrix . she look transport , alive with excitement as she glance at Harry , then back at Neville . " no , let be see how long Longbottom last before he crack like his parent . ... unless Potter want to give us the prophecy -- " " Don 'D Gib Id do dem ! " roar Neville , who seem beside himself , kick and writhe as Bellatrix draw near to him and his captor , her wand raise . " don 'D Gib Id do dem , Harry ! " Bellatrix raise her wand . " Crucio ! " Neville scream , his leg draw up to his chest so that the Death Eater hold him be momentarily hold him off the ground . the Death Eater drop him and he fall to the floor , twitch and scream in agony . " that be just a taster ! " say Bellatrix , raise her wand so that Neville 's scream stop and he lie sob at her foot . she turn and gaze up at Harry . " now , Potter , either give us the prophecy , or watch your little friend die the hard way ! " Harry do not have to think ; there be no choice . the prophecy be hot with the heat from his clutch hand as he hold it out . Malfoy jump forward to take it . then , high above them , two more door burst open and five more people sprint into the room : Sirius , Lupin , Moody , Tonks , and Kingsley . Malfoy turn and raise his wand , but Tonks have already send a Stunning Spell right at him . Harry do not wait to see whether it have make contact , but dive off the dais out of the way . the Death Eaters be completely distract by the appearance of the member of the Order , who be now rain spell down upon them as they jump from step to step toward the sunken floor : through the dart body , the flash of light , Harry could see Neville crawl along . he dodge another jet of red light and fling himself flat on the ground to reach Neville . " be you okay ? " he yell , as another spell soar inch over their head . " yes , " say Neville , try to pull himself up . " and Ron ? " " I dink he be all right -- he be still fighding the brain when I leave -- " the stone floor between them explode as a spell hit it , leave a crater right where Neville 's hand have be second before . both scramble away from the spot , then a thick arm come out of nowhere , seize Harry around the neck and pull him upright , so that his toe be barely touch the floor . " give it to me , " growl a voice in his ear , " give me the prophecy -- " the man be press so tightly on Harry 's windpipe that he could not breathe -- through water eye he see Sirius dueling with a Death Eater some ten foot away . Kingsley be fight two at once ; Tonks , still halfway up the tier seat , be fire spell down at Bellatrix -- nobody seem to realize that Harry be die . ... he turn his wand backward toward the man 's side , but have no breath to utter an incantation , and the man 's free hand be grope toward the hand in which Harry be grasp the prophecy - " AARGH ! " Neville have come lunge out of nowhere : unable to articulate a spell , he have jab Hermione 's wand hard into the eyehole of the Death Eater 's mask . the man relinquish Harry at once with a howl of pain and Harry whirl around to face him and gasp , " STUPEFY ! " the Death Eater keel over backward and his mask slip off . it be Macnair , Buckbeak 's would-be killer , one of his eye now swollen and bloodshot . " thanks ! " Harry say to Neville , pull him aside as Sirius and his Death Eater lurch past , duel so fiercely that their wand be blur . then Harry 's foot make contact with something round and hard and he slip -- for a moment he think he have drop the prophecy , then see Moody 's magic eye spin away across the floor . its owner be lie on his side , bleed from the head , and his attacker be now bear down upon Harry and Neville : Dolohov , his long pale face twist with glee . " Tarantallegra ! " he shout , his wand point at Neville , whose leg go immediately into a kind of frenzied tap dance , unbalance him and cause him to fall to the floor again . " now , Potter -- " he make the same slash movement with his wand that he have use on Hermione just as Harry yell , " Protego ! " Harry feel something streak across his face like a blunt knife but the force of it knock him sideways , and he fall over Neville 's jerk leg , but the Shield Charm have stop the bad of the spell . Dolohov raise his wand again . " Accio Proph -- " Sirius hurtle out of nowhere , ram Dolohov with his shoulder , and send him fly out of the way . the prophecy have again flow to the tip of Harry 's finger but he have manage to cling to it . now Sirius and Dolohov be duel , their wand flash like sword , spark fly from their wand tip - Dolohov draw back his wand to make the same slash movement he have use on Harry and Hermione . spring up , Harry yell , " Petrificus Totalus ! " once again , Dolohov 's arm and leg snap together and he keel over backward , landing with a crash on his back . " nice one ! " shout Sirius , force Harry 's head down as a pair of Stunning Spells fly toward them . " now I want you to get out of -- " they both duck again . a jet of green light have narrowly miss Sirius ; across the room Harry see Tonks fall from halfway up the stone step , her limp form topple from stone seat to stone seat , and Bellatrix , triumphant , run back toward the fray . " Harry , take the prophecy , grab Neville , and run ! " Sirius yell , dash to meet Bellatrix . Harry do not see what happen next : Kingsley sway across his field of vision , battle with the pockmarked Rookwood , now mask-less ; another jet of green light fly over Harry 's head as he launch himself toward Neville - " can you stand ? " he bellow in Neville 's ear , as Neville 's leg jerk and twitch uncontrollably . " put your arm around my neck -- " Neville do so -- Harry heave -- Neville 's leg be still fly in every direction , they would not support him and then , out of nowhere , a man lunge at them . both fall backward , Neville 's leg wave wildly like an overturn beetle 's , Harry with his left arm hold up in the air to try and save the small glass ball from be smash . " the prophecy , give me the prophecy , Potter ! " snarl Lucius Malfoy 's voice in his ear , and Harry feel the tip of Malfoy 's wand press hard between his rib . " no -- get -- off -- me ... Neville -- catch it ! " Harry fling the prophecy across the floor , Neville spin himself around on his back and scoop the ball to his chest . Malfoy point the wand instead at Neville , but Harry jab his own wand back over his shoulder and yell , " Impedimenta ! " Malfoy be blast off his back . as Harry scramble up again he look around and see Malfoy smash into the dais on which Sirius and Bellatrix be now duel . Malfoy aim his wand at Harry and Neville again , but before he could draw breath to strike , Lupin have jump between them . " Harry , round up the other and Go ! " Harry seize Neville by the shoulder of his robe and lift him bodily onto the first tier of stone step . Neville 's leg twitch and jerk and would not support his weight . Harry heave again with all the strength he possess and they climb another step - a spell hit the stone bench at Harry 's heel . it crumble away and he fall back to the step below : Neville sink to the ground , his leg still jerk and thrash , and thrust the prophecy into his pocket . " come on ! " say Harry desperately , haul at Neville 's robe . " just try and push with your leg -- " he give another stupendous heave and Neville 's robe tear all along the leave seam -- the small spun-glass ball drop from his pocket and before either of them could catch it , one of Neville 's flounder foot kick it . it fly some ten foot to their right and smash on the step beneath them . as both of them stare at the place where it have break , appall at what have happen , a pearly-white figure with hugely magnify eye rise into the air , unnoticed by any but them . Harry could see its mouth move , but in all the crash and scream and yell surround them , not one word of the prophecy could he hear . the figure stop speak and dissolve into nothingness . " Harry , I'b sorry ! " cry Neville , his face anguish as his leg continue to flounder , " I'b so sorry , Harry , I didn have bean do -- " " it do n't matter ! " Harry shout . " just try and stand , let be get out of -- " " Dubbledore ! " say Neville , his sweaty face suddenly transport , stare over Harry 's shoulder . " what ? " " DUBBLEDORE ! " Harry turn to look where Neville be stare . directly above them , frame in the doorway from the Brain Room , stand Albus Dumbledore , his wand aloft , his face white and furious . Harry feel a kind of electric charge surge through every particle of his body -- they be save . Dumbledore speed down the step past Neville and Harry , who have no more thought of leave . Dumbledore be already at the foot of the step when the death eater nearest realize he be there . there be yell ; one of the Death Eaters run for it , scrabble like a monkey up the stone step opposite . Dumbledore 's spell pull him back as easily and effortlessly as though he have hook him with an invisible line - only one couple be still battle , apparently unaware of the new arrival . Harry see Sirius duck Bellatrix 's jet of red light : he be laugh at her . " come on , you can do good than that ! " he yell , his voice echo around the cavernous room . the second jet of light hit him squarely on the chest . the laughter have not quite die from his face , but his eye widen in shock . Harry release Neville , though he be unaware of do so . he be jump down the step again , pull out his wand , as Dumbledore turn to the dais too . it seem to take Sirius an age to fall . his body curve in a graceful arc as he sink backward through the ragged veil hang from the arch . ... and Harry see the look of mingle fear and surprise on his godfather be waste , once-handsome face as he fall through the ancient doorway and disappear behind the veil , which flutter for a moment as though in a high wind and then fall back into place . Harry hear Bellatrix Lestrange 's triumphant scream , but know it mean nothing -- Sirius have only just fall through the archway , he would reappear from the other side any second . ... but Sirius do not reappear . " SIRIUS ! " Harry yell , " SIRIUS ! " he have reach the floor , his breath come in searing gasp . Sirius must be just behind the curtain , he , Harry , would pull him back out again . ... but as he reach the ground and sprint toward the dais , Lupin grab Harry around the chest , hold him back . " there be nothing you can do , Harry -- " " get him , save him , he be only just go through ! " " it be too late , Harry -- " " we can still reach him -- " Harry struggle hard and viciously , but Lupin would not let go . ... " there be nothing you can do , Harry ... nothing . ... he be go . " the only one he ever feared " he have n't go ! " Harry yell . he do not believe it , he would not believe it ; still he fight Lupin with every bit of strength he have : lupin do not understand , people hide behind that curtain , he have hear them whisper the first time he have enter the room -- Sirius be hide , simply lurk out of sight - " SIRIUS ! " he bellow , " SIRIUS ! " " he ca n't come back , Harry , " say Lupin , his voice break as he struggle to contain Harry . " he ca n't come back , because he be d -- " " He -- be -- NOT -- dead ! " roar Harry . " SIRIUS ! " there be movement go on around them , pointless bustle , the flash of more spell . to Harry it be meaningless noise , the deflect curse fly past them do not matter , nothing matter except that Lupin stop pretend that Sirius , who be stand foot from them behind that old curtain , be not go to emerge at any moment , shake back his dark hair and eager to reenter the battle - Lupin drag Harry away from the dais , Harry still stare at the archway , angry at Sirius now for keep him wait - but some part of him realize , even as he fight to break free from Lupin , that Sirius have never keep him wait before . ... Sirius have risk everything , always , to see Harry , to help him . ... if Sirius be not reappear out of that archway when Harry be yell for him as though his life depend on it , the only possible explanation be that he could not come back . ... that he really be ... Dumbledore have most of the remain death eater group in the middle of the room , seemingly immobilize by invisible rope . Mad-Eye Moody have crawl across the room to where Tonks lie and be attempt to revive her . behind the dais there be still flash of light , grunt , and cry -- Kingsley have run forward to continue Sirius 's duel with Bellatrix . " Harry ? " Neville have slide down the stone bench one by one to the place where Harry stand . Harry be no longer struggle against Lupin , who maintain a precautionary grip on his arm nevertheless . " Harry ... I'b really sorry . ... " say Neville . his leg be still dance uncontrollably . " be dat man -- be Sirius Black a -- a friend of yours ? " Harry nod . " here , " say Lupin quietly , and point his wand at Neville 's leg he say , " Finite . " the spell be lift . Neville 's leg fall back onto the floor and remain still . lupin 's face be pale . " let be -- let be find the other . where be they all , Neville ? " lupin turn away from the archway as he speak . it sound as though every word be cause him pain . " Dey be all back dere , " say Neville . " a brain addacked Ron bud I dink he be all righd -- and Herbione 's unconscious , bud we could feel a bulse -- " there be a loud bang and a yell from behind the dais . Harry see Kingsley , yell in pain , hit the ground . Bellatrix Lestrange turn tail and run as Dumbledore whip around . he aim a spell at her but she deflect it . she be halfway up the step now - " Harry -- no ! " cry Lupin , but Harry have already rip his arm from Lupin 's slackened grip . " she KILLED SIRIUS ! " bellow Harry . " she KILLED HIM -- I 'LL Kill Her ! " and he be off , scramble up the stone bench . people be shout behind him but he do not care . the hem of Bellatrix 's robe whip out of sight ahead and they be back in the room where the brain be swim . ... she aim a curse over her shoulder . the tank rise into the air and tip . Harry be deluge in the foul-smell potion within . the brain slip and slide over him and begin spin their long , colored tentacle , but he shout , " Wingardium Leviosa ! " and they fly into the air away from him . slip and slide he run on toward the door . he leap over Luna , who be groan on the floor , past Ginny , who say , " Harry -- what -- ? " past Ron , who giggle feebly , and Hermione , who be still unconscious . he wrench open the door into the circular black hall and see Bellatrix disappear through a door on the other side of the room -- beyond her be the corridor lead back to the lift . he run , but she have slam the door behind her and the wall have begin to rotate again . once more he be surround by streak of blue light from the whirl candelabrum . " where be the exit ? " he shout desperately , as the wall rumble to a halt again . " where be the way out ? " the room seem to have be wait for him to ask . the door right behind him fly open , and the corridor toward the lift stretch ahead of him , torch-lit and empty . he run . ... he could hear a lift clatter ahead of him . he sprint up the passageway , swing around the corner , and slam his fist onto the button to call a second lift . it jangle and bang low and low ; the grille slide open and Harry dash inside , now hammer the button mark atrium . the door slide shut and he be rise . ... he force his way out of the lift before the grille be fully open and look around . Bellatrix be almost at the telephone lift at the other end of the hall , but she look back as he sprint toward her , and aim another spell at him . he dodge behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren ; the spell zoom past him and hit the wrought gold gate at the other end of the atrium so that they ring like bell . there be no more footstep . she have stop run . he crouch behind the statue , listen . " come out , come out , little Harry ! " she call in her mock-baby voice , which echo off the polished wooden floor . " what do you come after me for , then ? I think you be here to avenge my dear cousin ! " " I be ! " shout Harry , and a score of ghostly Harry 's seem to chorus I be ! I be ! I be ! all around the room . " Aaaaaah ... do you love him , little baby Potter ? " hatred rise in Harry such as he have never know before . he fling himself out from behind the fountain and bellow " Crucio ! " Bellatrix scream . the spell have knock her off her foot , but she do not writhe and shriek with pain as Neville have -- she be already on her foot again , breathless , no longer laughing . Harry dodge behind the golden fountain again -- her counterspell hit the head of the handsome wizard , which be blow off and land twenty foot away , gouge long scratch into the wooden floor . " never use an unforgivable curse before , have you , boy ? " she yell . she have abandon her baby voice now . " you need to mean them , Potter ! you need to really want to cause pain -- to enjoy it -- righteous anger wo n't hurt me for long -- I will show you how it be do , shall I ? I will give you a lesson -- " Harry have be edge around the fountain on the other side . she scream , " Crucio ! " and he be force to duck down again as the centaur 's arm , hold its bow , spin off and land with a crash on the floor a short distance from the golden wizard 's head . " Potter , you can win against me ! " she cry . he could hear her move to the right , try to get a clear shot of him . he back around the statue away from her , crouch behind the centaur 's leg , his head level with the house-elf 's . " I be and be the Dark Lord 's most loyal servant , I learn the dark art from him , and I know spell of such power that you , pathetic little boy , can never hope to compete -- " " Stupefy ! " yell Harry . he have edge right around to where the goblin stand beam up at the now headless wizard and take aim at her back as she peer around the fountain for him . she react so fast he barely have time to duck . " Protego ! " the jet of red light , his own Stunning Spell , bounce back at him . Harry scramble back behind the fountain , and one of the goblin 's ear go fly across the room . " Potter , I be go to give you one chance ! " shout Bellatrix . " give me the prophecy -- roll it out toward me now -- and I may spare your life ! " " well , you be go to have to kill me , because it be go ! " Harry roar -- and as he shout it , pain sear across his forehead . his scar be on fire again , and he feel a surge of fury that be quite unconnected with his own rage . " and he know ! " say Harry with a mad laugh to match Bellatrix 's own . " your dear old mate Voldemort know it be go ! he be not go to be happy with you , be he ? " " what ? what do you mean ? " she cry , and for the first time there be fear in her voice . " the prophecy smash when I be try to get Neville up the step ! what do you think Voldemort will say about that , then ? " his scar sear and burn . ... the pain of it be make his eye stream . ... " LIAR ! " she shriek , but he could hear the terror behind the anger now . " you 'VE Got it , Potter , and you Will GIVE it To Me -- Accio Prophecy ! ACCIO PROPHECY ! " Harry laugh again because he know it would incense her , the pain building in his head so badly he think his skull might burst . he wave his empty hand from behind the one-eared goblin and withdraw it quickly as she send another jet of green light fly at him . " nothing there ! " he shout . " nothing to summon ! it smash and nobody hear what it say , tell your boss that -- " " no ! " she scream . " it be n't true , you be lie -- Master , I TRIED , I TRIED -- do NOT PUNISH ME -- " " do n't waste your breath ! " yell Harry , his eye screw up against the pain in his scar , now more terrible than ever . " he ca n't hear you from here ! " " can n't I , Potter ? " say a high , cold voice . Harry open his eye . tall , thin , and black-hooded , his terrible snakelike face white and gaunt , his scarlet , slit-pupiled eye stare ... Lord Voldemort have appear in the middle of the hall , his wand point at Harry who stand freeze , quite unable to move . " so you smash my prophecy ? " say Voldemort softly , stare at Harry with those pitiless red eye . " no , Bella , he be not lie . ... I see the truth look at me from within his worthless mind . ... month of preparation , month of effort ... and my death eater have let Harry Potter thwart me again . ... " " Master , I be sorry , I know not , I be fight the Animagus Black ! " sob Bellatrix , fling herself down at Voldemort 's foot as he pace slowly near . " master , you should know -- " " be quiet , Bella , " say Voldemort dangerously . " I shall deal with you in a moment . do you think I have enter the Ministry of Magic to hear your snivel apology ? " " but Master -- he be here -- he be below -- " Voldemort pay no attention . " I have nothing more to say to you , Potter , " he say quietly . " you have irk me too often , for too long . AVADA KEDAVRA ! " Harry have not even open his mouth to resist . his mind be blank , his wand point uselessly at the floor . but the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain have spring alive , leap from its plinth , and land on the floor with a crash between Harry and Voldemort . the spell merely glance off its chest as the statue fling out its arm , protect Harry . " what -- ? " say Voldemort , stare around . and then he breathe , " Dumbledore ! " Harry look behind him , his heart pound . Dumbledore be stand in front of the golden gate . Voldemort raise his wand and send another jet of green light at Dumbledore , who turn and be go in a whirl of his cloak ; next second he have reappear behind Voldemort and wave his wand toward the remnant of the fountain ; the other statue spring to life too . the statue of the witch run at Bellatrix , who scream and send spell stream uselessly off its chest , before it dive at her , pin her to the floor . meanwhile , the goblin and the house-elf scuttle toward the fireplace set along the wall , and the one-armed centaur gallop at Voldemort , who vanish and reappear beside the pool . the headless statue thrust Harry backward , away from the fight , as Dumbledore advance on Voldemort and the golden centaur canter around them both . " it be foolish to come here tonight , Tom , " say Dumbledore calmly . " the Aurors be on their way -- " " by which time I shall be go , and you dead ! " spit Voldemort . he send another Killing Curse at Dumbledore but miss , instead hit the security guard desk , which burst into flame . Dumbledore flick his own wand . the force of the spell that emanate from it be such that Harry , though shield by his stone guard , feel his hair stand on end as it pass , and this time Voldemort be force to conjure a shine silver shield out of thin air to deflect it . the spell , whatever it be , cause no visible damage to the shield , though a deep , gonglike note reverberate from it , an oddly chilling sound . ... " you do not seek to kill me , Dumbledore ? " call Voldemort , his scarlet eye narrow over the top of the shield . " above such brutality , be you ? " " we both know that there be other way of destroy a man , Tom , " Dumbledore say calmly , continue to walk toward Voldemort as though he have not a fear in the world , as though nothing have happen to interrupt his stroll up the hall . " merely take your life would not satisfy me , I admit -- " " there be nothing bad than death , Dumbledore ! " snarl Voldemort . " you be quite wrong , " say Dumbledore , still close in upon Voldemort and speak as lightly as though they be discuss the matter over drink . Harry feel scared to see him walk along , undefended , shieldless . he want to cry out a warning , but his headless guard keep shunt him backward toward the wall , block his every attempt to get out from behind it . " indeed , your failure to understand that there be thing much bad than death have always be your great weakness -- " another jet of green light fly from behind the silver shield . this time it be the one-armed centaur , gallop in front of Dumbledore , that take the blast and shatter into a hundred piece , but before the fragment have even hit the floor , Dumbledore have draw back his wand and wave it as though brandish a whip . a long thin flame fly from the tip ; it wrap itself around Voldemort , shield and all . for a moment , it seem Dumbledore have win , but then the fiery rope become a serpent , which relinquish its hold upon Voldemort at once and turn , hiss furiously , to face Dumbledore . Voldemort vanish . the snake rear from the floor , ready to strike - there be a burst of flame in midair above Dumbledore just as Voldemort reappear , stand on the plinth in the middle of the pool where so recently the five statue have stand . " look out ! " Harry yell . but even as he shout , one more jet of green light have flow at Dumbledore from Voldemort 's wand and the snake have strike - Fawkes swoop down in front of Dumbledore , open his beak wide , and swallow the jet of green light whole . he burst into flame and fall to the floor , small , wrinkle , and flightless . at the same moment , Dumbledore brandish his wand in one , long , fluid movement -- the snake , which have be an instant from sink its fang into him , fly high into the air and vanish in a wisp of dark smoke ; the water in the pool rise up and cover Voldemort like a cocoon of molten glass - for a few second Voldemort be visible only as a dark , ripple , faceless figure , shimmer and indistinct upon the plinth , clearly struggle to throw off the suffocate mass - then he be go , and the water fall with a crash back into its pool , slop wildly over the side , drench the polished floor . " master ! " scream Bellatrix . sure it be over , sure Voldemort have decide to flee , Harry make to run out from behind his statue guard , but Dumbledore bellow , " Stay where you be , Harry ! " for the first time , Dumbledore sound frightened . Harry could not see why . the hall be quite empty but for themselves , the sob Bellatrix still trap under her statue , and the tiny baby Fawkes croak feebly on the floor - and then Harry 's scar burst open . he know he be dead : it be pain beyond imagine , pain past endurance - he be go from the hall , he be lock in the coil of a creature with red eye , so tightly bind that Harry do not know where his body end and the creature 's begin . they be fuse together , bind by pain , and there be no escape - and when the creature speak , it use Harry 's mouth , so that in his agony he feel his jaw move . ... " Kill me now , Dumbledore . ... " Blinded and die , every part of him scream for release , Harry feel the creature use him again . ... " if death be nothing , Dumbledore , kill the boy . ... " let the pain stop , think Harry . let him kill us . ... end it , Dumbledore . ... Death be nothing compare to this . ... and I will see Sirius again . ... and as Harry 's heart fill with emotion , the creature 's coil loosen , the pain be go , Harry be lie facedown on the floor , his glass go , shiver as though he lie upon ice , not wood . ... and there be voice echo through the hall , more voice than there should have be : Harry open his eye , see his glass lie at the heel of the headless statue that have be guard him , but which now lie flat on its back , cracked and immobile . he put them on and raise his head an inch to find Dumbledore 's crooked nose inch from his own . " be you all right , Harry ? " " yes , " say Harry , shake so violently he could not hold his head up properly . " yeah , I be -- where be Voldemort , where -- who be all these -- what be -- " the atrium be full of people . the floor be reflect emerald-green flame that have burst into life in all the fireplace along one wall , and a stream of witch and wizard be emerge from them . as Dumbledore pull him back to his foot , Harry see the tiny gold statue of the house-elf and the goblin lead a stunned-looking Cornelius Fudge forward . " he be there ! " shout a scarlet-robed man with a ponytail , who be point at a pile of golden rubble on the other side of the hall , where Bellatrix have lie trapped moment before . " I see him , Mr. Fudge , I swear , it be You-Know-Who , he grab a woman and Disapparated ! " " I know , Williamson , I know , I see him too ! " gibber Fudge , who be wear pajamas under his pinstriped cloak and be gasp as though he have just run mile . " Merlin 's beard -- here -- here ! -- in the Ministry of Magic ! -- great heaven above -- it do n't seem possible -- my word -- how can this be ? " " if you proceed downstairs into the Department of Mysteries , Cornelius , " say Dumbledore , apparently satisfy that Harry be all right , and walk forward so that the newcomer realize he be there for the first time ( a few of them raise their wand , other simply look amaze ; the statue of the elf and goblin applaud and Fudge jump so much that his slipper-clad foot leave the floor ) , " you will find several escape death eater contain in the Death Chamber , bind by an Anti-Disapparation jinx and await your decision as to what to do with them . " " Dumbledore ! " gasp Fudge , apparently beside himself with amazement . " you -- here -- I -- I -- " he look wildly around at the Aurors he have bring with him , and it could not have be clear that he be in half a mind to cry , " seize him ! " " Cornelius , I be ready to fight your man -- and win again ! " say Dumbledore in a thunderous voice . " but a few minute ago you see proof , with your own eye , that I have be tell you the truth for a year . Lord Voldemort have return , you have be chase the wrong man for twelve month , and it be time you listen to sense ! " " I -- do n't -- well -- " bluster Fudge , look around as though hope somebody be go to tell him what to do . when nobody do , he say , " Very well -- Dawlish ! Williamson ! go down to the Department of Mysteries and see ... Dumbledore , you -- you will need to tell me exactly -- the Fountain of Magical Brethren -- what happen ? " he add in a kind of whimper , stare around at the floor , where the remain of the statue of the witch , wizard , and centaur now lie scatter . " we can discuss that after I have send Harry back to Hogwarts , " say Dumbledore . " Harry -- Harry Potter ? " fudge spin around and stare at Harry , who be still stand against the wall beside the fall statue that have be guard him during Dumbledore and Voldemort 's duel . " He-here ? " say Fudge . " why -- what be all this about ? " " I shall explain everything , " repeat Dumbledore , " when Harry be back at school . " he walk away from the pool to the place where the golden wizard 's head lie on the floor . he point his wand at it and mutter , " Portus . " the head glow blue and tremble noisily against the wooden floor for a few second , then become still once more . " now see here , Dumbledore ! " say Fudge , as Dumbledore pick up the head and walk back to Harry carry it . " you have n't get authorization for that Portkey ! you ca n't do thing like that right in front of the Minister of Magic , you -- you -- " his voice falter as Dumbledore survey him magisterially over his half-moon spectacle . " you will give the order to remove Dolores Umbridge from Hogwarts , " say Dumbledore . " you will tell your Aurors to stop search for my Care of Magical Creatures teacher so that he can return to work . I will give you ... " Dumbledore pull a watch with twelve hand from his pocket and glance at it , " half an hour of my time tonight , in which I think we shall be more than able to cover the important point of what have happen here . after that , I shall need to return to my school . if you need more help from me you be , of course , more than welcome to contact me at Hogwarts . letter address to the headmaster will find me . " Fudge goggle bad than ever . his mouth be open and his round face grow pink under his rumple gray hair . " I -- you -- " Dumbledore turn his back on him . " take this Portkey , Harry . " he hold out the golden head of the statue , and Harry place his hand upon it , past care what he do next or where he go . " I shall see you in half an hour , " say Dumbledore quietly . " one ... two ... three ... " Harry feel the familiar sensation of a hook be jerk behind his navel . the polished wooden floor be go from beneath his foot ; the atrium , Fudge , and Dumbledore have all disappear , and he be fly forward in a whirlwind of color and sound . ... the Lost Prophecy Harry 's foot hit solid ground again ; his knee buckle a little and the golden wizard 's head fall with a resounding clunk to the floor . he look around and see that he have arrive in Dumbledore 's office . everything seem to have repair itself during the headmaster 's absence . the delicate silver instrument stand again upon the spindle-legged table , puff and whir serenely . the portrait of the headmaster and headmistress be snooze in their frame , head loll back in armchair or against the edge of their picture . Harry look through the window . there be a cool line of pale green along the horizon : dawn be approach . the silence and the stillness , break only by the occasional grunt or snuffle of a sleeping portrait , be unbearable to him . if his surroundings could have reflect the feeling inside him , the picture would have be scream in pain . he walk around the quiet , beautiful office , breathe quickly , try not to think . but he have to think . ... there be no escape . ... it be his fault Sirius have die ; it be all his fault . if he , Harry , have not be stupid enough to fall for Voldemort 's trick , if he have not be so convince that what he have see in his dream be real , if he have only open his mind to the possibility that Voldemort be , as Hermione have say , banking on Harry 's love of play the hero ... it be unbearable , he would not think about it , he could not stand it . ... there be a terrible hollow inside him he do not want to feel or examine , a dark hole where Sirius have be , where Sirius have vanish . he do not want to have to be alone with that great , silent space , he could not stand it - a picture behind him give a particularly loud grunt snore , and a cool voice say , " ah ... Harry Potter ... " Phineas Nigellus give a long yawn , stretch his arm as he watch Harry with shrewd , narrow eye . " and what bring you here in the early hour of the morning ? " say Phineas . " this office be suppose to be bar to all but the rightful headmaster . or have Dumbledore send you here ? oh , do n't tell me ... " he give another shudder yawn . " another message for my worthless great-great-grandson ? " Harry could not speak . Phineas Nigellus do not know that Sirius be dead , but Harry could not tell him . to say it aloud would be to make it final , absolute , irretrievable . a few more of the portrait have stir now . terror of be interrogate make Harry stride across the room and seize the doorknob . it would not turn . he be shut in . " I hope this means , " say the corpulent , red-nosed wizard who hang on the wall behind Dumbledore 's desk , " that Dumbledore will soon be back with us ? " Harry turn . the wizard be eye him with great interest . Harry nod . he tug again on the doorknob behind his back , but it remain immovable . " oh good , " say the wizard . " it have be very dull without him , very dull indeed . " he settle himself on the thronelike chair on which he have be paint and smile benignly upon Harry . " Dumbledore think very highly of you , as I be sure you know , " he say comfortably . " oh yes . hold you in great esteem . " the guilt fill the whole of Harry 's chest like some monstrous , weighty parasite now writhe and squirm . Harry could not stand this , he could not stand be Harry anymore . ... he have never feel more trapped inside his own head and body , never wish so intensely that he could be somebody -- anybody -- else . ... the empty fireplace burst into emerald-green flame , make Harry leap away from the door , stare at the man spin inside the grate . as Dumbledore 's tall form unfold itself from the fire , the wizard and witch on the surround wall jerk awake . many of them give cry of welcome . " thank you , " say Dumbledore softly . he do not look at Harry at first , but walk over to the perch beside the door and withdraw , from an inside pocket of his robe , the tiny , ugly , featherless Fawkes , whom he place gently on the tray of soft ash beneath the golden post where the full-grown Fawkes usually stand . " well , Harry , " say Dumbledore , finally turn away from the baby bird , " you will be please to hear that none of your fellow student be go to suffer lasting damage from the night 's event . " Harry try to say " good , " but no sound come out . it seem to him that Dumbledore be remind him of the amount of damage he have cause by his action tonight , and although Dumbledore be for once look at him directly , and though his expression be kindly rather than accusatory , Harry could not bear to meet his eye . " madam Pomfrey be patch everybody up now , " say Dumbledore . " Nymphadora Tonks may need to spend a little time in St. Mungo 's , but it seem that she will make a full recovery . " Harry content himself with nod at the carpet , which be grow light as the sky outside grow pale . he be sure that all the portrait around the room be listen eagerly to every word Dumbledore speak , wonder where Dumbledore and Harry have be and why there have be injury . " I know how you be feel , Harry , " say Dumbledore very quietly . " no , you do n't , " say Harry , and his voice be suddenly loud and strong . white-hot anger leap inside him . Dumbledore know nothing about his feeling . " you see , Dumbledore ? " say Phineas Nigellus slyly . " never try to understand the student . they hate it . they would much rather be tragically misunderstand , wallow in self-pity , stew in their own -- " " that be enough , Phineas , " say Dumbledore . Harry turn his back on Dumbledore and stare determinedly out of the opposite window . he could see the Quidditch stadium in the distance . Sirius have appear there once , disguise as the shaggy black dog , so he could watch Harry play . ... he have probably come to see whether Harry be as good as James have be . ... Harry have never ask him . ... " there be no shame in what you be feel , Harry , " say Dumbledore 's voice . " on the contrary ... the fact that you can feel pain like this be your great strength . " Harry feel the white-hot anger lick his inside , blaze in the terrible emptiness , fill him with the desire to hurt Dumbledore for his calmness and his empty word . " my great strength , be it ? " say Harry , his voice shake as he stare out at the Quidditch stadium , no longer see it . " you have n't get a clue . ... you do n't know ... " " what do n't I know ? " ask Dumbledore calmly . it be too much . Harry turn around , shake with rage . " I do n't want to talk about how I feel , all right ? " " Harry , suffer like this prove you be still a man ! this pain be part of be human -- " " Then -- I -- do N'T -- Want -- To -- Be -- Human ! " Harry roar , and he seize one of the delicate silver instrument from the spindle-legged table beside him and fling it across the room . it shatter into a hundred tiny piece against the wall . several of the picture let out yell of anger and fright , and the portrait of Armando Dippet say , " really ! " " I DO N'T CARE ! " Harry yell at them , snatch up a lunascope and throw it into the fireplace . " I 'VE Had Enough , I 'VE Seen Enough , I Want Out , I Want it To End , I do N'T CARE ANYMORE -- " he seize the table on which the silver instrument have stand and throw that too . it break apart on the floor and the leg roll in different direction . " you do care , " say Dumbledore . he have not flinch or make a single move to stop Harry demolish his office . his expression be calm , almost detach . " you care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it . " " I -- do N'T ! " Harry scream , so loudly that he feel his throat might tear , and for a second he want to rush at Dumbledore and break him too ; shatter that calm old face , shake him , hurt him , make him feel some tiny part of the horror inside Harry . " oh yes , you do , " say Dumbledore , still more calmly . " you have now lose your mother , your father , and the close thing to a parent you have ever know . of course you care . " " you DO N'T Know How I FEEL ! " Harry roar . " you -- Standing THERE -- you -- " but word be no longer enough , smashing thing be no more help . he want to run , he want to keep run and never look back , he want to be somewhere he could not see the clear blue eye stare at him , that hatefully calm old face . he run to the door , seize the doorknob again , and wrench at it . but the door would not open . Harry turn back to Dumbledore . " let me out , " he say . he be shake from head to foot . " no , " say Dumbledore simply . for a few second they stare at each other . " let me out , " Harry say again . " no , " Dumbledore repeat . " if you do n't -- if you keep me in here -- if you do n't let me -- " " by all mean continue destroy my possession , " say Dumbledore serenely . " I daresay I have too many . " he walk around his desk and sit down behind it , watch Harry . " let me out , " Harry say yet again , in a voice that be cold and almost as calm as Dumbledore 's . " not until I have have my say , " say Dumbledore . " do you -- do you think I want to -- do you think I give a -- I DO N'T CARE what you 'VE Got To Say ! " Harry roar . " I do n't want to hear anything you have get to say ! " " you will , " say Dumbledore sadly . " because you be not nearly as angry with me as you ought to be . if you be to attack me , as I know you be close to do , I would like to have thoroughly earn it . " " what be you talk -- ? " " it be my fault that Sirius die , " say Dumbledore clearly . " or I should say almost entirely my fault -- I will not be so arrogant as to claim responsibility for the whole . Sirius be a brave , clever , and energetic man , and such man be not usually content to sit at home in hide while they believe other to be in danger . nevertheless , you should never have believe for an instant that there be any necessity for you to go to the Department of Mysteries tonight . if I have be open with you , Harry , as I should have be , you would have know a long time ago that Voldemort might try and lure you to the Department of Mysteries , and you would never have be trick into go there tonight . and Sirius would not have have to come after you . that blame lie with me , and with me alone . " Harry be still stand with his hand on the doorknob but he be unaware of it . he be gaze at Dumbledore , hardly breathe , listen yet barely understand what he be hear . " please sit down , " say Dumbledore . it be not an order , it be a request . Harry hesitate , then walk slowly across the room now litter with silver cog and fragment of wood and take the seat face Dumbledore 's desk . " be I to understand , " say Phineas Nigellus slowly from Harry 's leave , " that my great-great-grandson -- the last of the black -- be dead ? " " yes , Phineas , " say Dumbledore . " I do n't believe it , " say Phineas brusquely . Harry turn his head in time to see Phineas march out of his portrait and know that he have go to visit his other painting in Grimmauld Place . he would walk , perhaps , from portrait to portrait , call for Sirius through the house . ... " Harry , I owe you an explanation , " say Dumbledore . " an explanation of an old man 's mistake . for I see now that what I have do , and not do , with regard to you , bear all the hallmark of the failing of age . youth can know how age think and feel . but old man be guilty if they forget what it be to be young ... and I seem to have forget lately . ... " the sun be rise properly now . there be a rim of dazzling orange visible over the mountain and the sky above it be colorless and bright . the light fall upon Dumbledore , upon the silver of his eyebrow and beard , upon the line gouge deeply into his face . " I guess , fifteen year ago , " say Dumbledore , " when I see the scar upon your forehead , what it might mean . I guess that it might be the sign of a connection forge between you and Voldemort . " " you have tell me this before , Professor , " say Harry bluntly . he do not care about be rude . he do not care about anything very much anymore . " yes , " say Dumbledore apologetically . " yes , but you see -- it be necessary to start with your scar . for it become apparent , shortly after you rejoin the magical world , that I be correct , and that your scar be give you warning when Voldemort be close to you , or else feel powerful emotion . " " I know , " say Harry wearily . " and this ability of yours -- to detect Voldemort 's presence , even when he be disguise , and to know what he be feel when his emotion be rouse -- have become more and more pronounced since Voldemort return to his own body and his full power . " Harry do not bother to nod . he know all of this already . " more recently , " say Dumbledore , " I become concerned that Voldemort might realize that this connection between you exist . sure enough , there come a time when you enter so far into his mind and thought that he sense your presence . I be speak , of course , of the night when you witness the attack on Mr. Weasley . " " yeah , Snape tell me , " Harry mutter . " Professor Snape , Harry , " Dumbledore correct him quietly . " but do you not wonder why it be not I who explain this to you ? why I do not teach you Occlumency ? why I have not so much as look at you for month ? " Harry look up . he could see now that Dumbledore look sad and tired . " yeah , " Harry mumble . " yeah , I wonder . " " you see , " continue Dumbledore heavily " I believe it could not be long before Voldemort attempt to force his way into your mind , to manipulate and misdirect your thought , and I be not eager to give him more incentive to do so . I be sure that if he realize that our relationship be -- or have ever be -- close than that of headmaster and pupil , he would seize his chance to use you as a mean to spy on me . I fear the use to which he would put you , the possibility that he might try and possess you . Harry , I believe I be right to think that Voldemort would have make use of you in such a way . on those rare occasion when we have close contact , I think I see a shadow of him stir behind your eye . ... I be try , in distance myself from you , to protect you . an old man 's mistake ... " Harry remember the feeling that a dormant snake have rise in him , ready to strike , on those occasion when he and Dumbledore make eye contact . " Voldemort 's aim in possess you , as he demonstrate tonight , would not have be my destruction . it would have be yours . he hope , when he possess you briefly a short while ago , that I would sacrifice you in the hope of kill him . " he sigh deeply . Harry be let the word wash over him . he would have be so interested to know all this a few month ago , and now it be meaningless compare to the gape chasm inside him that be the loss of Sirius , none of it matter ... " Sirius tell me that you feel Voldemort awake inside you the very night that you have the vision of Arthur Weasley 's attack . I know at once that my bad fear be correct : Voldemort from that point have realize he could use you . in an attempt to arm you against Voldemort 's assault on your mind , I arrange Occlumency lesson with Professor Snape . " he pause . Harry watch the sunlight , which be slide slowly across the polished surface of Dumbledore 's desk , illuminate a silver ink pot and a handsome scarlet quill . Harry could tell that the portrait all around them be awake and listen raptly to Dumbledore 's explanation . he could hear the occasional rustle of robe , the slight clearing of a throat . Phineas Nigellus have still not return . ... " Professor Snape discover , " Dumbledore resume , " that you have be dream about the door to the Department of Mysteries for month . Voldemort , of course , have be obsess with the possibility of hear the prophecy ever since he regain his body , and as he dwell on the door , so do you , though you do not know what it mean . " and then you see Rookwood , who work in the Department of Mysteries before his arrest , tell Voldemort what we have know all along -- that the prophecy hold in the Ministry of Magic be heavily protect . only the people to whom they refer can lift them from the shelf without suffer madness . in this case , either Voldemort himself would have to enter the Ministry of Magic and risk reveal himself at last -- or else you would have to take it for him . it become a matter of even great urgency that you should master Occlumency . " " but I do n't , " mutter Harry . he say it aloud to try and ease the dead weight of guilt inside him ; a confession must surely relieve some of the terrible pressure squeeze his heart . " I do n't practice , I do n't bother , I could have stop myself have those dream , Hermione keep tell me to do it , if I have he will never have be able to show me where to go , and -- Sirius would n't -- Sirius would n't -- " something be erupt inside Harry 's head : a need to justify himself , to explain - " I try to check he have really take Sirius , I go to Umbridge 's office , I speak to Kreacher in the fire , and he say Sirius be n't there , he say he have go ! " " Kreacher lie , " say Dumbledore calmly . " you be not his master , he could lie to you without even need to punish himself . Kreacher intend you to go to the Ministry of Magic . " " he -- he send me on purpose ? " " oh yes . Kreacher , I be afraid , have be serve more than one master for month . " " how ? " say Harry blankly . " he have n't be out of Grimmauld Place for year . " " Kreacher seize his opportunity shortly before Christmas , " say Dumbledore , " when Sirius , apparently , shout at him to ' get out . ' he take Sirius at his word and interpret this as an order to leave the house . he go to the only Black family member for whom he have any respect leave . ... Black 's cousin Narcissa , sister of Bellatrix and wife of Lucius Malfoy . " " how do you know all this ? " Harry say . his heart be beat very fast . he feel sick . he remember worry about Kreacher 's odd absence over Christmas , remember him turn up again in the attic . ... " Kreacher tell me last night , " say Dumbledore . " you see , when you give Professor Snape that cryptic warning , he realize that you have have a vision of Sirius trap in the bowel of the Department of Mysteries . he , like you , attempt to contact Sirius at once . I should explain that member of the order of the Phoenix have more reliable method of communicate than the fire in Dolores Umbridge 's office . Professor Snape find that Sirius be alive and safe in Grimmauld Place . " when , however , you do not return from your trip into the forest with Dolores Umbridge , Professor Snape grow worried that you still believe Sirius to be a captive of Lord Voldemort 's . he alert certain order member at once . " Dumbledore heave a great sigh and then say , " Alastor Moody , Nymphadora Tonks , Kingsley Shacklebolt , and Remus Lupin be at headquarters when he make contact . all agree to go to your aid at once . Professor Snape request that Sirius remain behind , as he need somebody to remain at headquarters to tell me what have happen , for I be due there at any moment . in the meantime he , Professor Snape , intend to search the forest for you . " but Sirius do not wish to remain behind while the other go to search for you . he delegate to Kreacher the task of tell me what have happen . and so it be that when I arrive in Grimmauld Place shortly after they have all leave for the Ministry , it be the elf who tell me -- laugh fit to burst -- where Sirius have go . " " he be laugh ? " say Harry in a hollow voice . " oh yes , " say Dumbledore . " you see , Kreacher be not able to betray us totally . he be not Secret-Keeper for the order , he could not give the Malfoys our whereabouts or tell them any of the order 's confidential plan that he have be forbid to reveal . he be bind by the enchantment of his kind , which be to say that he could not disobey a direct order from his master , Sirius . but he give Narcissa information of the sort that be very valuable to Voldemort , yet must have seem much too trivial for Sirius to think of ban him from repeat it . " " like what ? " say Harry . " like the fact that the person Sirius care most about in the world be you , " say Dumbledore quietly . " like the fact that you be come to regard Sirius as a mixture of father and brother . Voldemort know already , of course , that Sirius be in the order , that you know where he be -- but Kreacher 's information make him realize that the one person whom you would go to any length to rescue be Sirius Black . " Harry 's lip be cold and numb . " so ... when I ask Kreacher if Sirius be there last night ... " " the Malfoys -- undoubtedly on Voldemort 's instruction -- have tell him he must find a way of keep Sirius out of the way once you have see the vision of Sirius be torture . then , if you decide to check whether Sirius be at home or not , Kreacher would be able to pretend he be not . Kreacher injure Buckbeak the hippogriff yesterday , and at the moment when you make your appearance in the fire , Sirius be upstairs try to tend to him . " there seem to be very little air in Harry 's lung , his breathing be quick and shallow . " and Kreacher tell you all this ... and laugh ? " he croak . " he do not wish to tell me , " say Dumbledore . " but I be a sufficiently accomplished Legilimens myself to know when I be be lie to and I -- persuade him -- to tell me the full story , before I leave for the Department of Mysteries . " " and , " whisper Harry , his hand curl in cold fist on his knee , " and Hermione keep tell us to be nice to him -- " " she be quite right , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " I warn Sirius when we adopt twelve Grimmauld Place as our headquarters that Kreacher must be treat with kindness and respect . I also tell him that Kreacher could be dangerous to us . I do not think that Sirius take me very seriously , or that he ever see Kreacher as a being with feeling as acute as a human -- " " do n't you blame -- do n't you -- talk -- about Sirius like -- " Harry 's breath be constrict , he could not get the word out properly . but the rage that have subside so briefly have flare in him again ; he would not let Dumbledore criticize Sirius . " Kreacher be a lie -- foul -- he deserve -- " " Kreacher be what he have be make by wizard , Harry , " say Dumbledore . " yes , he be to be pity . his existence have be as miserable as your friend Dobby 's . he be force to do Sirius 's bidding , because Sirius be the last of the family to which he be enslave , but he feel no true loyalty to him . and whatever Kreacher 's fault , it must be admit that Sirius do nothing to make Kreacher 's lot easier -- " " do N'T TALK ABOUT SIRIUS Like THAT ! " Harry yell . he be on his foot again , furious , ready to fly at Dumbledore , who have plainly not understand Sirius at all , how brave he be , how much he have suffer ... " what about Snape ? " Harry spit . " you be not talk about him , be you ? when I tell him Voldemort have Sirius he just sneer at me as usual -- " " Harry , you know that Professor Snape have no choice but to pretend not to take you seriously in front of Dolores Umbridge , " say Dumbledore steadily , " but as I have explain , he inform the order as soon as possible about what you have say . it be he who deduce where you have go when you do not return from the forest . it be he too who give Professor Umbridge fake Veritaserum when she be attempt to force you to tell of Sirius 's whereabouts . ... " Harry disregard this ; he feel a savage pleasure in blame Snape , it seem to be ease his own sense of dreadful guilt , and he want to hear Dumbledore agree with him . " Snape -- Snape g-goaded Sirius about stay in the house -- he make out Sirius be a coward -- " " Sirius be much too old and clever to have allow such feeble taunt to hurt him , " say Dumbledore . " Snape stop give me Occlumency lesson ! " Harry snarl . " he throw me out of his office ! " " I be aware of it , " say Dumbledore heavily . " I have already say that it be a mistake for me not to teach you myself , though I be sure , at the time , that nothing could have be more dangerous than to open your mind even further to Voldemort while in my presence -- " " Snape make it bad , my scar always hurt bad after lesson with him -- " Harry remember Ron 's thought on the subject and plunge on . " how do you know he be n't try to soften me up for Voldemort , make it easy for him to get inside my -- " " I trust Severus Snape , " say Dumbledore simply . " but I forget -- another old man 's mistake -- that some wound run too deep for the healing . I think Professor Snape could overcome his feeling about your father -- I be wrong . " " but that be okay , be it ? " yell Harry , ignore the scandalize face and disapprove muttering of the portrait cover the wall . " it be okay for Snape to hate my dad , but it be not okay for Sirius to hate Kreacher ? " " Sirius do not hate Kreacher , " say Dumbledore . " he regard him as a servant unworthy of much interest or notice . indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike . ... the fountain we destroy tonight tell a lie . we wizard have mistreat and abuse our fellow for too long , and we be now reap our reward . " " so SIRIUS DESERVED what He Got , DID He ? " Harry yell . " I do not say that , nor will you ever hear me say it , " Dumbledore reply quietly . " Sirius be not a cruel man , he be kind to house-elves in general . he have no love for Kreacher , because Kreacher be a live reminder of the home Sirius have hate . " " yeah , he do hate it ! " say Harry , his voice cracking , turn his back on Dumbledore and walk away . the sun be bright inside the room now , and the eye of all the portrait follow him as he walk , without realize what he be do , without see the office at all . " you make him stay shut up in that house and he hate it , that be why he want to get out last night -- " " I be try to keep Sirius alive , " say Dumbledore quietly . " people do n't like be lock up ! " Harry say furiously , round on him . " you do it to me all last summer -- " Dumbledore close his eye and bury his face in his long-fingered hand . Harry watch him , but this uncharacteristic sign of exhaustion , or sadness , or whatever it be from Dumbledore , do not soften him . on the contrary , he feel even angry that Dumbledore be show sign of weakness . he have no business be weak when Harry want to rage and storm at him . Dumbledore lower his hand and survey Harry through his half-moon glass . " it be time , " he say , " for me to tell you what I should have tell you five year ago , Harry . please sit down . I be go to tell you everything . I ask only a little patience . you will have your chance to rage at me -- to do whatever you like -- when I have finish . I will not stop you . " Harry glare at him for a moment , then fling himself back into the chair opposite Dumbledore and wait . Dumbledore stare for a moment at the sunlit ground outside the window , then look back at Harry and say , " Five year ago you arrive at Hogwarts , Harry , safe and whole , as I have plan and intend . well -- not quite whole . you have suffer . I know you would when I leave you on your aunt and uncle 's doorstep . I know I be condemn you to ten dark and difficult year . " he pause . Harry say nothing . " you might ask -- and with good reason -- why it have to be so . why could some Wizarding family not have take you in ? many would have do so more than gladly , would have be honor and delight to raise you as a son . " my answer be that my priority be to keep you alive . you be in more danger than perhaps anyone but myself realize . Voldemort have be vanquish hour before , but his supporter -- and many of them be almost as terrible as he -- be still at large , angry , desperate , and violent . and I have to make my decision too with regard to the year ahead . do I believe that Voldemort be go forever ? No. I know not whether it would be ten , twenty , or fifty year before he return , but I be sure he would do so , and I be sure too , know him as I have do , that he would not rest until he kill you . " I know that Voldemort 's knowledge of magic be perhaps more extensive than any wizard alive . I know that even my most complex and powerful protective spell and charm be unlikely to be invincible if he ever return to full power . " but I know too where Voldemort be weak . and so I make my decision . you would be protect by an ancient magic of which he know , which he despise , and which he have always , therefore , underestimate -- to his cost . I be speak , of course , of the fact that your mother die to save you . she give you a linger protection he never expect , a protection that flow in your vein to this day . I put my trust , therefore , in your mother 's blood . I deliver you to her sister , her only remain relative . " " she do n't love me , " say Harry at once . " she do n't give a damn -- " " but she take you , " Dumbledore cut across him . " she may have take you grudgingly , furiously , unwillingly , bitterly , yet still she take you , and in do so , she seal the charm I place upon you . your mother 's sacrifice make the bond of blood the strong shield I could give you . " " I still do n't -- " " while you can still call home the place where your mother 's blood dwell , there you can be touch or harm by Voldemort . he shed her blood , but it live on in you and her sister . her blood become your refuge . you need return there only once a year , but as long as you can still call it home , there he can hurt you . your aunt know this . I explain what I have do in the letter I leave , with you , on her doorstep . she know that allow you houseroom may well have keep you alive for the past fifteen year . " " wait , " say Harry . " wait a moment . " he sit up straight in his chair , stare at Dumbledore . " you send that Howler . you tell her to remember -- it be your voice -- " " I think , " say Dumbledore , incline his head slightly , " that she might need remind of the pact she have seal by take you . I suspect the dementor attack might have awake her to the danger of have you as a surrogate son . " " it do , " say Harry quietly . " well -- my uncle more than her . he want to chuck me out , but after the Howler come she -- she say I have to stay . " he stare at the floor for a moment , then say , " but what be this get to do with ... " he could not say Sirius 's name . " five year ago , then , " continue Dumbledore , as though he have not pause in his story , " you arrive at Hogwarts , neither as happy nor as well nourish as I would have like , perhaps , yet alive and healthy . you be not a pamper little prince , but as normal a boy as I could have hope under the circumstance . thus far , my plan be work well . " and then ... well , you will remember the event of your first year at Hogwarts quite as clearly as I do . you rise magnificently to the challenge that face you , and sooner -- much sooner -- than I have anticipate , you find yourself face-to-face with Voldemort . you survive again . you do more . you delay his return to full power and strength . you fight a man 's fight . I be ... proud of you than I can say . " yet there be a flaw in this wonderful plan of mine , " say Dumbledore . " an obvious flaw that I know , even then , might be the undoing of it all . and yet , know how important it be that my plan should succeed , I tell myself that I would not permit this flaw to ruin it . I alone could prevent this , so I alone must be strong . and here be my first test , as you lie in the hospital wing , weak from your struggle with Voldemort . " " I do n't understand what you be say , " say Harry . " do n't you remember ask me , as you lie in the hospital wing , why Voldemort have try to kill you when you be a baby ? " Harry nod . " ought I to have tell you then ? " Harry stare into the blue eye and say nothing , but his heart be race again . " you do not see the flaw in the plan yet ? no ... perhaps not . well , as you know , I decide not to answer you . eleven , I tell myself , be much too young to know . I have never intend to tell you when you be eleven . the knowledge would be too much at such a young age . " I should have recognize the danger sign then . I should have ask myself why I do not feel more disturbed that you have already ask me the question to which I know , one day , I must give a terrible answer . I should have recognize that I be too happy to think that I do not have to do it on that particular day . ... you be too young , much too young . " and so we enter your second year at Hogwarts . and once again you meet challenge even grow wizard have never face . once again you acquit yourself beyond my wild dream . you do not ask me again , however , why Voldemort have leave that mark upon you . we discuss your scar , oh yes . ... we come very , very close to the subject . why do I not tell you everything ? " well , it seem to me that twelve be , after all , hardly good than eleven to receive such information . I allow you to leave my presence , bloodstained , exhaust but exhilarate , and if I feel a twinge of unease that I ought , perhaps , have tell you then , it be swiftly silence . you be still so young , you see , and I could not find it in me to spoil that night of triumph . ... " do you see , Harry ? do you see the flaw in my brilliant plan now ? I have fall into the trap I have foresee , that I have tell myself I could avoid , that I must avoid . " " I do n't -- " " I care about you too much , " say Dumbledore simply . " I care more for your happiness than your know the truth , more for your peace of mind than my plan , more for your life than the life that might be lose if the plan fail . in other word , I act exactly as Voldemort expect we fool who love to act . " be there a defense ? I defy anyone who have watch you as I have -- and I have watch you more closely than you can have imagine -- not to want to save you more pain than you have already suffer . what do I care if number of nameless and faceless people and creature be slaughter in the vague future , if in the here and now you be alive , and well , and happy ? I never dream that I would have such a person on my hand . " we enter your third year . I watch from afar as you struggle to repel dementors , as you find Sirius , learn what he be and rescue him . be I to tell you then , at the moment when you have triumphantly snatch your godfather from the jaw of the Ministry ? but now , at the age of thirteen , my excuse be run out . young you might be , but you have prove you be exceptional . my conscience be uneasy , Harry . I know the time must come soon . ... " but you come out of the maze last year , have watch Cedric Diggory die , have escape death so narrowly yourself ... and I do not tell you , though I know , now Voldemort have return , I must do it soon . and now , tonight , I know you have long be ready for the knowledge I have keep from you for so long , because you have prove that I should have place the burden upon you before this . my only defense be this : I have watch you struggling under more burden than any student who have ever pass through this school , and I could not bring myself to add another -- the great one of all . " Harry wait , but Dumbledore do not speak . " I still do n't understand . " " Voldemort try to kill you when you be a child because of a prophecy make shortly before your birth . he know the prophecy have be make , though he do not know its full content . he set out to kill you when you be still a baby , believe he be fulfill the term of the prophecy . he discover , to his cost , that he be mistaken , when the curse intend to kill you backfire . and so , since his return to his body , and particularly since your extraordinary escape from him last year , he have be determine to hear that prophecy in its entirety . this be the weapon he have be seek so assiduously since his return : the knowledge of how to destroy you . " the sun have rise fully now . Dumbledore 's office be bath in it . the glass case in which the sword of Godric Gryffindor reside gleam white and opaque , the fragment of the instrument Harry have throw to the floor glisten like raindrop , and behind him , the baby Fawkes make soft chirrup noise in his nest of ash . " the prophecy be smash , " Harry say blankly . " I be pull Neville up those bench in the -- the room where the archway be , and I rip his robe and it fall . ... " " the thing that smash be merely the record of the prophecy keep by the Department of Mysteries . but the prophecy be make to somebody , and that person have the means of recall it perfectly . " " who hear it ? " ask Harry , though he think he know the answer already . " I do , " say Dumbledore . " on a cold , wet night sixteen year ago , in a room above the bar at the Hog 's Head Inn . I have go there to see an applicant for the post of Divination teacher , though it be against my inclination to allow the subject of Divination to continue at all . the applicant , however , be the great-great-granddaughter of a very famous , very gifted seer , and I think it common politeness to meet her . I be disappoint . it seem to me that she have not a trace of the gift herself . I tell her , courteously I hope , that I do not think she would be suitable for the post . I turn to leave . " Dumbledore get to his foot and walk past Harry to the black cabinet that stand beside Fawkes 's perch . he bend down , slide back a catch , and take from inside it the shallow stone basin , carve with rune around the edge , in which Harry have see his father torment Snape . Dumbledore walk back to the desk , place the Pensieve upon it , and raise his wand to his own temple . from it , he withdraw silvery , gossamer-fine strand of thought cling to the wand , and deposit them in the basin . he sit back down behind his desk and watch his thought swirl and drift inside the Pensieve for a moment . then , with a sigh , he raise his wand and prod the silvery substance with its tip . a figure rise out of it , drape in shawl , her eye magnify to enormous size behind her glass , and she revolve slowly , her foot in the basin . but when Sibyll Trelawney speak , it be not in her usual ethereal , mystic voice , but in the harsh , hoarse tone Harry have hear her use once before . " the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approach . ... bear to those who have thrice defy him , bear as the seventh month die ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal , but he will have power the Dark Lord know not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survive . ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be bear as the seventh month die . ... " the slowly revolving Professor Trelawney sink back into the silver mass below and vanish . the silence within the office be absolute . neither Dumbledore nor Harry nor any of the portrait make a sound . even Fawkes have fall silent . " Professor Dumbledore ? " Harry say very quietly , for Dumbledore , still stare at the Pensieve , seem completely lose in thought . " it ... do that mean ... what do that mean ? " " it mean , " say Dumbledore , " that the person who have the only chance of conquer Lord Voldemort for good be bear at the end of July , nearly sixteen year ago . this boy would be bear to parent who have already defy Voldemort three time . " Harry feel as though something be close in upon him . his breathing seem difficult again . " it mean -- me ? " Dumbledore survey him for a moment through his glass . " the odd thing be , Harry , " he say softly , " that it may not have mean you at all . Sibyll 's prophecy could have apply to two wizard boy , both bear at the end of July that year , both of whom have parent in the order of the Phoenix , both set of parent have narrowly escape Voldemort three time . one , of course , be you . the other be Neville Longbottom . " " but then ... but then , why be it my name on the prophecy and not Neville 's ? " " the official record be relabel after Voldemort 's attack on you as a child , " say Dumbledore . " it seem plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy that Voldemort could only have try to kill you because he know you to be the one to whom Sibyll be refer . " " then -- it might not be me ? " say Harry . " I be afraid , " say Dumbledore slowly , look as though every word cost him a great effort , " that there be no doubt that it be you . " " but you say -- Neville be bear at the end of July too -- and his mum and dad -- " " you be forget the next part of the prophecy , the final identify feature of the boy who could vanquish Voldemort . ... Voldemort himself would ' mark him as his equal . ' and so he do , Harry . he choose you , not Neville . he give you the scar that have prove both blessing and curse . " " but he might have choose wrong ! " say Harry . " he might have mark the wrong person ! " " he choose the boy he think most likely to be a danger to him , " say Dumbledore . " and notice this , Harry . he choose , not the pureblood ( which , accord to his creed , be the only kind of wizard worth being or knowing ) , but the half-blood , like himself . he see himself in you before he have ever see you , and in mark you with that scar , he do not kill you , as he intend , but give you power , and a future , which have fit you to escape him not once , but four time so far -- something that neither your parent , nor Neville 's parent , ever achieve . " " why do he do it , then ? " say Harry , who feel numb and cold . " why do he try and kill me as a baby ? he should have wait to see whether Neville or I look more dangerous when we be old and try to kill whoever it be then -- " " that might , indeed , have be the more practical course , " say Dumbledore , " except that Voldemort 's information about the prophecy be incomplete . the Hog 's Head Inn , which Sibyll choose for its cheapness , have long attract , shall we say , a more interesting clientele than the three Broomsticks . as you and your friend find out to your cost , and I to mine that night , it be a place where it be never safe to assume you be not be overhear . of course , I have not dream , when I set out to meet Sibyll Trelawney , that I would hear anything worth overhear . my -- our -- one stroke of good fortune be that the eavesdropper be detect only a short way into the prophecy and throw from the building . " " so he only hear ... ? " " he hear only the first part , the part foretell the birth of a boy in July to parent who have thrice defy Voldemort . consequently , he could not warn his master that to attack you would be to risk transfer power to you -- again mark you as his equal . so Voldemort never know that there might be danger in attack you , that it might be wise to wait or to learn more . he do not know that you would have ' power the Dark Lord know not ' -- " " but I do n't ! " say Harry in a strangle voice . " I have n't any power he have n't get , I could n't fight the way he do tonight , I ca n't possess people or -- or kill them -- " " there be a room in the Department of Mysteries , " interrupt Dumbledore , " that be keep lock at all time . it contain a force that be at once more wonderful and more terrible than death , than human intelligence , than force of nature . it be also , perhaps , the most mysterious of the many subject for study that reside there . it be the power hold within that room that you possess in such quantity and which Voldemort have not at all . that power take you to save Sirius tonight . that power also save you from possession by Voldemort , because he could not bear to reside in a body so full of the force he detest . in the end , it matter not that you could not close your mind . it be your heart that save you . " Harry close his eye . if he have not go to save Sirius , Sirius would not have die . ... more to stave off the moment when he would have to think of Sirius again , Harry ask , without care much about the answer , " the end of the prophecy ... it be something about ... ' neither can live . ... ' " " ' ... while the other survive , ' " say Dumbledore . " so , " say Harry , dredge up the word from what feel like a deep well of despair inside him , " so do that mean that ... that one of us have get to kill the other one ... in the end ? " " yes , " say Dumbledore . for a long time , neither of them speak . somewhere far beyond the office wall , Harry could hear the sound of voice , student head down to the Great Hall for an early breakfast , perhaps . it seem impossible that there could be people in the world who still desire food , who laugh , who neither know nor care that Sirius Black be go forever . Sirius seem a million mile away already , even if a part of Harry still believe that if he have only pull back that veil , he would have find Sirius look back at him , greet him , perhaps , with his laugh like a bark . ... " I feel I owe you another explanation , Harry , " say Dumbledore hesitantly . " you may , perhaps , have wonder why I never choose you as a prefect ? I must confess ... that I rather think ... you have enough responsibility to be go on with . " Harry look up at him and see a tear trickle down Dumbledore 's face into his long silver beard . the Second War Begins in a brief statement Friday night , Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge confirm that He-Who-Must-Not-Be Named have return to this country and be active once more . " it be with great regret that I must confirm that the wizard styling himself Lord -- well , you know who I mean -- be alive and among us again , " say Fudge , look tired and fluster as he address reporter . " it be with almost equal regret that we report the mass revolt of the dementors of Azkaban , who have show themselves averse to continue in the Ministry 's employ . we believe that the dementors be currently take direction from Lord -- Thingy . " we urge the magical population to remain vigilant . the Ministry be currently publish guide to elementary home and personal defense that will be deliver free to all Wizarding home within the come month . " the Minister 's statement be meet with dismay and alarm from the Wizarding community , which as recently as last Wednesday be receive Ministry assurance that there be " no truth whatsoever in these persistent rumor that You-Know-Who be operate amongst us once more . " detail of the event that lead to the Ministry turnaround be still hazy , though it be believe that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and a select band of follower ( know as Death Eaters ) gain entry to the Ministry of Magic itself on Thursday evening . Albus Dumbledore , newly reinstate headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , reinstate member of the International Confederation of Wizards , and reinstate Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot , be unavailable for comment last night . he have insist for a year that You-Know-Who be not dead , as be widely hope and believe , but recruit follower once more for a fresh attempt to seize power . meanwhile the Boy who live - " there you be , Harry , I know they will drag you into it somehow , " say Hermione , look over the top of the paper at him . they be in the hospital wing . Harry be sit on the end of Ron 's bed and they be both listening to Hermione read the front page of the Sunday Prophet . Ginny , whose ankle have be mend in a trice by Madam Pomfrey , be curl up at the foot of Hermione 's bed ; Neville , whose nose have likewise be return to its normal size and shape , be in a chair between the two bed ; and Luna , who have drop in to visit clutch the late edition of the Quibbler , be read the magazine upside down and apparently not take in a word Hermione be say . " he be ' the Boy who Lived ' again now , though , be n't he ? " say Ron darkly . " not such a show-off maniac anymore , eh ? " he help himself to a handful of chocolate frog from the immense pile on his bedside cabinet , throw a few to Harry , Ginny , and Neville , and rip off the wrapper of his own with his tooth . there be still deep welt on his forearm where the brain 's tentacle have wrap around him . accord to Madam Pomfrey , thought could leave deep scar than almost anything else , though since she have start apply copious amount of Dr. Ubbly 's oblivious unction , there seem to be some improvement . " yes , they be very complimentary about you now , Harry , " say Hermione , now scan down the article . " ' a lone voice of truth ... perceive as unbalance , yet never waver in his story ... force to bear ridicule and slander ... ' hmmm , " say Hermione , frown , " I notice they do n't mention the fact that it be them do all the ridicule and slander , though . ... " she wince slightly and put a hand to her rib . the curse Dolohov have use on her , though less effective than it would have be have he be able to say the incantation aloud , have nevertheless cause , in Madam Pomfrey 's word , " quite enough damage to be go on with . " Hermione be have to take ten different type of potion every day and although she be improve greatly , be already bore with the hospital wing . " ' You-Know-Who 's last attempt to take over , page two to four , what the Ministry Should Have Told U , page five , why nobody Listened to Albus Dumbledore , page six to eight , Exclusive Interview with Harry Potter , page nine ... ' well , " say Hermione , fold up the newspaper and throw it aside , " it be certainly give them lot to write about . and that interview with Harry be n't exclusive , it be the one that be in the Quibbler month ago . ... " " Daddy sell it to them , " say Luna vaguely , turn a page of the Quibbler . " he get a very good price for it too , so we be go to go on an expedition to Sweden this summer and see if we can catch a Crumple-Horned Snorkack . " Hermione seem to struggle with herself for a moment , then say , " that sound lovely . " Ginny catch Harry 's eye and look away quickly , grin . " so anyway , " say Hermione , sit up a little straight and wince again , " what be go on in school ? " " well , Flitwick 's get rid of Fred and George 's swamp , " say Ginny . " he do it in about three second . but he leave a tiny patch under the window and he have rope it off -- " " why ? " say Hermione , look startle . " oh , he just say it be a really good bit of magic , " say Ginny , shrug . " I think he leave it as a monument to Fred and George , " say Ron through a mouthful of chocolate . " they send me all these , you know , " he tell Harry , point at the small mountain of Frogs beside him . " must be do all right out of that joke shop , eh ? " Hermione look rather disapprove and ask , " so have all the trouble stop now Dumbledore 's back ? " " yes , " say Neville , " everything be settle right back down again . " " I s'pose Filch be happy , be he ? " ask Ron , prop a chocolate Frog card feature Dumbledore against his water jug . " not at all , " say Ginny . " he be really , really miserable , actually . ... " she lower her voice to a whisper . " he keep say Umbridge be the good thing that ever happen to Hogwarts . ... " all six of them look around . Professor Umbridge be lie in a bed opposite them , gaze up at the ceiling . Dumbledore have stride alone into the forest to rescue her from the centaur . how he have do it -- how he have emerge from the tree support Professor Umbridge without so much as a scratch on him -- nobody know , and Umbridge be certainly not tell . since she have return to the castle she have not , as far as any of them know , utter a single word . nobody really know what be wrong with her either . her usually neat mousy hair be very untidy and there be bit of twig and leaf in it , but otherwise she seem to be quite unscathed . " madam Pomfrey say she be just in shock , " whisper Hermione . " sulk , more like , " say Ginny " Yeah , she show sign of life if you do this , " say Ron , and with his tongue he make soft clip-clopping noise . Umbridge sit bolt upright , look wildly around . " anything wrong , Professor ? " call Madam Pomfrey , poke her head around her office door . " no ... no ... " say Umbridge , sink back into her pillow , " no , I must have be dream . ... " Hermione and Ginny muffle their laughter in the bedclothes . " speak of centaur , " say Hermione , when she have recover a little , " who be divination teacher now ? be Firenze staying ? " " he be get to , " say Harry , " the other centaur wo n't take him back , will they ? " " it look like he and Trelawney be both go to teach , " say Ginny . " Bet Dumbledore wish he could have get rid of Trelawney for good , " say Ron , now munch on his fourteenth Frog . " mind you , the whole subject useless if you ask me , Firenze be n't a lot well . ... " " how can you say that ? " Hermione demand . " after we have just find out that there be real prophecy ? " Harry 's heart begin to race . he have not tell Ron , Hermione , or anyone else what the prophecy have contain . Neville have tell them it have smash while Harry be pull him up the step in the Death Room , and Harry have not yet correct this impression . he be not ready to see their expression when he tell them that he must be either murderer or victim , there be no other way . ... " it be a pity it break , " say Hermione quietly , shake her head . " yeah , it be , " say Ron . " still , at least You-Know-Who never find out what be in it either -- where be you go ? " he add , look both surprise and disappoint as Harry stand up . " er -- Hagrid 's , " say Harry . " you know , he just get back and I promise I will go down and see him and tell him how you two be . ... " " oh all right then , " say Ron grumpily , look out of the dormitory window at the patch of bright blue sky beyond . " wish we could come ... " " say hello to him for us ! " call Hermione , as Harry proceed down the ward . " and ask him what be happen about ... about his little friend ! " Harry give a wave of his hand to show he have hear and understand as he leave the dormitory . the castle seem very quiet even for a Sunday . everybody be clearly out in the sunny ground , enjoy the end of their exam and the prospect of a last few day of term unhamper by study or homework . Harry walk slowly along the desert corridor , peer out of window as he go . he could see people mess around in the air over the Quidditch pitch and a couple of student swim in the lake , accompany by the giant squid . he be find it hard at the moment to decide whether he want to be with people or not . whenever he be in company he want to get away , and whenever he be alone he want company . he think he might really go and visit Hagrid , though ; he have not talk to him properly since he have return . ... Harry have just descend the last marble step into the entrance hall when Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle emerge from a door on the right that Harry know lead down to the Slytherin common room . Harry stop dead ; so do Malfoy and the other . for a few moment , the only sound be the shout , laughter , and splash drift into the hall from the ground through the open front door . Malfoy glance around . Harry know he be check for sign of teacher . then he look back at Harry and say in a low voice , " you be dead , Potter . " Harry raise his eyebrow . " funny , " he say , " you will think I will have stop walk around . ... " Malfoy look angry than Harry have ever see him . he feel a kind of detached satisfaction at the sight of his pale , pointed face contort with rage . " you be go to pay , " say Malfoy in a voice barely louder than a whisper . " I be go to make you pay for what you have do to my father . ... " " well , I be terrify now , " say Harry sarcastically . " I s'pose Lord Voldemort be just a warm-up act compare to you three -- what be the matter ? " he say , for Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle have all look strike at the sound of the name . " he be your dad 's mate , be n't he ? not scared of him , be you ? " " you think you be such a big man , Potter , " say Malfoy , advance now , Crabbe and Goyle flank him . " you wait . I will have you . you ca n't land my father in prison -- " " I think I just have , " say Harry . " the dementors have leave Azkaban , " say Malfoy quietly . " Dad and the other will be out in no time . ... " " Yeah , I expect they will , " say Harry . " still , at least everyone know what scumbags they be now -- " Malfoy 's hand fly toward his wand , but Harry be too quick for him . he have draw his own wand before Malfoy 's finger have even enter the pocket of his robe . " Potter ! " the voice ring across the entrance hall ; Snape have emerge from the staircase lead down to his office , and at the sight of him Harry feel a great rush of hatred beyond anything he feel toward Malfoy . ... whatever Dumbledore say , he would never forgive Snape ... never ... " what be you do , Potter ? " say Snape coldly as ever , as he stride over to the four of them . " I be try to decide what curse to use on Malfoy , sir , " say Harry fiercely . Snape stare at him . " put that wand away at once , " he say curtly . " ten point from Gryff -- " Snape look toward the giant hourglass on the wall and give a sneering smile . " ah . I see there be no long any point leave in the Gryffindor hourglass to take away . in that case , Potter , we will simply have to -- " " add some more ? " Professor McGonagall have just stump up the stone step into the castle . she be carry a tartan carpetbag in one hand and lean heavily on a walk stick with her other , but otherwise look quite well . " Professor McGonagall ! " say Snape , stride forward . " out of St. Mungo 's , I see ! " " yes , Professor Snape , " say Professor McGonagall , shrug off her travel cloak , " I be quite as good as new . you two -- Crabbe -- Goyle -- " she beckon them forward imperiously and they come , shuffle their large foot and look awkward . " here , " say Professor McGonagall , thrust her carpetbag into Crabbe 's chest and her cloak into Goyle 's , " take these up to my office for me . " they turn and stump away up the marble staircase . " right then , " say Professor McGonagall , look up at the hourglass on the wall , " well , I think Potter and his friend ought to have fifty point apiece for alert the world to the return of You-Know-Who ! what say you , Professor Snape ? " " what ? " snap Snape , though Harry know he have hear perfectly well . " oh -- well -- I suppose ... " " so that be fifty each for Potter , the two Weasleys , Longbottom , and Miss Granger , " say Professor McGonagall , and a shower of ruby fall down into the bottom bulb of Gryffindor 's hourglass as she speak . " oh -- and fifty for Miss Lovegood , I suppose , " she add , and a number of sapphire fall into Ravenclaw 's glass . " now , you want to take ten from Mr. Potter , I think , Professor Snape -- so there we be . ... " a few ruby retreat into the upper bulb , leave a respectable amount below nevertheless . " well , Potter , Malfoy , I think you ought to be outside on a glorious day like this , " Professor McGonagall continue briskly . Harry do not need tell twice . he thrust his wand back inside his robe and head straight for the front door without another glance at Snape and Malfoy . the hot sun hit him with a blast as he walk across the lawn toward Hagrid 's cabin . student lie around on the grass sunbathe , talk , read the Sunday Prophet , and eat sweet look up at him as he pass . some call out to him , or else wave , clearly eager to show that they , like the Prophet , have decide he be something of a hero . Harry say nothing to any of them . he have no idea how much they know of what have happen three day ago , but he have so far avoid be question and prefer it that way . he think at first when he knock on Hagrid 's cabin door that he be out , but then Fang come charge around the corner and almost bowl him over with the enthusiasm of his welcome . Hagrid , it transpire , be pick runner bean in his back garden . " all righ ' , Harry ! " he say , beam , when Harry approach the fence . " come in , come in , we will have a cup o ' dandelion juice . ... " how be thing ? " Hagrid ask him , as they settle down at his wooden table with a glass apiece of iced juice . " you -- er -- feelin ' all righ ' , be yeh ? " Harry know from the look of concern on Hagrid 's face that he be not refer to Harry 's physical well-being . " I be fine , " Harry say quickly , because he could not bear to discuss the thing that he know be in Hagrid 's mind . " so , where have you be ? " " bin hidin ' out in the mountain , " say Hagrid . " up in a cave , like Sirius do when he -- " Hagrid break off , clear his throat gruffly , look at Harry , and take a long draft of juice . " anyway , back now , " he say feebly . " you -- you look good , " say Harry , who be determine to keep the conversation move away from Sirius . " Wha ? " say Hagrid , raise a massive hand and feel his face . " oh -- oh yeah . well , Grawpy 's load well behave now , load . seem right pleased ter see me when I get back , ter tell yeh the truth . he be a good lad , really . ... I have bin thinkin ' abou ' tryin ' ter find him a lady friend , actually . ... " Harry would normally have try to persuade Hagrid out of this idea at once . the prospect of a second giant take up residence in the forest , possibly even wild and more brutal than Grawp , be positively alarming , but somehow Harry could not muster the energy necessary to argue the point . he be start to wish he be alone again , and with the idea of hasten his departure he take several large gulp of his dandelion juice , half empty his glass . " Ev'ryone know you have bin tellin ' the truth now , Harry , " say Hagrid softly and unexpectedly . " tha 's gotta be good , hasn ' it ? " Harry shrug . " look ... " Hagrid lean toward him across the table , " I know Sirius longer ' n you do . ... he die in battle , an ' tha be the way he will have want ter go -- " " he do n't want to go at all ! " say Harry angrily . Hagrid bow his great shaggy head . " Nah , I don ' reckon he do , " he say quietly . " but still , Harry ... he be never one ter sit around at home an ' let other people do the fightin ' . he couldn ' have live with himself if he hadn ' go ter help -- " Harry leap up again . " I have get to go and visit Ron and Hermione in the hospital wing , " he say mechanically . " oh , " say Hagrid , look rather upset . " oh ... all righ then , Harry ... take care of yerself then , an ' drop back in if yeh have get a mo . ... " " Yeah ... right ... " Harry cross to the door as fast as he could and pull it open . he be out in the sunshine again before Hagrid have finish say goodbye and walk away across the lawn . once again , people call out to him as he pass . he close his eye for a few moment , wish they would all vanish , that he could open his eye and find himself alone in the ground . ... a few day ago , before his exam have finish and he have see the vision Voldemort have plant in his mind , he would have give almost anything for the Wizarding world to know that he have be tell the truth , for them to believe that Voldemort be back and know that he be neither a liar nor mad . now , however ... he walk a short way around the lake , sit down on its bank , shelter from the gaze of passerby behind a tangle of shrub , and stare out over the gleam water , think . ... perhaps the reason he want to be alone be because he have feel isolate from everybody since his talk with Dumbledore . an invisible barrier separate him from the rest of the world . he be -- he have always be -- a marked man . it be just that he have never really understand what that mean . ... and yet sit here on the edge of the lake , with the terrible weight of grief drag at him , with the loss of Sirius so raw and fresh inside , he could not muster any great sense of fear . it be sunny and the ground around him be full of laugh people , and even though he feel as distant from them as though he belong to a different race , it be still very hard to believe as he sit here that his life must include , or end in , murder . ... he sit there for a long time , gaze out at the water , try not to think about his godfather or to remember that it be directly across from here , on the opposite bank , that Sirius have collapse try to fend off a hundred dementors . ... the sun have fall before he realize that he be cold . he get up and return to the castle , wipe his face on his sleeve as he go . Ron and Hermione leave the hospital wing completely cure three day before the end of term . Hermione show sign of want to talk about Sirius , but Ron tend to make hush noise every time she mention his name . Harry be not sure whether or not he want to talk about his godfather yet ; his wish vary with his mood . he know one thing , though : unhappy as he feel at the moment , he would greatly miss Hogwarts in a few day ' time when he be back at number four , Privet Drive . even though he now understand exactly why he have to return there every summer , he do not feel any good about it . indeed , he have never dread his return more . Professor Umbridge leave Hogwarts the day before the end of term . it seem that she have creep out of the hospital wing during dinnertime , evidently hope to depart undetected , but unfortunately for her , she meet Peeves on the way , who seize his last chance to do as Fred have instruct and chase her gleefully from the premise , whack her alternately with a walk stick and a sock full of chalk . many student run out into the entrance hall to watch her run away down the path , and the Heads of Houses try only halfheartedly to restrain their pupil . indeed , Professor McGonagall sink back into her chair at the staff table after a few feeble remonstrance and be clearly hear to express a regret that she could not run cheer after Umbridge herself , because Peeves have borrow her walk stick . their last evening at school arrive ; most people have finish packing and be already head down to the end-of-term feast , but Harry have not even start . " just do it tomorrow ! " say Ron , who be wait by the door of their dormitory . " come on , I be starve . ... " " I wo n't be long . ... look , you go ahead . ... " but when the dormitory door close behind Ron , Harry make no effort to speed up his packing . the very last thing he want to do be to attend the end-of-term feast . he be worry that Dumbledore would make some reference to him in his speech . he be sure to mention Voldemort 's return ; he have talk to them about it last year , after all . ... Harry pull some crumpled robe out of the very bottom of his trunk to make way for fold one and , as he do so , notice a badly wrap package lie in a corner of it . he could not think what it be do there . he bend down , pull it out from underneath his trainer , and examine it . he realize what it be within second . Sirius have give it to him just inside the front door of twelve Grimmauld Place . use it if you need me , all right ? Harry sink down onto his bed and unwrap the package . out fall a small , square mirror . it look old ; it be certainly dirty . Harry hold it up to his face and see his own reflection look back at him . he turn the mirror over . there on the reverse side be a scribble note from Sirius . this be a two-way mirror . I have get the other . if you need to speak to me , just say my name into it ; you will appear in my mirror and I will be able to talk in yours . James and I use to use them when we be in separate detention . and Harry 's heart begin to race . he remember see his dead parent in the Mirror of Erised four year ago . he be go to be able to talk to Sirius again , right now , he know it - he look around to make sure there be nobody else there ; the dormitory be quite empty . he look back at the mirror , raise it in front of his face with tremble hand , and say , loudly and clearly , " Sirius . " his breath mist the surface of the glass . he hold the mirror even closer , excitement flooding through him , but the eye blink back at him through the fog be definitely his own . he wipe the mirror clear again and say , so that every syllable ring clearly through the room , " Sirius Black ! " nothing happen . the frustrated face look back out of the mirror be still , definitely , his own . ... Sirius do n't have his mirror on him when he go through the archway , say a small voice in Harry 's head . that be why it be not work . ... Harry remain quite still for a moment , then hurl the mirror back into the trunk where it shatter . he have be convince , for a whole , shine minute , that he be go to see Sirius , talk to him again . ... Disappointment be burn in his throat . he get up and begin throw his thing pell-mell into the trunk on top of the break mirror - but then an idea strike him . ... a good idea than a mirror ... a much big , more important idea ... how have he never think of it before -- why have he never ask ? he be sprint out of the dormitory and down the spiral staircase , hit the wall as he run and barely notice . he hurtle across the empty common room , through the portrait hole and off along the corridor , ignore the Fat Lady , who call after him , " the feast be about to start , you know , you be cut it very fine ! " but Harry have no intention of go to the feast ... how could it be that the place be full of ghost whenever you do n't need one , yet now ... he run down staircase and along corridor and meet nobody either alive or dead . they be all , clearly , in the Great Hall . outside his Charms classroom he come to a halt , pant and think disconsolately that he would have to wait until later , until after the end of the feast ... but just as he have give up hope he see it -- a translucent somebody drift across the end of the corridor . " hey -- hey Nick ! nick ! " the ghost stick its head back out of the wall , reveal the extravagantly plume hat and dangerously wobble head of Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington . " good evening , " he say , withdraw the rest of his body from the solid stone and smile at Harry . " I be not the only one who be late , then ? though , " he sigh , " in rather different sense , of course ... " " Nick , can I ask you something ? " a most peculiar expression steal over nearly Headless Nick 's face as he insert a finger in the stiff ruff at his neck and tug it a little straight , apparently to give himself think time . he desist only when his partially sever neck seem about to give way completely . " er -- now , Harry ? " say Nick , look discomfort . " can n't it wait until after the feast ? " " no -- Nick -- please , " say Harry , " I really need to talk to you . can we go in here ? " Harry open the door of the near classroom and nearly Headless Nick sigh . " oh very well , " he say , look resign . " I ca n't pretend I have n't be expect it . " Harry be hold the door open for him , but he drift through the wall instead . " expect what ? " Harry ask , as he close the door . " you to come and find me , " say Nick , now glide over to the window and look out at the darken ground . " it happen , sometimes ... when somebody have suffer a ... loss . " " well , " say Harry , refuse to be deflect . " you be right , I have -- I have come to find you . " Nick say nothing . " it be -- " say Harry , who be find this more awkward than he have anticipate , " it be just -- you be dead . but you be still here , be n't you ? " Nick sigh and continue to gaze out at the ground . " that be right , be n't it ? " Harry urge him . " you die , but I be talk to you . ... you can walk around Hogwarts and everything , ca n't you ? " " yes , " say nearly Headless Nick quietly , " I walk and talk , yes . " " so , you come back , do n't you ? " say Harry urgently . " people can come back , right ? as ghost . they do n't have to disappear completely . well ? " he add impatiently , when Nick continue to say nothing . nearly Headless Nick hesitate , then say , " not everyone can come back as a ghost . " " what d'you mean ? " say Harry quickly . " only ... only wizard . " " oh , " say Harry , and he almost laugh with relief . " well , that be okay then , the person I be ask about be a wizard . so he can come back , right ? " Nick turn away from the window and look mournfully at Harry . " he wo n't come back . " " who ? " " Sirius Black , " say Nick . " but you do ! " say Harry angrily . " you come back -- you be dead and you do n't disappear -- " " Wizards can leave an imprint of themselves upon the earth , to walk palely where their live self once tread , " say Nick miserably . " but very few wizard choose that path . " " why not ? " say Harry . " anyway -- it do n't matter -- Sirius wo n't care if it be unusual , he will come back , I know he will ! " and so strong be his belief that Harry actually turn his head to check the door , sure , for a split second , that he be go to see Sirius , pearly white and transparent but beaming , walk through it toward him . " he will not come back , " repeat Nick quietly . " he will have ... go on . " " what d'you mean , ' go on ' ? " say Harry quickly . " go on where ? listen -- what happen when you die , anyway ? where do you go ? why do n't everyone come back ? why be n't this place full of ghost ? why -- ? " " I can answer , " say Nick . " you be dead , be n't you ? " say Harry exasperatedly . " who can answer good than you ? " " I be afraid of death , " say Nick . " I choose to remain behind . I sometimes wonder whether I ought n't to have ... well , that be neither here nor there . ... in fact , I be neither here nor there . ... " he give a small sad chuckle . " I know nothing of the secret of death , Harry , for I choose my feeble imitation of life instead . I believe learn wizard study the matter in the Department of Mysteries -- " " do n't talk to me about that place ! " say Harry fiercely . " I be sorry not to have be more help , " say Nick gently . " well ... well , do excuse me ... the feast , you know ... " and he leave the room , leave Harry there alone , gaze blankly at the wall through which Nick have disappear . Harry feel almost as though he have lose his godfather all over again in lose the hope that he might be able to see or speak to him once more . he walk slowly and miserably back up through the empty castle , wonder whether he would ever feel cheerful again . he have turn the corner toward the Fat Lady 's corridor when he see somebody up ahead fasten a note to a board on the wall . a second glance show him that it be Luna . there be no good hiding place nearby , she be bind to have hear his footstep , and in any case , Harry could hardly muster the energy to avoid anyone at the moment . " hello , " say Luna vaguely , glance around at him as she step back from the notice . " how come you be not at the feast ? " Harry ask . " well , I have lose most of my possession , " say Luna serenely . " people take them and hide them , you know . but as it be the last night , I really do need them back , so I have be put up sign . " she gesture toward the notice board , upon which , sure enough , she have pin a list of all her missing book and clothes , with a plea for their return . an odd feeling rise in Harry -- an emotion quite different from the anger and grief that have fill him since Sirius 's death . it be a few moment before he realize that he be feel sorry for Luna . " how come people hide your stuff ? " he ask her , frown . " oh ... well ... " she shrug . " I think they think I be a bit odd , you know . some people call me ' Loony ' Lovegood , actually . " Harry look at her and the new feeling of pity intensify rather painfully . " that be no reason for them to take your thing , " he say flatly . " D'you want help find them ? " " oh no , " she say , smile at him . " they will come back , they always do in the end . it be just that I want to pack tonight . anyway ... why be n't you at the feast ? " Harry shrug . " just do n't feel like it . " " no , " say Luna , observe him with those oddly misty , protuberant eye . " I do n't suppose you do . that man the Death Eaters kill be your godfather , be n't he ? Ginny tell me . " Harry nod curtly , but find that for some reason he do not mind Luna talk about Sirius . he have just remember that she too could see thestrals . " have you ... " he begin . " I mean , who ... have anyone you have know ever die ? " " yes , " say Luna simply , " my mother . she be a quite extraordinary witch , you know , but she do like to experiment and one of her spell go rather badly wrong one day . I be nine . " " I be sorry , " Harry mumble . " yes , it be rather horrible , " say Luna conversationally . " I still feel very sad about it sometimes . but I have still get Dad . and anyway , it be not as though I will never see Mum again , be it ? " " er -- be n't it ? " say Harry uncertainly . she shake her head in disbelief . " oh , come on . you hear them , just behind the veil , do n't you ? " " you mean ... " " in that room with the archway . they be just lurk out of sight , that be all . you hear them . " they look at each other . Luna be smile slightly . Harry do not know what to say , or to think . Luna believe so many extraordinary thing ... yet he have be sure he have hear voice behind the veil too . ... " be you sure you do n't want me to help you look for your stuff ? " he say . " oh no , " say Luna . " no , I think I will just go down and have some pudding and wait for it all to turn up . ... it always do in the end . ... Well , have a nice holiday , Harry . " " yeah ... yeah , you too . " she walk away from him , and as he watch her go , he find that the terrible weight in his stomach seem to have lessen slightly . the journey home on the Hogwarts Express next day be eventful in several way . firstly , Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , who have clearly be wait all week for the opportunity to strike without teacher witness , attempt to ambush Harry halfway down the train as he make his way back from the toilet . the attack might have succeed have it not be for the fact that they unwittingly choose to stage the attack right outside a compartment full of D.A. member , who see what be happen through the glass and rise as one to rush to Harry 's aid . by the time Ernie Macmillan , Hannah Abbott , Susan Bones , Justin Finch-Fletchley , Anthony Goldstein , and Terry Boot have finish use a wide variety of the hex and jinx Harry have teach them , Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle resemble nothing so much as three gigantic slug squeeze into Hogwarts uniform as Harry , Ernie , and Justin hoist them into the luggage rack and leave them there to ooze . " I must say , I be look forward to see Malfoy 's mother 's face when he get off the train , " say Ernie with some satisfaction , as he watch Malfoy squirm above him . Ernie have never quite get over the indignity of Malfoy dock point from Hufflepuff during his brief spell as a member of the Inquisitorial Squad . " Goyle 's mum will be really please , though , " say Ron , who have come to investigate the source of the commotion . " he be load betterlooking now . ... Anyway , Harry , the food trolley be just stop if you want anything . ... " Harry thank the other and accompany Ron back to their compartment , where he buy a large pile of Cauldron Cakes and Pumpkin Pasties . Hermione be read the Daily Prophet again , Ginny be do a quiz in the Quibbler , and Neville be stroke his Mimbulus mimbletonia , which have grow a great deal over the year and now make odd croon noise when touch . Harry and Ron whil away most of the journey play wizard chess while Hermione read out snippet from the Prophet . it be now full of article about how to repel dementors , attempt by the Ministry to track down Death Eaters , and hysterical letter claim that the writer have see Lord Voldemort walk past their house that very morning . ... " it have n't really start yet , " sigh Hermione gloomily , fold up the newspaper again . " but it wo n't be long now . ... " " Hey , Harry , " say Ron , nod toward the glass window onto the corridor . Harry look around . Cho be pass , accompany by Marietta Edgecombe , who be wear a balaclava . his and Cho 's eye meet for a moment . Cho blush and keep walk . Harry look back down at the chessboard just in time to see one of his pawn chase off its square by Ron 's knight . " what be -- er -- go on with you and her anyway ? " Ron ask quietly . " nothing , " say Harry truthfully . " I -- er -- hear she be go out with someone else now , " say Hermione tentatively . Harry be surprise to find that this information do not hurt at all . want to impress Cho seem to belong to a past that be no longer quite connect with him . so much of what he have want before Sirius 's death feel that way these day . ... the week that have elapse since he have last see Sirius seem to have last much , much longer : it stretch across two universe , the one with Sirius in it , and the one without . " you be well out of it , mate , " say Ron forcefully . " I mean , she be quite good-looking and all that , but you want someone a bit more cheerful . " " she be probably cheerful enough with someone else , " say Harry , shrug . " who be she with now anyway ? " Ron ask Hermione , but it be Ginny who answer . " Michael Corner , " she say . " Michael -- but -- " say Ron , crane around in his seat to stare at her . " but you be go out with him ! " " not anymore , " say Ginny resolutely . " he do n't like Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw at Quidditch and get really sulky , so I ditch him and he run off to comfort Cho instead . " she scratch her nose absently with the end of her quill , turn the Quibbler upside down , and begin mark her answer . Ron look highly delighted . " well , I always think he be a bit of an idiot , " he say , prod his queen forward toward Harry 's quiver castle . " good for you . just choose someone -- good -- next time . " he cast Harry an oddly furtive look as he say it . " well , I have choose Dean Thomas , would you say he be good ? " ask Ginny vaguely . " what ? " shout Ron , upend the chessboard . Crookshanks go plunge after the piece and Hedwig and Pigwidgeon twitter and hoot angrily from overhead . as the train slow down in the approach to King 's Cross , Harry think he have never want to leave it less . he even wonder fleetingly what would happen if he simply refuse to get off , but remain stubbornly sit there until the first of September , when it would take him back to Hogwarts . when it finally puff to a standstill , however , he lift down Hedwig 's cage and prepare to drag his trunk from the train as usual . when the ticket inspector signal to him , Ron , and Hermione that it be safe to walk through the magical barrier between platform nine and ten , however , he find a surprise await him on the other side : a group of people stand there to greet him whom he have not expect at all . there be Mad-Eye Moody , look quite as sinister with his bowler hat pull low over his magical eye as he would have do without it , his gnarled hand clutch a long staff , his body wrap in a voluminous travel cloak . tonk stand just behind him , her bright bubble-gum-pink hair gleam in the sunlight filter through the dirty glass station ceiling , wear heavily patched jean and a bright purple T-shirt bear the legend the WEIRD SISTERS . next to Tonks be Lupin , his face pale , his hair graying , a long and threadbare overcoat cover a shabby jumper and trouser . at the front of the group stand Mr. and Mrs. Weasley , dress in their Muggle well , and Fred and George , who be both wear brand-new jacket in some lurid green , scaly material . " Ron , Ginny ! " call Mrs. Weasley , hurry forward and hug her child tightly . " oh , and Harry dear -- how be you ? " " fine , " lie Harry , as she pull him into a tight embrace . over her shoulder he see Ron goggle at the twin ' new clothes . " what be they suppose to be ? " he ask , point at the jacket . " fine dragon skin , little bro , " say Fred , give his zip a little tweak . " business be booming and we think we will treat ourselves . " " hello , Harry , " say Lupin , as Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry and turn to greet Hermione . " hi , " say Harry . " I do n't expect ... what be you all do here ? " " well , " say Lupin with a slight smile , " we think we might have a little chat with your aunt and uncle before let them take you home . " " I dunno if that be a good idea , " say Harry at once . " oh , I think it be , " growl Moody , who have limp a little close . " that will be them , will it , Potter ? " he point with his thumb over his shoulder ; his magical eye be evidently peer through the back of his head and his bowler hat . Harry lean an inch or so to the leave to see where Mad-Eye be point and there , sure enough , be the three Dursley , who look positively appall to see Harry 's reception committee . " ah , Harry ! " say Mr. Weasley , turn from Hermione 's parent , whom he have be greet enthusiastically , and who be take it in turn to hug Hermione . " well -- shall we do it , then ? " " yeah , I reckon so , Arthur , " say Moody . he and Mr. Weasley take the lead across the station toward the place where the Dursley stand , apparently root to the floor . Hermione disengage herself gently from her mother to join the group . " good afternoon , " say Mr. Weasley pleasantly to Uncle Vernon , come to a halt right in front of him . " you might remember me , my name 's Arthur Weasley . " as Mr. Weasley have singlehandedly demolish most of the Dursley ' live room two year previously , Harry would have be very surprise if Uncle Vernon have forget him . sure enough , Uncle Vernon turn a deep shade of puce and glare at Mr. Weasley , but choose not to say anything , partly , perhaps , because the Dursley be outnumber two to one . aunt Petunia look both frightened and embarrassed . she keep glance around , as though terrify somebody she know would see her in such company . Dudley , meanwhile , seem to be try to look small and insignificant , a feat at which he be fail extravagantly . " we think we will just have a few word with you about Harry , " say Mr. Weasley , still smile . " yeah , " growl Moody . " about how he be treat when he be at your place . " Uncle Vernon 's mustache seem to bristle with indignation . possibly because the bowler hat give him the entirely mistaken impression that he be deal with a kindred spirit , he address himself to Moody . " I be not aware that it be any of your business what go on in my house -- " " I expect what you be not aware of would fill several book , Dursley , " growl Moody . " anyway , that be not the point , " interject Tonks , whose pink hair seem to offend Aunt Petunia more than all the rest put together , for she close her eye rather than look at her . " the point be , if we find out you have be horrible to Harry -- " " - and make no mistake , we will hear about it , " add Lupin pleasantly . " yes , " say Mr. Weasley , " even if you wo n't let Harry use the fellytone -- " " Telephone , " whisper Hermione . " yeah , if we get any hint that Potter have be mistreat in any way , you will have us to answer to , " say Moody . Uncle Vernon swell ominously . his sense of outrage seem to outweigh even his fear of this bunch of oddball . " be you threaten me , sir ? " he say , so loudly that passerby actually turn to stare . " yes , I be , " say Mad-Eye , who seem rather pleased that Uncle Vernon have grasp this fact so quickly . " and do I look like the kind of man who can be intimidate ? " bark Uncle Vernon . " well ... " say Moody , push back his bowler hat to reveal his sinisterly revolving magical eye . Uncle Vernon leap backward in horror and collide painfully with a luggage trolley . " yes , I will have to say you do , Dursley . " he turn from Uncle Vernon to Harry . " so , Potter ... give us a shout if you need us . if we do n't hear from you for three day in a row , we will send someone along . ... " Aunt Petunia whimper piteously . it could not have be plain that she be think of what the neighbor would say if they catch sight of these people march up the garden path . " ' Bye , then , Potter , " say Moody , grasp Harry 's shoulder for a moment with a gnarled hand . " take care , Harry , " say Lupin quietly . " keep in touch . " " Harry , we will have you away from there as soon as we can , " Mrs. Weasley whisper , hug him again . " we will see you soon , mate , " say Ron anxiously , shake Harry 's hand . " really soon , Harry , " say Hermione earnestly . " we promise . " Harry nod . he somehow could not find word to tell them what it mean to him , to see them all range there , on his side . instead he smile , raise a hand in farewell , turn around , and lead the way out of the station toward the sunlit street , with Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and Dudley hurry along in his wake . table of Contents Contents Dudley Demented A Peck of Owls The Advanced Guard Number Twelve , Grimmauld Place the order of the Phoenix The Noble and most Ancient House of Black The Ministry of Magic The Hearing The Woes of Mrs. Weasley Luna Lovegood the Sorting Hat 's New Song Professor Umbridge Detention with Dolores Percy and Padfoot The Hogwarts High Inquisitor in the Hog 's Head Educational Decree Number Twenty-four Dumbledore 's Army The Lion and the Serpent Hagrid 's Tale The Eye of the Snake St. Mungo 's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries Christmas on the closed Ward Occlumency the Beetle at Bay Seen and Unforeseen The Centaur and the Sneak Snape 's Worst Memory Career Advice Grawp O.W.L.S Out of the Fire fight and flight the Department of Mysteries beyond the Veil the only one he ever fear the Lost Prophecy the Second War Begins
