Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling Chapter One Owl Post Harry Potter be a highly unusual boy in many way . for one thing , he hate the summer holiday more than any other time of year . for another , he really want to do his homework but be force to do it in secret , in the dead of night . and he also happen to be a wizard . it be nearly midnight , and he be lie on his stomach in bed , the blanket draw right over his head like a tent , a flashlight in one hand and a large leather-bound book ( a history of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot ) prop open against the pillow . Harry move the tip of his eagle-feather quill down the page , frown as he look for something that would help him write his essay , ' Witch Burning in the Fourteenth Century be completely pointless -- discuss . ' the quill pause at the top of a likely look paragraph . Harry push his round glass up the bridge of his nose , move his flashlight closer to the book , and read : Non-magic people ( more commonly know as Muggles ) be particularly afraid of magic in medieval time , but not very good at recognize it . on the rare occasion that they do catch a real witch or wizard , burning have no effect whatsoever . the witch or wizard would perform a basic Flame-Freezing Charm and then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoy a gentle , tickle sensation . indeed , Wendelin the Weird enjoy be burn so much that she allow herself to be catch no less than forty-seven time in various disguise . Harry put his quill between his tooth and reach underneath his pillow for his inkbottle and a roll of parchment . slowly and very carefully he unscrew the ink bottle , dip his quill into it , and begin to write , pause every now and then to listen , because if any of the Dursley hear the scratch of his quill on their way to the bathroom , he will probably find himself lock in the cupboard under the stair for the rest of the summer . the Dursley family of Number Four , Privet Drive , be the reason that Harry never enjoy his summer holiday . Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and their son , Dudley , be Harry 's only living relative . they be Muggles , and they have a very medieval attitude toward magic . Harry 's dead parent , who have be a witch and wizard themselves , be never mention under the Dursley ' roof . for year , Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon have hope that if they keep Harry as downtrodden as possible , they would be able to squash the magic out of him . to their fury , they have not be unsuccessful . these day they live in terror of anyone find out that Harry have spend most of the last two year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . the most they could do , however , be to lock away Harry 's spell book , wand , cauldron , and broomstick at the start of the summer break , and forbid him to talk to the neighbor . this separation from his spell book have be a real problem for Harry , because his teacher at Hogwarts have give him a lot of holiday work . one of the essay , a particularly nasty one about shrink potion , be for Harry 's least favorite teacher , Professor Snape , who would be delight to have an excuse to give Harry detention for a month . Harry have therefore seize his chance in the first week of the holiday . while Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and Dudley have go out into the front garden to admire Uncle Vernon 's new company car ( in very loud voice , so that the rest of the street would notice it too ) , Harry have creep downstairs , pick the lock on the cupboard under the stair , grab some of his book , and hide them in his bedroom . as long as he do n't leave spot of ink on the sheet , the Dursley need never know that he be study magic by night . Harry be particularly keen to avoid trouble with his aunt and uncle at the moment , as they be already in an especially bad mood with him , all because he have receive a telephone call from a fellow wizard one week into the school vacation . Ron Weasley , who be one of Harry 's good friend at Hogwarts , come from a whole family of wizard . this mean that he know a lot of thing Harry do n't , but have never use a telephone before . most unluckily , it have be Uncle Vernon who have answer the call . " Vernon Dursley speaking . " Harry , who happen to be in the room at the time , freeze as he hear Ron 's voice answer . " hello ? hello ? can you HEAR Me ? I -- Want -- To -- TALK -- To -- Harry -- Potter ! " Ron be yell so loudly that Uncle Vernon jump and hold the receiver a foot away from his ear , stare at it with an expression of mingle fury and alarm . " who be This ? " he roar in the direction of the mouthpiece . " who be you ? " " Ron -- WEASLEY ! " Ron bellow back , as though he and Uncle Vernon be speak from opposite end of a football field . " I 'M -- A -- Friend -- of -- Harry 's -- From -- School - " Uncle Vernon 's small eye swivel around to Harry , who be root to the spot . " there be No Harry Potter here ! " he roar , now hold the receiver at arm 's length , as though frighten it might explode . " I do N'T Know what school you 'RE TALKING ABOUT ! never Contact Me Again ! do N'T you Come Near My Family ! " and he throw the receiver back onto the telephone as if drop a poisonous spider . the fight that have follow have be one of the bad ever . " how Dare you GIVE This Number To People Like -- People Like you ! " Uncle Vernon have roar , spray Harry with spit . Ron obviously realize that he have get Harry into trouble , because he have n't call again . Harry 's other good friend from Hogwarts , Hermione Granger , have n't be in touch either . Harry suspect that Ron have warn Hermione not to call , which be a pity , because Hermione , the clever witch in Harry 's year , have Muggle parent , know perfectly well how to use a telephone , and would probably have have enough sense not to say that she go to Hogwarts . so Harry have have no word from any of his wizarding friend for five long week , and this summer be turn out to be almost as bad as the last one . there be just one very small improvement -- after swear that he would n't use her to send letter to any of his friend , Harry have be allow to let his owl , Hedwig , out at night . Uncle Vernon have give in because of the racket Hedwig make if she be lock in her cage all the time . Harry finish write about Wendelin the Weird and pause to listen again . the silence in the dark house be break only by the distant , grunt snore of his enormous cousin , Dudley . it must be very late , Harry think . his eye be itch with tiredness . perhaps he will finish this essay tomorrow night ... he replace the top of the ink bottle ; pull an old pillowcase from under his bed ; put the flashlight , a history of Magic , his essay , quill , and ink inside it ; get out of bed ; and hide the lot under a loose floorboard under his bed . then he stand up , stretch , and check the time on the luminous alarm clock on his bedside table . it be one o'clock in the morning . Harry 's stomach give a funny jolt . he have be thirteen year old , without realize it , for a whole hour . yet another unusual thing about Harry be how little he look forward to his birthday . he have never receive a birthday card in his life . the Dursley have completely ignore his last two birthday , and he have no reason to suppose they would remember this one . Harry walk across the dark room , past Hedwig 's large , empty cage , to the open window . he lean on the sill , the cool night air pleasant on his face after a long time under the blanket . Hedwig have be absent for two night now . Harry be n't worry about her : she have be go this long before . but he hope she will be back soon -- she be the only living creature in this house who do n't flinch at the sight of him . Harry , though still rather small and skinny for his age , have grow a few inch over the last year . his jet-black hair , however , be just as it always have be -- stubbornly untidy , whatever he do to it . the eye behind his glass be bright green , and on his forehead , clearly visible through his hair , be a thin scar , shape like a bolt of lightning . of all the unusual thing about Harry , this scar be the most extraordinary of all . it be not , as the Dursley have pretend for ten year , a souvenir of the car crash that have kill Harry 's parent , because Lily and James Potter have not die in a car crash . they have be murder , murder by the most feared dark wizard for a hundred year , Lord Voldemort . Harry have escape from the same attack with nothing more than a scar on his forehead , where Voldemort 's curse , instead of kill him , have rebound upon its originator . barely alive , Voldemort have flee ... but Harry have come face-to-face with him at Hogwarts . remember their last meeting as he stand at the dark window , Harry have to admit he be lucky even to have reach his thirteenth birthday . he scan the starry sky for a sign of Hedwig , perhaps soar back to him with a dead mouse dangle from her beak , expect praise . gaze absently over the rooftop , it be a few second before Harry realize what he be see . silhouette against the golden moon , and grow large every moment , be a large , strangely lopsided creature , and it be flap in Harry 's direction . he stand quite still , watch it sink low and low . for a split second he hesitate , his hand on the window latch , wonder whether to slam it shut . but then the bizarre creature soar over one of the street lamp of Privet Drive , and Harry , realize what it be , leap aside . through the window soar three owl , two of them hold up the third , which appear to be unconscious . they land with a soft flump on Harry 's bed , and the middle owl , which be large and gray , keel right over and lay motionless . there be a large package tie to its leg . Harry recognize the unconscious owl at once -- his name be Errol , and he belong to the Weasley family . Harry dash to the bed , untie the cord around Errol 's leg , take off the parcel , and then carry Errol to Hedwig 's cage . Errol open one bleary eye , give a feeble hoot of thanks , and begin to gulp some water . Harry turn back to the remain owl . one of them , the large snowy female , be his own Hedwig . she , too , be carry a parcel and look extremely pleased with herself . she give Harry an affectionate nip with her beak as he remove her burden , then fly across the room to join Errol . Harry do n't recognize the third owl , a handsome tawny one , but he know at once where it have come from , because in addition to a third package , it be carry a letter bear the Hogwarts crest . when Harry relieve this owl of its burden , it ruffle its feather importantly , stretch its wing , and take off through the window into the night . Harry sit down on his bed and grab Errol 's package , rip off the brown paper , and discover a present wrap in gold and his first ever birthday card . finger tremble slightly , he open the envelope . two piece of paper fall out -- a letter and a newspaper clipping . the clipping have clearly come out of the wizarding newspaper , the Daily Prophet , because the people in the black-and-white picture be move . Harry pick up the clipping , smooth it out , and read : ministry of Magic Employee SCOOPS Grand Prize Arthur Weasley , Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic , have win the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw . a delighted Mr. Weasley tell the Daily Prophet , " we will be spend the gold on a summer holiday in Egypt , where our eldest son , Bill , work as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank . " the Weasley family will be spend a month in Egypt , return for the start of the new school year at Hogwarts , which five of the Weasley child currently attend . Harry scan the move photograph , and a grin spread across his face as he see all nine of the Weasleys wave furiously at him , stand in front of a large pyramid . plump little Mrs. Weasley ; tall , balding Mr. Weasley ; six son ; and one daughter , all ( though the black-and-white picture do n't show it ) with flaming-red hair . right in the middle of the picture be Ron , tall and gangling , with his pet rat , Scabbers , on his shoulder and his arm around his little sister , Ginny . Harry could n't think of anyone who deserve to win a large pile of gold more than the Weasleys , who be very nice and extremely poor . he pick up Ron 's letter and unfold it . Dear Harry , happy birthday ! look , I be really sorry about that telephone call . I hope the Muggles do n't give you a hard time . I ask Dad , and he reckon I should n't have shout . it be amazing here in Egypt . Bill have take us around all the tomb and you would n't believe the curse those old Egyptian wizard put on them . Mum would n't let Ginny come in the last one . there be all these mutant skeleton in there , of Muggles who have break in and grow extra head and stuff . I could n't believe it when Dad win the Daily Prophet Draw . seven hundred galleon ! most of it be go on this trip , but they be go to buy me a new wand for next year . Harry remember only too well the occasion when Ron 's old wand have snap . it have happen when the car the two of them have be fly to Hogwarts have crash into a tree on the school ground . we will be back about a week before term start and we will be go up to London to get my wand and our new book . any chance of meet you there ? do n't let the Muggles get you down ! try and come to London , Ron P.S. Percy 's Head Boy . he get the letter last week . Harry glance back at the photograph . Percy , who be in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts , be look particularly smug . he have pin his Head Boy badge to the fez perch jauntily on top of his neat hair , his horn-rimmed glass flash in the Egyptian sun . Harry now turn to his present and unwrap it . inside be what look like a miniature glass spin top . there be another note from Ron beneath it . Harry -- this be a Pocket Sneakoscope . if there be someone untrustworthy around , it be suppose to light up and spin . Bill say it be rubbish sell for wizard tourist and be n't reliable , because it keep light up at dinner last night . but he do n't realize Fred and George have put beetle in his soup . bye -- Ron Harry put the Pocket Sneakoscope on his bedside table , where it stand quite still , balance on its point , reflect the luminous hand of his clock . he look at it happily for a few second , then pick up the parcel Hedwig have bring . inside this , too , there be a wrap present , a card , and a letter , this time from Hermione . Dear Harry , Ron write to me and tell me about his phone call to your Uncle Vernon . I do hope you be all right . I be on holiday in France at the moment and I do n't know how I be go to send this to you -- what if they have open it at custom ? -- but then Hedwig turn up ! I think she want to make sure you get something for your birthday for a change . I buy your present by owl-order ; there be an advertisement in the Daily Prophet ( I have be get it deliver ; it be so good to keep up with what be go on in the wizarding world ) . do you see that picture of Ron and his family a week ago ? I bet he be learn load . I be really jealous -- the ancient Egyptian wizard be fascinating . there be some interesting local history of witchcraft here , too . I have rewrite my whole history of Magic essay to include some of the thing I have find out , I hope it be not too long -- it be two roll of parchment more than Professor Binns ask for . Ron say he be go to be in London in the last week of the holiday . can you make it ? will your aunt and uncle let you come ? I really hope you can . if not , I will see you on the Hogwarts Express on September first ! love from Hermione P.S. Ron say Percy 's Head Boy . I will bet Percy 's really please . Ron do n't seem too happy about it . Harry laugh as he put Hermione 's letter aside and pick up her present . it be very heavy . know Hermione , he be sure it would be a large book full of very difficult spell -- but it be n't . his heart give a huge bound as he rip back the paper and see a sleek black leather case , with silver word stamp across it , read Broomstick Servicing Kit . " wow , Hermione ! " Harry whisper , unzip the case to look inside . there be a large jar of Fleetwood 's High-Finish Handle Polish , a pair of gleam silver TailTwig Clippers , a tiny brass compass to clip on your broom for long journey , and a handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare . apart from his friend , the thing that Harry miss most about Hogwarts be Quidditch , the most popular sport in the magical world -- highly dangerous , very exciting , and play on broomstick . Harry happen to be a very good Quidditch player ; he have be the young person in a century to be pick for one of the Hogwarts House team . one of Harry 's most prized possession be his Nimbus Two Thousand racing broom . Harry put the leather case aside and pick up his last parcel . he recognize the untidy scrawl on the brown paper at once : this be from Hagrid , the Hogwarts gamekeeper . he tear off the top layer of paper and glimpse something green and leathery , but before he could unwrap it properly , the parcel give a strange quiver , and whatever be inside it snap loudly -- as though it have jaw . Harry freeze . he know that Hagrid would never send him anything dangerous on purpose , but then , Hagrid do n't have a normal person 's view of what be dangerous . Hagrid have be know to befriend giant spider , buy vicious , three-headed dog from man in pub , and sneak illegal dragon egg into his cabin . Harry poke the parcel nervously . it snap loudly again . Harry reach for the lamp on his bedside table , grip it firmly in one hand , and raise it over his head , ready to strike . then he seize the rest of the wrap paper in his other hand and pull . and out fall -- a book . Harry just have time to register its handsome green cover , emblazon with the golden title the Monster Book of Monsters , before it flip onto its edge and scuttle sideways along the bed like some weird crab . " Uh-oh , " Harry mutter . the book topple off the bed with a loud clunk and shuffle rapidly across the room . Harry follow it stealthily . the book be hide in the dark space under his desk . pray that the Dursley be still fast asleep , Harry get down on his hand and knee and reach toward it . " Ouch ! " the book snap shut on his hand and then flap past him , still scuttle on its cover . Harry scramble around , throw himself forward , and manage to flatten it . Uncle Vernon give a loud , sleepy grunt in the room next door . Hedwig and Errol watch interestedly as Harry clamp the struggle book tightly in his arm , hurry to his chest of drawer , and pull out a belt , which he buckle tightly around it . the Monster Book shudder angrily , but could no longer flap and snap , so Harry throw it down on the bed and reach for Hagrid 's card . Dear Harry , Happy Birthday ! think you might find this useful for next year . wo n't say no more here . tell you when I see you . hope the Muggles be treat you right . all the good , Hagrid it strike Harry as ominous that Hagrid think a biting book would come in useful , but he put Hagrid 's card up next to Ron 's and Hermione 's , grin more broadly than ever . now there be only the letter from Hogwarts leave . notice that it be rather thick than usual , Harry slit open the envelope , pull out the first page of parchment within , and read : Dear Mr. Potter , Please note that the new school year will begin on September the first . the Hogwarts Express will leave from King 's Cross station , platform nine and three-quarter , at eleven o'clock . third year be permit to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekend . please give the enclose permission form to your parent or guardian to sign . a list of book for next year be enclose . yours sincerely , Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Harry pull out the Hogsmeade permission form and look at it , no longer grin . it would be wonderful to visit Hogsmeade on weekend ; he know it be an entirely wizarding village , and he have never set foot there . but how on earth be he go to persuade Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia to sign the form ? he look over at the alarm clock . it be now two o'clock in the morning . decide that he will worry about the Hogsmeade form when he wake up , Harry get back into bed and reach up to cross off another day on the chart he have make for himself , count down the day leave until his return to Hogwarts . then he take off his glass and lie down ; eye open , face his three birthday card . extremely unusual though he be , at that moment Harry Potter feel just like everyone else -- glad , for the first time in his life , that it be his birthday . chapter TWO Aunt Marge 's Big Mistake Harry go down to breakfast the next morning to find the three Dursley already sit around the kitchen table . they be watch a brand-new television , a welcome-home-for-the-summer present for Dudley , who have be complain loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the television in the live room . Dudley have spend most of the summer in the kitchen , his piggy little eye fix on the screen and his five chin wobble as he eat continually . Harry sit down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon , a large , beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mustache . far from wish Harry a happy birthday , none of the Dursley make any sign that they have notice Harry enter the room , but Harry be far too use to this to care . he help himself to a piece of toast and then look up at the reporter on the television , who be halfway through a report on an escape convict . " ... the public be warn that Black be arm and extremely dangerous . a special hot line have be set up , and any sight of Black should be report immediately . " " no need to tell us he be no good , " snort Uncle Vernon , stare over the top of his newspaper at the prisoner . " look at the state of him , the filthy layabout ! look at his hair ! " he shoot a nasty look sideways at Harry , whose untidy hair have always be a source of great annoyance to Uncle Vernon . compare to the man on the television , however , whose gaunt face be surround by a matted , elbow-length tangle , Harry feel very well groom indeed . the reporter have reappear . " the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce today - " " Hang on ! " bark Uncle Vernon , stare furiously at the reporter . " you do n't tell us where that maniac be escape from ! what use be that ? lunatic could be come up the street right now ! " aunt Petunia , who be bony and horse-faced , whip around and peer intently out of the kitchen window . Harry know Aunt Petunia would simply love to be the one to call the hot line number . she be the nosy woman in the world and spend most of her life spy on the boring , law-abiding neighbor . " when will they learn , " say Uncle Vernon , pound the table with his large purple fist , " that hanging be the only way to deal with these people ? " " very true , " say Aunt Petunia , who be still squint into next door 's runner-beans . Uncle Vernon drain his teacup , glance at his watch , and add , " I will well be off in a minute , Petunia . Marge 's train get in at ten . " Harry , whose thought have be upstairs with the Broomstick Servicing Kit , be bring back to earth with an unpleasant bump . " aunt Marge ? " he blurt out . " Shshe be not come here , be she ? " aunt Marge be Uncle Vernon 's sister . even though she be not a blood relative of Harry 's ( whose mother have be Aunt Petunia 's sister ) , he have be force to call her ' Aunt ' all his life . aunt Marge live in the country , in a house with a large garden , where she breed bulldog . she do n't often stay at Privet Drive , because she could n't bear to leave her precious dog , but each of her visit stand out horribly vividly in Harry 's mind . at Dudley 's fifth birthday party , Aunt Marge have whack Harry around the shin with her walk stick to stop him from beat Dudley at musical statue . a few year later , she have turn up at Christmas with a computerized robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuit for Harry . on her last visit , the year before Harry start at Hogwarts , Harry have accidentally tread on the tail of her favorite dog . Ripper have chase Harry out into the garden and up a tree , and Aunt Marge have refuse to call him off until past midnight . the memory of this incident still bring tear of laughter to Dudley 's eye . " Marge will be here for a week , " Uncle Vernon snarl , " and while we be on the subject , " he point a fat finger threateningly at Harry , " we need to get a few thing straight before I go and collect her . " Dudley smirk and withdraw his gaze from the television . watch Harry be bully by Uncle Vernon be Dudley 's favorite form of entertainment . " firstly , " growl Uncle Vernon , " you will keep a civil tongue in your head when you be talk to Marge . " " all right , " say Harry bitterly , " if she do when she be talk to me . " " secondly , " say Uncle Vernon , act as though he have not hear Harry 's reply , " as Marge do n't know anything about your abnormality , I do n't want any -- any funny stuff while she be here . you behave yourself , get me ? " " I will if she do , " say Harry through grit tooth . " and thirdly , " say Uncle Vernon , his mean little eye now slit in his great purple face , " we have tell Marge you attend St. Brutus 's Secure Center for incurably criminal boy . " " what ? " Harry yell . " and you will be stick to that story , boy , or there will be trouble , " spit Uncle Vernon . Harry sit there , white-faced and furious , stare at Uncle Vernon , hardly able to believe it . aunt Marge come for a weeklong visit -- it be the bad birthday present the Dursley have ever give him , include that pair of Uncle Vernon 's old sock . " well , Petunia , " say Uncle Vernon , get heavily to his foot , " I will be off to the station , then . want to come along for the ride , Dudders ? " " no , " say Dudley , whose attention have return to the television now that Uncle Vernon have finish threaten Harry . " Duddy be get to make himself smart for his auntie , " say Aunt Petunia , smooth Dudley 's thick blond hair . " mummy have buy him a lovely new bow-tie . " Uncle Vernon clap Dudley on his porky shoulder . " see you in a bit , then , " he say , and he leave the kitchen . Harry , who have be sit in a kind of horrify trance , have a sudden idea . abandon his toast , he get quickly to his foot and follow Uncle Vernon to the front door . Uncle Vernon be pull on his car coat . " I be not take you , " he snarl as he turn to see Harry watch him . " like I want to come , " say Harry coldly . " I want to ask you something . " Uncle Vernon eye him suspiciously . " third year at Hog -- at my school be allow to visit the village sometimes , " say Harry . " so ? " snap Uncle Vernon , take his car key from a hook next to the door . " I need you to sign the permission form , " say Harry in a rush . " and why should I do that ? " sneer Uncle Vernon . " well , " say Harry , choose his word carefully , " it will be hard work , pretend to Aunt Marge I go to that St. Whatsits ... " " St. Brutus 's Secure Center for incurably criminal boy ! " bellow Uncle Vernon , and Harry be please to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Vernon 's voice . " exactly , " say Harry , look calmly up into Uncle Vernon 's large , purple face . " it be a lot to remember . I will have to make it sound convincing , wo n't I ? what if I accidentally let something slip ? " " you will get the stuffing knock out of you , wo n't you ? " roar Uncle Vernon , advance on Harry with his fist raise . but Harry stand his ground . " knock the stuffing out of me wo n't make Aunt Marge forget what I could tell her , " he say grimly . Uncle Vernon stop , his fist still raise , his face an ugly puce . " but if you sign my permission form , " Harry go on quickly , " I swear I will remember where I be suppose to go to school , and I will act like a Mug -- like I be normal and everything . " Harry could tell that Uncle Vernon be think it over , even if his tooth be bare and a vein be throb in his temple . " right , " he snap finally . " I shall monitor your behavior carefully during Marge 's visit . if , at the end of it , you have toe the line and keep to the story , I will sign your ruddy form . " he wheel around , pull open the front door , and slam it so hard that one of the little pane of glass at the top fall out . Harry do n't return to the kitchen . he go back upstairs to his bedroom . if he be go to act like a real Muggle , heed good start now . slowly and sadly he gather up all his present and his birthday card and hide them under the loose floorboard with his homework . then he go to Hedwig 's cage . Errol seem to have recover ; he and Hedwig be both asleep , head under their wing . Harry sigh , then poke them both awake . " Hedwig , " he say gloomily , " you be go to have to clear off for a week . go with Errol . Ron will look after you . I will write him a note , explain . and do n't look at me like that " -- Hedwig 's large amber eye be reproachful -- " it be not my fault . it be the only way I will be allow to visit Hogsmeade with Ron and Hermione . " ten minute later , Errol and Hedwig ( who have a note to Ron bind to her leg ) soar out of the window and out of sight . Harry , now feel thoroughly miserable , put the empty cage away inside the wardrobe . but Harry do n't have long to brood . in next to no time , Aunt Petunia be shriek up the stair for Harry to come down and get ready to welcome their guest . " do something about your hair ! " aunt Petunia snap as he reach the hall . Harry could n't see the point of try to make his hair lie flat . aunt Marge love criticize him , so the untidy he look , the happy she would be . all too soon , there be a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Vernon 's car pull back into the driveway , then the clunk of the car door and footstep on the garden path . " get the door ! " aunt Petunia hiss at Harry . a feeling of great gloom in his stomach , Harry pull the door open . on the threshold stand Aunt Marge . she be very like Uncle Vernon : large , beefy , and purplefaced , she even have a mustache , though not as bushy as his . in one hand she hold an enormous suitcase , and tuck under the other be an old and evil-tempered bulldog . " where be my Dudders ? " roar Aunt Marge . " where be my neffy poo ? " Dudley come waddle down the hall , his blond hair plaster flat to his fat head , a bow tie just visible under his many chin . aunt Marge thrust the suitcase into Harry 's stomach , knock the wind out of him , seize Dudley in a tight one-armed hug , and plant a large kiss on his cheek . Harry know perfectly well that Dudley only put up with Aunt Marge 's hug because he be well pay for it , and sure enough , when they break apart , Dudley have a crisp twenty-pound note clutch in his fat fist . " petunia ! " shout Aunt Marge , stride past Harry as though he be a hat-stand . aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kiss , or rather , Aunt Marge bump her large jaw against Aunt Petunias bony cheekbone . Uncle Vernon now come in , smile jovially as he shut the door . " tea , Marge ? " he say . " and what will Ripper take ? " " Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer , " say Aunt Marge as they all proceed into the kitchen , leave Harry alone in the hall with the suitcase . but Harry be n't complain ; any excuse not to be with Aunt Marge be fine by him , so he begin to heave the case upstairs into the spare bedroom , take as long as he could . by the time he get back to the kitchen , Aunt Marge have be supply with tea and fruitcake , and Ripper be lap noisily in the corner . Harry see Aunt Petunia wince slightly as speck of tea and drool fleck her clean floor . aunt Petunia hate animal . " who be look after the other dog , Marge ? " Uncle Vernon ask . " oh , I have get Colonel Fubster manage them , " boom Aunt Marge . " he be retire now , good for him to have something to do . but I could n't leave poor old Ripper . he pine if he be away from me . " Ripper begin to growl again as Harry sit down . this direct Aunt Marge 's attention to Harry for the first time . " so ! " she bark . " still here , be you ? " " yes , " say Harry . " do n't you say ' yes ' in that ungrateful tone , " Aunt Marge growl . " it be damn good of Vernon and Petunia to keep you . would n't have do it myself . you will have go straight to an orphanage if you have be dump on my doorstep . " Harry be burst to say that he will rather live in an orphanage than with the Dursley , but the thought of the Hogsmeade form stop him . he force his face into a painful smile . " do n't you smirk at me ! " boom Aunt Marge . " I can see you have n't improve since I last see you . I hope school would knock some manner into you . " she take a large gulp of tea , wipe her mustache , and say , " where be it that you send him , again , Vernon ? " " St. Brutus 's , " say Uncle Vernon promptly . " it be a first-rate institution for hopeless case . " " I see , " say Aunt Marge . " do they use the cane at St. Brutus 's , boy ? " she bark across the table . " er - " Uncle Vernon nod curtly behind Aunt Marge 's back . " yes , " say Harry . then , feel he might as well do the thing properly , he add , " all the time . " " excellent , " say Aunt Marge . " I wo n't have this namby-pamby , wishy-washy nonsense about not hit people who deserve it . a good thrashing be what be need in ninety-nine case out of a hundred . have you be beat often ? " " oh , yeah , " say Harry , " load of time . " aunt Marge narrow her eye . " I still do n't like your tone , boy , " she say . " if you can speak of your beating in that casual way , they clearly be n't hit you hard enough . Petunia , I will write if I be you . make it clear that you approve the use of extreme force in this boy 's case . " perhaps Uncle Vernon be worry that Harry might forget their bargain ; in any case , he change the subject abruptly . " hear the news this morning , Marge ? what about that escape prisoner , eh ? " as Aunt Marge start to make herself at home , Harry catch himself think almost longingly of life at number four without her . Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia usually encourage Harry to stay out of their way , which Harry be only too happy to do . aunt Marge , on the other hand , want Harry under her eye at all time , so that she could boom out suggestion for his improvement . she delight in compare Harry with Dudley , and take huge pleasure in buy Dudley expensive present while glare at Harry , as though dare him to ask why he have n't get a present too . she also keep throw out dark hint about what make Harry such an unsatisfactory person . " you must n't blame yourself for the way the boy be turn out , Vernon , " she say over lunch on the third day . " if there be something rotten on the inside , there be nothing anyone can do about it . " Harry try to concentrate on his food , but his hand shake and his face be start to burn with anger . remember the form , he tell himself . think about Hogsmeade . do n't say anything . do n't rise - Aunt Marge reach for her glass of wine . " it be one of the basic rule of breeding , " she say . " you see it all the time with dog . if there be something wrong with the bitch , there will be something wrong with the pup - " at that moment , the wineglass Aunt Marge be holding explode in her hand . shard of glass fly in every direction and Aunt Marge sputter and blink , her great ruddy face dripping . " Marge ! " squeal Aunt Petunia . " Marge , be you all right ? " " not to worry , " grunt Aunt Marge , mop her face with her napkin . " must have squeeze it too hard . do the same thing at Colonel Fubster be the other day . no need to fuss , Petunia , I have a very firm grip ... " but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon be both look at Harry suspiciously , so he decide he will well skip dessert and escape from the table as soon as he could . outside in the hall , he lean against the wall , breathe deeply . it have be a long time since he have lose control and make something explode . he could n't afford to let it happen again . the Hogsmeade form be n't the only thing at stake -- if he carry on like that , he will be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic . Harry be still an underage wizard , and he be forbid by wizard law to do magic outside school . his record be n't exactly clean either . only last summer he have get an official warning that have state quite clearly that if the Ministry get wind of any more magic in Privet Drive , Harry would face expulsion from Hogwarts . he hear the Dursley leave the table and hurried upstairs out of the way . Harry get through the next three day by force himself to think about his handbook of Do-ItYourself Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge start on him . this work quite well , though it seem to give him a glaze look , because Aunt Marge start voice the opinion that he be mentally subnormal . at last , at long last , the final evening of Marge 's stay arrive . aunt Petunia cook a fancy dinner and Uncle Vernon uncork several bottle of wine . they get all the way through the soup and the salmon without a single mention of Harry 's fault ; during the lemon meringue pie , Uncle Vernon bore them a with a long talk about Grunnings , his drill-making company ; then Aunt Petunia make coffee and Uncle Vernon bring out a bottle of brandy . " can I tempt you , Marge ? " aunt Marge have already have quite a lot of wine . her huge face be very red . " just a small one , then , " she chuckle . " a bit more than that ... and a bit more ... that be the ticket . " Dudley be eat his fourth slice of pie . aunt Petunia be sip coffee with her little finger stick out . Harry really want to disappear into his bedroom , but he meet Uncle Vernon 's angry little eye and know he would have to sit it out . " Aah , " say Aunt Marge , smack her lip and put the empty brandy glass back down . " excellent nosh , Petunia . it be normally just a fry-up for me of an evening , with twelve dog to look after ... " she burp richly and pat her great tweed stomach . " pardon me . but I do like to see a healthy-sized boy , " she go on , wink at Dudley . " you will be a proper-sized man , Dudders , like your father . yes , I will have a spot more brandy , Vernon ... " " now , this one here - " she jerk her head at Harry , who feel his stomach clench . the handbook , he think quickly . " this one have get a mean , runty look about him . you get that with dog . I have Colonel Fubster drown one last year . ratty little thing it be . weak . underbred . " Harry be try to remember page twelve of his book : a Charm to Cure reluctant reverser . " it all come down to blood , as I be say the other day . bad blood will out . now , I be say nothing against your family , Petunia " -- she pat Aunt Petunia 's bony hand with her shovellike one " but your sister be a bad egg . they turn up in the good family . then she run off with a wastrel and here be the result right in front of us . " Harry be stare at his plate , a funny ringing in his ear . grasp your broom firmly by the tail , he think . but he could n't remember what come next . aunt Marge 's voice seem to be boring into him like one of Uncle Vernon 's drill . " this Potter , " say Aunt Marge loudly , seize the brandy bottle and splash more into her glass and over the tablecloth , " you never tell me what he do ? " Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia be look extremely tense . Dudley have even look up from his pie to gape at his parent . " he -- do n't work , " say Uncle Vernon , with half a glance at Harry . " unemployed . " " as I expect ! " say Aunt Marge , take a huge swig of brandy and wipe her chin on her sleeve . " a no-account , good-for-nothing , lazy scrounger who - " " he be not , " say Harry suddenly . the table go very quiet . Harry be shake all over . he have never feel so angry in his life . " more brandy ! " yell Uncle Vernon , who have go very white . he empty the bottle into Aunt Marge 's glass . " you , boy , " he snarl at Harry . " go to bed , go on - " " no , Vernon , " hiccupped Aunt Marge , hold up a hand , her tiny bloodshot eye fix on Harry 's . " go on , boy , go on . proud of your parent , be you ? they go and get themselves kill in a car crash ( drunk , I expect ) - " " they do n't die in a car crash ! " say Harry , who find himself on his foot . " they die in a car crash , you nasty little liar , and leave you to be a burden on their decent , hardwork relative ! " scream Aunt Marge , swell with fury . " you be an insolent , ungrateful little - " but Aunt Marge suddenly stop speak . for a moment , it look as though word have fail her . she seem to be swell with inexpressible anger -- but the swelling do n't stop . her great red face start to expand , her tiny eye bulge , and her mouth stretch too tightly for speech -- next second , several button have just burst from her tweed jacket and ping off the wall -- she be inflate like a monstrous balloon , her stomach burst free of her tweed waistband , each of her finger blow up like a salami ... " MARGE ! " yell Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together as Aunt Marge 's whole body begin to rise off her chair toward the ceiling . she be entirely round , now , like a vast life buoy with piggy eye , and her hand and foot stick out weirdly as she drift up into the air , make apoplectic pop noise . Ripper come skid into the room , bark madly . " NOOOOOOO ! " Uncle Vernon seize one of Marge 's foot and try to pull her down again , but be almost lift from the floor himself . a second later , Ripper leap forward and sink his tooth into Uncle Vernon 's leg . Harry tear from the dining room before anyone could stop him , head for the cupboard under the stair . the cupboard door burst magically open as he reach it . in second , he have heave his trunk to the front door . he sprint upstairs and throw himself under the bed , wrench up the loose floorboard , and grab the pillowcase full of his book and birthday present . he wriggle out , seize Hedwig 's empty cage , and dash back downstairs to his trunk , just as Uncle Vernon burst out of the dining room , his trouser leg in bloody tatter . " come back in here ! " he bellow . " come Back and PUT Her Right ! " but a reckless rage have come over Harry . he kick his trunk open , pull out his wand , and point it at Uncle Vernon . " she deserve it , " Harry say , breathe very fast . " she deserve what she get . you keep away from me . " he fumble behind him for the latch on the door . " I be go , " Harry say . " I have have enough . " and in the next moment , he be out in the dark , quiet street , heave his heavy trunk behind him , Hedwig 's cage under his arm . chapter Three The Knight Bus Harry be several street away before he collapse onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent , pant from the effort of drag his trunk . he sit quite still , anger still surge through him , listen to the frantic thump of his heart . but after ten minute alone in the dark street , a new emotion overtake him : panic . whichever way he look at it , he have never be in a bad fix . he be strand , quite alone , in the dark Muggle world , with absolutely nowhere to go . and the bad of it be , he have just do serious magic , which mean that he be almost certainly expel from Hogwarts . he have break the decree for the restriction of Underage Wizardry so badly , he be surprise Ministry of Magic representative be n't swoop down on him where he sit . Harry shiver and look up and down Magnolia Crescent . what , be go to happen to him ? would he be arrest , or would he simply be outlaw from the wizarding world ? he think of Ron and Hermione , and his heart sink even low . Harry be sure that , criminal or not , Ron and Hermione would want to help him now , but they be both abroad , and with Hedwig go , he have no means of contact them . he do n't have any Muggle money , either . there be a little wizard gold in the money bag at the bottom of his trunk , but the rest of the fortune his parent have leave him be store in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London . he will never be able to drag his trunk all the way to London . unless ... he look down at his wand , which he be still clutch in his hand . if he be already expel ( his heart be now thump painfully fast ) , a bit more magic could n't hurt . he have the Invisibility Cloak he have inherit from his father -- what if he bewitch the trunk to make it feather-light , tie it to his broomstick , cover himself in the cloak , and fly to London ? then he could get the rest of his money out of his vault and ... begin his life as an outcast . it be a horrible prospect , but he could n't sit on this wall forever , or he will find himself try to explain to Muggle police why he be out in the dead of night with a trunk full of spell book and a broomstick . Harry open his trunk again and push the content aside , look for the Invisibility Cloak -- but before he have find it , he straighten up suddenly , look around him once more . a funny prickle on the back of his neck have make Harry feel he be be watch , but the street appear to be desert , and no light shine from any of the large square house . he bend over his trunk again , but almost immediately stand up once more , his hand clench on his wand . he have sense rather than hear it : someone or something be stand in the narrow gap between the garage and the fence behind him . Harry squint at the black alleyway . if only it would move , then he will know whether it be just a stray cat or -- something else . " Lumos , " Harry mutter , and a light appear at the end of his wand , almost dazzle him . he hold it high over his head , and the pebble-dashed wall of number two suddenly sparkle ; the garage door gleam , and between them Harry see , quite distinctly , the hulking outline of something very big , with wide , gleam eye . Harry step backward . his leg hit his trunk and he trip . his wand fly out of his hand as he fling out an arm to break his fall , and he land , hard , in the gutter . there be a deafen Bang , and Harry throw up his hand to shield his eye against a sudden blinding light ... with a yell , he roll back onto the pavement , just in time . a second later , a gigantic pair of wheel and headlight screech to a halt exactly where Harry have just be lie . they belong , as Harry see when he raise his head , to a triple-decker , violently purple bus , which have appear out of thin air . gold lettering over the windshield spell the Knight Bus . for a split second , Harry wonder if he have be knock silly by his fall . then a conductor in a purple uniform leap out of the bus and begin to speak loudly to the night . " welcome to the Knight Bus , emergency transport for the strand witch or wizard just stick out your wand hand , step on board , and we can take you anywhere you want to go . my name be Stan Shunpike , and I will be your conductor this eve - " the conductor stop abruptly . he have just catch sight of Harry , who be still sit on the ground . Harry snatch up his wand again and scramble to his foot . close up , he see that Stan Shunpike be only a few year old than he be , eighteen or nineteen at most , with large , protrude ear and quite a few pimple . " what be you doin ' down there ? " say Stan , drop his professional manner . " fall over , " say Harry . " ' Choo fall over for ? " snigger Stan . " I do n't do it on purpose , " say Harry , annoy . one of the knee in his jean be tear , and the hand he have throw out to break his fall be bleed . he suddenly remember why he have fall over and turn around quickly to stare at the alleyway between the garage and fence . the Knight Bus 's headlamp be flood it with light , and it be empty . " ' Choo lookin ' at ? " say Stan . " there be a big black thing , " say Harry , point uncertainly into the gap . " like a dog ... but massive ... " he look around at Stan , whose mouth be slightly open . with a feeling of unease , Harry see Stan 's eye move to the scar on Harry 's forehead . " Woss that on your ' ead ? " say Stan abruptly . " nothing , " say Harry quickly , flatten his hair over his scar . if the Ministry of Magic be look for him , he do n't want to make it too easy for them . " Woss your name ? " Stan persist . " Neville Longbottom , " say Harry , say the first name that come into his head . " so -- so this bus , " he go on quickly , hope to distract Stan , " do you say it go anywhere ? " " Yep , " say Stan proudly , " anywhere you like , ' long it be on land . can n't do nuffink underwater . " ere , " he say , look suspicious again , " you do flag us down , dincha ? stick out your wand ' and , dincha ? " " yes , " say Harry quickly . " listen , how much would it be to get to London ? " " eleven Sickles , " say Stan , " but for firteen you get ' ot chocolate , and for fifteen you get an ' otwater bottle an ' a toofbrush in the color of your choice . " Harry rummage once more in his trunk , extract his money bag , and shove some gold into Stan 's hand . he and Stan then lift his trunk , with Hedwig 's cage balance on top , up the step of the bus . there be no seat ; instead , half a dozen brass bedstead stand beside the curtain window . candle be burn in bracket beside each bed , illuminate the wood-paneled wall . a tiny wizard in a nightcap at the rear of the bus mutter , " not now , thanks , I be pickle some slug " and roll over in his sleep . " you ' ave this one , " Stan whisper , shove Harry 's trunk under the bed right behind the driver , who be sit in an armchair in front of the steering wheel . " this be our driver , Ernie Prang . this be Neville Longbottom , Ern . " Ernie Prang , an elderly wizard wear very thick glass , nod to Harry , who nervously flatten his bang again and sit down on his bed . " Take'er away , Ern , " say Stan , sit down in the armchair next to Ernie 's . there be another tremendous Bang , and the next moment Harry find himself flat on his bed , throw backward by the speed of the Knight Bus . pull himself up , Harry stare out of the dark window and see that they be now bowl along a completely different street . Stan be watch Harry 's stun face with great enjoyment . " this be where we be before you flag us down , " he say . " where be we , Ern ? somewhere in Wales ? " " Ar , " say Ernie . " how come the Muggles do n't hear the bus ? " say Harry . " them ! " say Stan contemptuously . " Don ' listen properly , do they ? Don ' look properly either . never notice nuffink , they don ' . " " good go wake up Madam Marsh , Stan , " say Ern . " we will be in Abergavenny in a minute . " Stan pass Harry 's bed and disappear up a narrow wooden staircase . Harry be still look out of the window , feel increasingly nervous . Ernie do n't seem to have master the use of a steering wheel . the Knight Bus keep mount the pavement , but it do n't hit anything ; line of lamppost , mailbox , and trash can jump out of its way as it approach and back into position once it have pass . Stan come back downstairs , follow by a faintly green witch wrap in a travel cloak . " ' Ere you go , Madam Marsh , " say Stan happily as Ern stamp on the brake and the bed slide a foot or so toward the front of the bus . madam Marsh clamp a handkerchief to her mouth and totter down the step . Stan throw her bag out after her and ram the door shut ; there be another loud Bang , and they be thunder down a narrow country lane , tree leap out of the way . Harry would n't have be able to sleep even if he have be travel on a bus that do n't keep bang loudly and jump a hundred mile at a time . his stomach churn as he fall back to wonder what be go to happen to him , and whether the Dursley have manage to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet . Stan have unfurl a copy of the Daily Prophet and be now read with his tongue between his tooth . a large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long , matted hair blink slowly at Harry from the front page . he look strangely familiar . " that man ! " Harry say , forget his trouble for a moment . " he be on the Muggle news ! " Stanley turn to the front page and chuckle . " Sirius Black , " he say , nod . " ' Course ' e be on the Muggle news , Neville . where you be ? " he give a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on Harry 's face , remove the front page , and hand it to Harry . " you oughta read the paper more , Neville . " Harry hold the paper up to the candlelight and read : black Still AT Large Sirius Black , possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be hold in Azkaban fortress , be still elude capture , the Ministry of Magic confirm today . " we be do all we can to recapture Black , " say the Minister of Magic , Cornelius Fudge , this morning , " and we beg the magical community to remain calm . " fudge have be criticize by some member of the International Federation of Warlocks for inform the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis . " well , really , I have to , do n't you know , " say an irritable Fudge . " Black be mad . he be a danger to anyone who cross him , magic or Muggle . I have the Prime Minister 's assurance that he will not breathe a word of Black 's true identity to anyone . and let be face it -- who will believe him if he do ? " while Muggles have be tell that Black be carry a gun ( a kind of metal wand that Muggles use to kill each other ) , the magical community life in fear of a massacre like that of twelve year ago , when Black murder thirteen people with a single curse . Harry look into the shadow eye of Sirius Black , the only part of the sunken face that seem alive . Harry have never meet a vampire , but he have see picture of them in his defense against the dark Arts class , and Black , with his waxy white skin , look just like one . " Scary-lookin ' fing , inee ? " say Stan , who have be watch Harry read . " he murder thirteen people ? " say Harry , hand the page back to Stan , " with one curse ? " " Yep , " say Stan , " in front of witness an ' all . broad daylight . big trouble it cause , dinnit , Ern ? " " Ar , " say Ern darkly . Stan swivel in his armchair , his hand on the back , the well to look at Harry . " Black woz a big supporter of You-Know-'Oo , " he say . " what , Voldemort ? " say Harry , without thinking . even Stan 's pimple go white ; ern jerk the steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse have to jump aside to avoid the bus . " you outta your tree ? " yelp Stan . " ' Choo say ' be name for ? " " sorry , " say Harry hastily . " sorry , I -- I forget - " " Forgot ! " say Stan weakly . " Blimey , my ' eart be goin ' that fast ... " " so -- so Black be a supporter of You-Know-Who ? " Harry prompt apologetically . " yeah , " say Stan , still rub his chest . " yeah , that be right . very close to You-Know-'Oo , they say ... anyway , when little ' Arry Potter get the good of You-Know-'Oo " -- Harry nervously flatten his bang down again -- " all You-Know-'Oo 's supporter be track down , be n't they , Ern ? most of ' em know it be all over , wiv You-Know-'Oo go , and they come quiet . but not Sirius Black . I ' eard he think ' e will be second-in-command once You-Know-'Oo ' ad take over . " anyway , they corner Black in the middle of a street full of Muggles an ' Black take out ' be wand and ' e blast ' alf the street apart , an ' a wizard get it , an ' so do a dozen Muggles what get in the way . ' Orrible , eh ? an ' you know what Black do then ? " Stan continue in a dramatic whisper . " what ? " say Harry . " laugh , " say Stan . " jus ' stand there an ' laugh . an ' when reinforcement from the Ministry of Magic get there , ' e go wiv em quiet as anyfink , still laugh ' be ' ead off . ' Cos ' e be mad , inee , Ern ? Inee mad ? " " if he be n't when he go to Azkaban , he will be now , " say Ern in his slow voice . " I will blow meself up before I set foot in that place . serve him right , mind you ... after what he do ... " " they ' ad a job coverin ' it up , din ' they , Ern ? " Stan say . " ' Ole street blow up an ' all them Muggles dead . what be it they say ' ad ' appened , Ern ? " " gas explosion , " grunt Ernie . " an ' now ' e be out , " say Stan , examine the newspaper picture of Black 's gaunt face again . " never be a breakout from Azkaban before , ' as there , Ern ? beat me ' ow ' e do it . Frightenin ' , eh ? mind , I do n't fancy ' be chance against them Azkaban guard , eh , Ern ? " Ernie suddenly shiver . " talk about summat else , Stan , there be a good lad . them Azkaban guard give me the collywobbles . " Stan put the paper away reluctantly , and Harry lean against the window of the Knight Bus , feel bad than ever . he could n't help imagine what Stan might be tell his passenger in a few night ' time . " ' Ear about that ' Arry Potter ? blow up ' be aunt ! we ' ad ' im ' ere on the Knight Bus , di' n't we , Ern ? ' E be tryin ' to run for it ... " he , Harry , have break wizard law just like Sirius Black . be inflate Aunt Marge bad enough to land him in Azkaban ? Harry do n't know anything about the wizard prison , though everyone he have ever hear speak of it do so in the same fearful tone . Hagrid , the Hogwarts gamekeeper , have spend two month there only last year . Harry would n't soon forget the look of terror on Hagrid 's face when he have be tell where he be go , and Hagrid be one of the brave people Harry know . the Knight Bus roll through the darkness , scatter bush and wastebasket , telephone booth and tree , and Harry lie , restless and miserable , on his feather bed . after a while , Stan remember that Harry have pay for hot chocolate , but pour it all over Harry 's pillow when the bus move abruptly from Anglesea to Aberdeen . one by one , wizard and witch in dress gown and slipper descend from the upper floor to leave the bus . they all look very pleased to go . finally , Harry be the only passenger leave . " right then , Neville , " say Stan , clap his hand , " whereabouts in London ? " " Diagon Alley , " say Harry . " Righto , " say Stan . " ' Old tight , then . " bang . they be thunder along Charing Cross Road . Harry sit up and watch building and bench squeeze themselves out of the Knight Bus 's way . the sky be get a little light . he would lie low for a couple of hour , go to Gringotts the moment it open , then set off -- where , he do n't know . ern slam on the brake and the Knight Bus skid to a halt in front of a small and shabbylooking pub , the Leaky Cauldron , behind which lie the magical entrance to Diagon Alley . " thanks , " Harry say to ern . he jump down the step and help Stan lower his trunk and Hedwig 's cage onto the pavement . " well , " say Harry . " bye then ! " but Stan be n't pay attention . still stand in the doorway to the bus he be goggle at the shadowy entrance to the Leaky Cauldron . " there you be , Harry , " say a voice . before Harry could turn , he feel a hand on his shoulder . at the same time , Stan shout , " Blimey ! ern , come ' ere ! come ' ere ! " Harry look up at the owner of the hand on his shoulder and feel a bucketful of ice cascade into his stomach -- he have walk right into Cornelius Fudge , the Minister of Magic himself . Stan leap onto the pavement beside them . " what didja call Neville , Minister ? " he say excitedly . fudge , a portly little man in a long , pinstriped cloak , look cold and exhaust . " Neville ? " he repeat , frown . " this be Harry Potter . " " I know it ! " Stan shout gleefully . " ern ! ern ! guess ' oo Neville be , Ern ! ' E 's ' Arry Potter ! I can see ' be scar ! " " yes , " say Fudge testily , " well , I be very glad the Knight Bus pick Harry up , but he and I need to step inside the Leaky Cauldron now ... " Fudge increase the pressure on Harry 's shoulder , and Harry find himself be steer inside the pub . a stoop figure bear a lantern appear through the door behind the bar . it be Tom , the wizened , toothless landlord . " you have get him , Minister ! " say Tom . " will you be want anything ? beer ? brandy ? " " perhaps a pot of tea , " say Fudge , who still have n't let go of Harry . there be a loud scrape and puff from behind them , and Stan and Ern appear , carry Harry 's trunk and Hedwig 's cage and look around excitedly . " ' Ow come you di' n't tell us ' oo you be , eh , Neville ? " say Stan , beam at Harry , while Ernie 's owlish face peer interestedly over Stan 's shoulder . " and a private parlor , please , Tom , " say Fudge pointedly . " bye , " Harry say miserably to Stan and Ern as Tom beckon Fudge toward the passage that lead from the bar . " Bye , Neville ! " call Stan . Fudge march Harry along the narrow passage after Tom 's lantern , and then into a small parlor . Tom click his finger , a fire burst into life in the grate , and he bow himself out of the room . " sit down , Harry , " say Fudge , indicate a chair by the fire . Harry sit down , feel goose bump rise up his arm despite the glow of the fire . fudge take off his pinstriped cloak and toss it aside , then hitch up the trouser of his bottle-green suit and sit down opposite Harry . " I be Cornelius Fudge , Harry . the Minister of Magic . " Harry already know this , of course ; he have see Fudge once before , but as he have be wear his father 's Invisibility Cloak at the time , Fudge be n't to know that . Tom the innkeeper reappear , wear an apron over his nightshirt and bear a tray of tea and crumpet . he place the tray on a table between Fudge and Harry and leave the parlor , close the door behind him . " well , Harry , " say Fudge , pour out tea , " you have have us all in a right flap , I do n't mind tell you . run away from your aunt and uncle 's house like that ! I have start to think ... but you be safe , and that be what matter . " Fudge butter himself a crumpet and push the plate toward Harry . " eat , Harry , you look dead on your foot . now then ... you will be please to hear that we have deal with the unfortunate blowing-up of Miss Marjorie Dursley . two member of the Accidental Magic Reversal Department be dispatch to Privet Drive a few hour ago . Miss Dursley have be puncture and her memory have be modify . she have no recollection of the incident at all . so that be that , and no harm do . " Fudge smile at Harry over the rim of his teacup , rather like an uncle survey a favorite nephew . Harry , who could n't believe his ear , open his mouth to speak , could n't think of anything to say , and close it again . " ah , you be worry about the reaction of your aunt and uncle ? " say Fudge . " well , I wo n't deny that they be extremely angry , Harry , but they be prepare to take you back next summer as long as you stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holiday . " Harry unstick his throat . " I always stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holiday , " he say , " and I do n't ever want to go back to Privet Drive . " " now , now , I be sure you will feel differently once you have calm down , " say Fudge in a worried tone . " they be your family , after all , and I be sure you be fond of each other -- er -- very deep down . " it do n't occur to Harry to put Fudge right . he be still wait to hear what be go to happen to him now . " so all that remains , " say Fudge , now butter himself a second crumpet , " be to decide where you be go to spend the last two week of your vacation . I suggest you take a room here at the Leaky cauldron and ... " " Hang on , " blurt Harry . " what about my punishment ? " Fudge blink . " punishment ? " " I break the law ! " Harry say . " the decree for the restriction of Underage Wizardry ! " " oh , my dear boy , we be not go to punish you for a little thing like that ! " cry Fudge , wave his crumpet impatiently . " it be an accident ! we do n't send people to Azkaban just for blow up their aunt ! " but this do n't tally at all with Harry 's past dealings with the Ministry of Magic . " last year , I get an official warning just because a house-elf smash a pudding in my uncle 's house ! " he tell Fudge , frown . " the Ministry of Magic say I will be expel from Hogwarts if there be any more magic there ! " unless Harry 's eye be deceive him , Fudge be suddenly look awkward . " circumstance change , Harry ... we have to take into account ... in the present climate ... surely you do n't want to be expel ? " " of course I do n't , " say Harry . " well then , what be all the fuss about ? " laugh Fudge . " now , have a crumpet , Harry , while I go and see if Tom 's get a room for you . " Fudge stride out of the parlor and Harry stare after him . there be something extremely odd go on . why have Fudge be wait for him at the Leaky Cauldron , if not to punish him for what he have do ? and now Harry come to think of it , surely it be n't usual for the Minister of Magic himself to get involve in matter of underage magic ? fudge come back , accompany by Tom the innkeeper . " room eleven be free , Harry , " say Fudge . " I think you will be very comfortable just one thing , and I be sure you will understand ... I do n't want you wander off into Muggle London , all right ? keep to Diagon Alley . and you be to be back here before dark each night . sure you will understand . Tom will be keep an eye on you for me . " " okay , " say Harry slowly , " but why ? " " do n't want to lose you again , do we ? " say Fudge with a hearty laugh . " no , no ... well we know where you be ... I mean ... " Fudge clear his throat loudly and pick up his pinstriped cloak . " well , I will be off , plenty to do , you know ... " " Have you have any luck with Black yet ? " Harry ask . Fudge 's finger slip on the silver fastening of his cloak . " what be that ? oh , you have hear - well , no , not yet , but it be only a matter of time . the Azkaban guard have never yet fail ... and they be angry than I have ever see them . " fudge shudder slightly . " so , I will say good-bye . " he hold out his hand and Harry , shake it , have a sudden idea . " er -- Minister ? can I ask you something ? " " certainly , " say Fudge with a smile . " well , third year at Hogwarts be allow to visit Hogsmeade , but my aunt and uncle do n't sign the permission form . D'you think you could - ? " fudge be look uncomfortable . " ah , " he say . " no , no , I be very sorry , Harry , but as I be not your parent or guardian - " " but you be the Minister of Magic , " say Harry eagerly . " if you give me permission ... " " no , I be sorry , Harry , but rule be rule , " say Fudge flatly . " perhaps you will be able to visit Hogsmeade next year . in fact , I think it be good if you do n't ... yes ... well , I will be off . enjoy your stay , Harry . " and with a last smile and shake of Harry 's hand , Fudge leave the room . Tom now move forward , beam at Harry . " if you will follow me , Mr. Potter , " he say , " I have already take your thing up ... " Harry follow Tom up a handsome wooden staircase to a door with a brass number eleven on it , which Tom unlock and open for him . inside be a very comfortable-looking bed , some highly polished oak furniture , a cheerfully crackle fire and , perch on top of the wardrobe - " Hedwig ! " Harry gasp . the snowy owl click her beak and flutter down onto Harry 's arm . " very smart owl you have get there , " chuckle Tom . " arrive about five minute after you do . if there be anything you need , Mr. Potter , do n't hesitate to ask . " he give another bow and leave . Harry sit on his bed for a long time , absentmindedly stroke Hedwig . the sky outside the window be change rapidly from deep , velvety blue to cold , steely gray and then , slowly , to pink shot with gold . Harry could hardly believe that he have leave Privet Drive only a few hour ago , that he be n't expel , and that he be now face two completely Dursley-free week . " it have be a very weird night , Hedwig , " he yawn . and without even remove his glass , he slump back onto his pillow and fall asleep . chapter Four The Leaky Cauldron it take Harry several day to get use to his strange new freedom . never before have he be able to get up whenever he want or eat whatever he fancy . he could even go wherever he please , as long as it be in Diagon Alley , and as this long cobble street be pack with the most fascinating wizarding shop in the world , Harry feel no desire to break his word to Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world . Harry eat breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron , where he like watch the other guest : funny little witch from the country , up for a day 's shopping ; venerable-looking wizard argue over the late article in Transfiguration Today ; wild-looking warlock ; raucous dwarf ; and once , what look suspiciously like a hag , who order a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woolen balaclava . after breakfast Harry would go out into the backyard , take out his wand , tap the third brick from the left above the trash bin , and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley open in the wall . Harry spend the long sunny day explore the shop and eat under the brightly color umbrella outside cafe , where his fellow diner be show one another their purchase ( " it be a lunascope , old boy -- no more mess around with moon chart , see ? " ) or else discuss the case of Sirius Black ( " personally , I wo n't let any of the child out alone until he be back in Azkaban " ) . Harry do n't have to do his homework under the blanket by flashlight anymore ; now he could sit in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescue 's Ice Cream Parlor , finish all his essay with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself , who , apart from know a great deal about medieval witch burning , give Harry free sundae every half an hour . once Harry have refill his money bag with gold Galleons , silver Sickles , and bronze Knuts from his vault at Gringotts , he have to exercise a lot of self-control not to spend the whole lot at once . he have to keep remind himself that he have five year to go at Hogwarts , and how it would feel to ask the Dursley for money for spellbooks , to stop himself from buy a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones ( a wizarding game rather like marble , in which the stone squirt a nasty-smelling liquid into the other player 's face when they lose a point ) . he be sorely tempt , too , by the perfect , move model of the galaxy in a large glass ball , which would have mean he never have to take another Astronomy lesson . but the thing that test Harry be resolution most appear in his favorite shop , Quality Quidditch Supplies , a week after he have arrive at the Leaky Cauldron . curious to know what the crowd in the shop be stare at , Harry edge his way inside and squeeze in among the excited witch and wizard until he glimpse a newly erect podium , on which be mount the most magnificent broom he have ever see in his life . " just come out -- prototype - " a square-jawed wizard be tell his companion . " it be the fast broom in the world , be n't it , Dad ? " squeak a boy young than Harry , who be swing off his father 's arm . " Irish International Side 's just put in an order for seven of these beauty ! " the proprietor of the shop tell the crowd . " and they be favorite for the World Cup ! " a large witch in front of Harry move , and he be able to read the sign next to the broom : ** THE FIREBOLT ** This STATE-OF-THE-ART Racing Broom Sports A STREAM-LINED , SUPERFINE HANDLE of Ash , TREATED WITH A DIAMOND-HARD Polish and HANDNUMBERED WITH ITS Own Registration Number . each INDIVIDUALLY SELECTED Birch TWIG in the BROOMTAIL have Been HONED To AERODYNAMIC PERFECTION , GIVING THE FIREBOLT UNSURPASSABLE BALANCE and Pinpoint PRECISION . the FIREBOLT have an acceleration of @card@ mile an hour in TEN second and incorporate an unbreakable BRAKING Charm . price on REQUEST . price on request ... Harry do n't like to think how much gold the Firebolt would cost . he have never want anything as much in his whole life -- but he have never lose a Quidditch match on his Nimbus Two Thousand , and what be the point in empty his Gringotts vault for the Firebolt , when he have a very good broom already ? Harry do n't ask for the price , but he return , almost every day after that , just to look at the Firebolt . there be , however , thing that Harry need to buy . he go to the Apothecary to replenish his store of potion ingredient , and as his school robe be now several inch too short in the arm and leg , he visit Madam Malkin 's Robes for all occasion and buy new one . most important of all , he have to buy his new schoolbook , which would include those for his two new subject , Care of Magical Creatures and Divination . Harry get a surprise as he look in at the bookshop window . instead of the usual display of gold-embossed spellbooks the size of pave slab , there be a large iron cage behind the glass that hold about a hundred copy of the Monster Book of Monsters . torn page be fly everywhere as the book grapple with each other , lock together in furious wrestling match and snap aggressively . Harry pull his booklist out of his pocket and consult it for the first time . the Monster Book of Monsters be list as the require book for Care of Magical Creatures . now Harry understand why Hagrid have say it would come in useful . he feel relieve ; he have be wonder whether Hagrid want help with some terrifying new pet . as Harry enter Flourish and Blotts , the manager come hurry toward him . " Hogwarts ? " he say abruptly . " come to get your new book ? " " yes , " say Harry , " I need - " " get out of the way , " say the manager impatiently , brush Harry aside . he draw on a pair of very thick glove , pick up a large , knobbly walk stick , and proceed toward the door of the Monster Books ' cage . " hang on , " say Harry quickly , " I have already get one of those . " " have you ? " a look of enormous relief spread over the manager 's face . " thank heaven for that . I have be bite five time already this morning - " a loud ripping noise rent the air ; two of the Monster Books have seize a third and be pull it apart . " stop it ! stop it ! " cry the manager , poke the walk stick through the bar and knock the book apart . " I be never stock them again , never ! it have be bedlam ! I think we have see the bad when we buy two hundred copy of the invisible book of invisibility -- cost a fortune , and we never find them ... well ... be there anything else I can help you with ? " " yes , " say Harry , look down his booklist , " I need Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky . " " ah , start Divination , be you ? " say the manager , strip off his glove and lead Harry into the back of the shop , where there be a corner devote to fortune-telling . a small table be stack with volume such as predict the unpredictable : insulate Yourself against Shocks and Broken Balls : when Fortunes Turn Foul . " here you be , " say the manager , who have climb a set of step to take down a thick , blackbound book . " Unfogging the Future . very good guide to all your basic fortune-telling method -- palmistry , crystal ball , bird entrails . " but Harry be n't listen . his eye have fall on another book , which be among a display on a small table : Death Omens -- what to do when you know the Worst I Coming . " oh , I would n't read that if I be you , " say the manager lightly , look to see what Harry be stare at . " you will start see death omen everywhere . it be enough to frighten anyone to death . " but Harry continue to stare at the front cover of the book ; it show a black dog large as a bear , with gleam eye . it look oddly familiar ... the manager press Unfogging the Future into Harry 's hand . " anything else ? " he say . " yes , " say Harry , tear his eye away from the dog 's and dazedly consult his booklist . " er -- I need Intermediate Transfiguration and the Standard Book of Spells , Grade Three . " Harry emerge from Flourish and Blotts ten minute later with his new book under his arm and make his way back to the Leaky Cauldron , hardly notice where he be go and bump into several people . he tramp up the stair to his room , go inside , and tip his book onto his bed . somebody have be in to tidy ; the window be open and sun be pour inside . Harry could hear the bus roll by in the unseen Muggle street behind him and the sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley . he catch sight of himself in the mirror over the basin . " it ca n't have be a death omen , " he tell his reflection defiantly . " I be panick when I see that thing in Magnolia Crescent ... it be probably just a stray dog ... " he raise his hand automatically and try to make his hair lie flat " you be fight a lose battle there , dear , " say his mirror in a wheezy voice . as the day slip by , Harry start look wherever he go for a sign of Ron or Hermione . plenty of Hogwarts student be arrive in Diagon Alley now , with the start of term so near . Harry meet Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas , his fellow Gryffindors , in Quality Quidditch Supplies , where they too be ogle the Firebolt ; he also run into the real Neville Longbottom , a round-faced , forgetful boy , outside Flourish and Blotts . Harry do n't stop to chat ; Neville appear to have mislay his booklist and be be tell off by his very formidable-looking grandmother . Harry hope she never find out that he have pretend to be Neville while on the run from the Ministry of Magic . Harry wake on the last day of the holiday , think that he would at least meet Ron and Hermione tomorrow , on the Hogwarts Express . he get up , dress , go for a last look at the Firebolt , and be just wonder where he will have lunch , when someone yell his name and he turn . " Harry ! harry ! " they be there , both of them , sit outside Florean Fortescue 's Ice Cream Parlor -- Ron look incredibly freckly , Hermione very brown , both wave frantically at him . " finally ! " say Ron , grin at Harry as he sit down . " we go to the Leaky Cauldron , but they say you have leave , and we go to Flourish and Blotts , and Madam Malkin 's , and - " " I get all my school stuff last week , " Harry explain . " and how come you know I be stay at the Leaky Cauldron ? " " Dad , " say Ron simply . Mr. Weasley , who work at the Ministry of Magic , would of course have hear the whole story of what have happen to Aunt Marge . " do you really blow up your aunt , Harry ? " say Hermione in a very serious voice . " I do n't mean to , " say Harry , while Ron roar with laughter . " I just -- lose control . " " it be not funny , Ron , " say Hermione sharply . " honestly , I be amaze Harry be n't expel . " " so be I , " admit Harry . " forget expel , I think I be go to be arrest . " he look at Ron . " your dad do n't know why Fudge let me off , do he ? " " probably ' cause it be you , be n't it ? " shrug Ron , still chuckle . " Famous Harry Potter and all that . I will hate to see what the Ministry will do to me if I blow up an aunt . mind you , they will have to dig me up first , because Mum would have kill me . anyway , you can ask Dad yourself this evening . we be stay at the Leaky Cauldron tonight too ! so you can come to King 's Cross with us tomorrow ! Hermione be there as well ! " Hermione nod , beam . " Mum and Dad drop me off this morning with all my Hogwarts thing . " " excellent ! " say Harry happily . " so , have you get all your new book and stuff ? " " look at this , " say Ron , pull a long thin box out of a bag and open it . " brand-new wand . fourteen inch , willow , contain one unicorn tail-hair . and we have get all our book - " he point at a large bag under his chair . " what about those Monster Books , eh ? the assistant nearly cry when we say we want two . " " what be all that , Hermione ? " Harry ask , point at not one but three bulge bag in the chair next to her . " well , I be take more new subject than you , be n't I , " say Hermione . " those be my book for Arithmancy , Care of Magical Creatures , Divination , the study of Ancient Runes , Muggle Studies - " " what be you do Muggle Studies for ? " say Ron , roll his eye at Harry . " you be Muggleborn ! your mum and dad be Muggles ! you already know all about Muggles ! " " but it will be fascinating to study them from the wizarding point of view , " say Hermione earnestly . " be you plan to eat or sleep at all this year , Hermione ? " ask Harry , while Ron snigger . Hermione ignore them . " I have still get ten Galleons , " she say , check her purse . " it be my birthday in September , and Mum and Dad give me some money to get myself an early birthday present . " " how about a nice book ? say Ron innocently . " no , I do n't think so , " say Hermione composedly . " I really want an owl . I mean , Harry 's get Hedwig and you have get Errol - " " I have n't , " say Ron . " Errol be a family owl . all I have get be Scabbers . " he pull his pet rat out of his pocket . " and I want to get him check over , " he add , place Scabbers on the table in front of them . " I do n't think Egypt agree with him . " Scabbers be look thin than usual , and there be a definite droop to his whisker . " there be a magical creature shop just over there , " say Harry , who know Diagon Alley very well by now . " you could see if they have get anything for Scabbers , and Hermione can get her owl . " so they pay for their ice cream and cross the street to the Magical Menagerie . there be n't much room inside . every inch of wall be hide by cage . it be smelly and very noisy because the occupant of these cage be all squeak , squawk , jabber , or hiss . the witch behind the counter be already advise a wizard on the care of double-ended newt , so Harry , Ron , and Hermione wait , examine the cage . a pair of enormous purple toad sit gulp wetly and feast on dead blowfly . a gigantic tortoise with a jewel-encrusted shell be glitter near the window . poisonous orange snail be ooze slowly up the side of their glass tank , and a fat white rabbit keep change into a silk top hat and back again with a loud pop noise . then there be cat of every color , a noisy cage of raven , a basket of funny custard-colored furballs that be hum loudly , and on the counter , a vast cage of sleek black rat that be play some sort of skip game use their long , bald tail . the double-ended newt wizard leave , and Ron approach the counter . " it be my rat , " he tell the witch . " he have be a bit off-color ever since I bring him back from Egypt . " " bang him on the counter , " say the witch , pull a pair of heavy black spectacle out of her pocket . Ron lift Scabbers out of his inside pocket and place him next to the cage of his fellow rat , who stop their skip trick and scuffle to the wire for a well take . like nearly everything Ron own , Scabbers the rat be secondhand ( he have once belong to Ron 's brother Percy ) and a bit batter . next to the glossy rat in the cage , he look especially woebegone . " hm , " say the witch , pick up Scabbers . " how old be this rat ? " " dunno , " say Ron . " quite old . he use to belong to my brother . " " what power do he have ? " say the witch , examine Scabbers closely . " er - " the truth be that Scabbers have never show the faint trace of interesting power . the witch 's eye move from Scabbers 's tatter left ear to his front paw , which have a toe miss , and tut loudly . " he have be through the mill , this one , " she say . " he be like that when Percy give him to me , " say Ron defensively . " an ordinary common or garden rat like this ca n't be expect to live long than three year or so , " say the witch . " now , if you be look for something a bit more hard-wearing , you might like one of these - " she indicate the black rat , who promptly start skip again . Ron mutter , " Show-offs . " " well , if you do n't want a replacement , you can try this rat tonic , " say the witch , reach under the counter and bring out a small red bottle . " okay , " say Ron . " how much -- ouch ! " Ron buckle as something huge and orange come soar from the top of the high cage , land on his head , and then propel itself , spit madly , at Scabbers . " no , Crookshanks , No ! " cry the witch , but Scabbers shoot from between her hand like a bar of soap , land splay-legged on the floor , and then scamper for the door . " Scabbers ! " Ron shout , race out of the shop after him ; Harry follow . it take them nearly ten minute to catch Scabbers , who have take refuge under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies . Ron stuff the tremble rat back into his pocket and straighten up , massage his head . " what be that ? " " it be either a very big cat or quite a small tiger , " say Harry . " where be Hermione ? " " probably get her owl . " they make their way back up the crowded street to the Magical Menagerie . as they reach it , Hermione come out , but she be n't carry an owl . her arm be clamp tightly around the enormous ginger cat . " you buy that monster ? " say Ron , his mouth hang open . " he be gorgeous , be n't he ? " say Hermione , glowing . that be a matter of opinion , think Harry . the cat 's ginger fur be thick and fluffy , but it be definitely a bit bowlegged and its face look grumpy and oddly squash , as though it have run headlong into a brick wall . now that Scabbers be out of sight , however , the cat be purr contentedly in Hermione 's arm . " Hermione , that thing nearly scalp me ! " say Ron . " he do n't mean to , do you , Crookshanks ? " say Hermione . " and what about Scabbers ? " say Ron , point at the lump in his chest pocket . " he need rest and relaxation ! how be he go to get it with that thing around ? " " that remind me , you forget your rat tonic , " say Hermione , slap the small red bottle into Ron 's hand . " and stop worry , Crookshanks will be sleep in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours , what be the problem ? Poor Crookshanks , that witch say he have be in there for age ; no one want him . " " wonder why , " say Ron sarcastically as they set off toward the Leaky Cauldron . they find Mr. Weasley sit in the bar , read the Daily Prophet . " Harry ! " he say , smile as he look up . " how be you ? " " fine , thanks , " say Harry as he , Ron , and Hermione join Mr. Weasley with their shopping . Mr. Weasley put down his paper , and Harry see the now familiar picture of Sirius Black stare up at him . " they still have n't catch him , then ? " he ask . " no , " say Mr. Weasley , look extremely grave . " they have pull us all off our regular job at the Ministry to try and find him , but no luck so far . " " would we get a reward if we catch him ? " ask Ron . " it will be good to get some more money - " " do n't be ridiculous , Ron , " say Mr. Weasley , who on close inspection look very strained . " Black be not go to be catch by a thirteen-year-old wizard . it be the Azkaban guard who will get him back , you mark my word . " at that moment Mrs. Weasley enter the bar , lade with shopping bag and follow by the twin , Fred and George , who be about to start their fifth year at Hogwarts ; the newly elect Head Boy , Percy ; and the Weasleys ' young child and only girl , Ginny . Ginny , who have always be very take with Harry , seem even more heartily embarrass than usual when she see him , perhaps because he have save her life during their previous year at Hogwarts . she go very red and mutter " hello " without look at him . Percy , however , hold out his hand solemnly as though he and Harry have never meet and say , " Harry . how nice to see you . " " hello , Percy , " say Harry , try not to laugh . " I hope you be well ? " say Percy pompously , shake hand . it be rather like be introduce to the mayor . " very well , thanks - " " Harry ! " say Fred , elbow Percy out of the way and bow deeply . " simply splendid to see you , old boy - " " marvelous , " say George , push Fred aside and seize Harry 's hand in turn . " absolutely spiffing . " Percy scowl . " that be enough , now , " say Mrs. Weasley . " mum ! " say Fred , as though he will only just spot her and seize her hand , too . " how really corking to see you - " " I say , that be enough , " say Mrs. Weasley , deposit her shopping in an empty chair . " hello , Harry , dear . I suppose you have hear our exciting news ? " she point to the brand-new silver badge on Percy 's chest . " Second Head Boy in the family ! " she say , swell with pride . " and last , " Fred mutter under his breath . " I do n't doubt that , " say Mrs. Weasley , frown suddenly . " I notice they have n't make you two prefect . " " what do we want to be prefect for ? " say George , look revolt at the very idea . " it will take all the fun out of life . " Ginny giggle . " you want to set a good example for your sister ! " snap Mrs. Weasley . " Ginny 's get other brother to set her an example , Mother , " say Percy loftily . " I be go up to change for dinner ... " he disappear and George heave a sigh . " we try to shut him in a pyramid , " he tell Harry . " but Mum spot us . " dinner that night be a very enjoyable affair . Tom the innkeeper put three table together in the parlor , and the seven Weasleys , Harry , and Hermione eat their way through five delicious course . " how be we get to King 's Cross tomorrow , Dad ? " ask Fred as they dig into a sumptuous chocolate pudding . " the Ministry be provide a couple of car , " say Mr. Weasley . everyone look up at him . " why ? " say Percy curiously . " it be because of you , Perce , " say George seriously . " and there will be little flag on the hood , with HB on them - " " - for Humongous Bighead , " say Fred . everyone except Percy and Mrs. Weasley snort into their pudding . " why be the Ministry provide car , Father ? " Percy ask again , in a dignified voice . " well , as we have n't get one anymore , " say Mr. Weasley , " and as I work there , they be do me a favor ... " his voice be casual , but Harry could n't help notice that Mr. Wesley 's ear have go red , just like Ron 's do when he be under pressure . " good thing , too , " say Mrs. Weasley briskly . " do you realize how much luggage you have all get between you ? a nice sight you will be on the Muggle underground ... you be all pack , be n't you ? " " Ron have n't put all his new thing in his trunk yet , " say Percy , in a long-suffering voice . " he have dump them on my bed . " " you will well go and pack properly , Ron , because we wo n't have much time in the morning , " Mrs. Weasley call down the table . Ron scowl at Percy . after dinner everyone feel very full and sleepy . one by one they make their way upstairs to their room to check their thing for the next day . Ron and Percy be next door to Harry . he have just close and lock his own trunk when he hear angry voice through the wall , and go to see what be go on . the door of number twelve be ajar and Percy be shout . " it be here , on the bedside table , I take it off for polishing - " " I have n't touch it , all right ? " Ron roar back . " what be up ? " say Harry . " my Head Boy badge be go , " say Percy , round on Harry . " so be Scabbers 's Rat Tonic , " say Ron , throw thing out of his trunk to look . " I think I might have leave it in the bar - " " you be not go anywhere till you have find my badge ! " yell Percy . " I will get Scabbers 's stuff , I be pack , " Harry say to Ron , and he go downstairs . Harry be halfway along the passage to the bar , which be now very dark , when he hear another pair of angry voice come from the parlor . a second later , he recognize them as Mr. and Mrs. Weasleys ' . he hesitate , not want them to know he have hear them argue , when the sound of his own name make him stop , then move closer to the parlor door . " ... make no sense not to tell him , " Mr. Weasley be say heatedly . " Harry 's get a right to know . I have try to tell Fudge , but he insist on treat Harry like a child . he be thirteen year old and - " " Arthur , the truth would terrify him ! " say Mrs. Weasley shrilly . " do you really want to send Harry back to school with that hanging over him ? for heaven 's sake , he be happy not know ! " " I do n't want to make him miserable , I want to put him on his guard ! " retort Mr. Weasley . " you know what Harry and Ron be like , wander off by themselves -- they have end up in the Forbidden Forest twice ! but Harry must n't do that this year ! when I think what could have happen to him that night he run away from home ! if the Knight Bus have n't pick him up , I be prepare to bet he would have be dead before the Ministry find him . " " but he be not dead , he be fine , so what be the point - " " Molly , they say Sirius Black 's mad , and maybe he be , but he be clever enough to escape from Azkaban , and that be suppose to be impossible . it have be three week , and no one have see hide nor hair of him , and I do n't care what Fudge keep tell the Daily Prophet , we be no near catch Black than invent self-spelling wand . the only thing we know for sure be what Black be after - " " but Harry will be perfectly safe at Hogwarts . " " we think Azkaban be perfectly safe . if Black can break out of Azkaban , he can break into Hogwarts . " " but no one be really sure that Black 's after Harry - " there be a thud on wood , and Harry be sure Mr. Weasley have bang his fist on the table . " Molly , how many time do I have to tell you ? they do n't report it in the press because Fudge want it keep quiet , but Fudge go out to Azkaban the night Black escape . the guard tell Fudge that Blacks be talk in his sleep for a while now . always the same word : ' he be at Hogwarts ... he be at Hogwarts . ' Black be derange , Molly , and he want Harry dead . if you ask me , he think murder Harry will bring You-Know-Who back to power . Black lose everything the night Harry stop You-Know-Who , and he have have twelve year alone in Azkaban to brood on that ... " there be a silence . Harry lean still closer to the door , desperate to hear more . " well , Arthur , you must do what you think be right . but you be forget Albus Dumbledore . I do n't think anything could hurt Harry at Hogwarts while Dumbledore 's Headmaster . I suppose he know about all this ? " " of course he know . we have to ask him if he mind the Azkaban guard station themselves around the entrance to the school ground . he be n't happy about it , but he agree . " " not happy ? why should n't he be happy , if they be there to catch Black ? " " Dumbledore be n't fond of the Azkaban guard , " say Mr. Weasley heavily . " nor be I , if it come to that ... but when you be deal with a wizard like Black , you sometimes have to join force with those you will rather avoid . " " if they save Harry - " " - then I will never say another word against them , " say Mr. Weasley wearily . " it be late , Molly , we will well go up ... " Harry hear chair move . as quietly as he could , he hurry down the passage to the bar and out of sight . the parlor door open , and a few second late footstep tell him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley be climb the stair . the bottle of rat tonic be lie under the table they have sit at earlier . Harry wait until he hear Mr. and Mrs. Wesley 's bedroom door close , then head back upstairs with the bottle . Fred and George be crouch in the shadow on the landing , heave with laughter as they listen to Percy dismantle his and Ron 's room in search of his badge . " we have get it , " Fred whisper to Harry . " we have be improve it . " the badge now read Bighead Boy . Harry force a laugh , go to give Ron the rat tonic , then shut himself in his room and lay down on his bed . so Sirius Black be after him . this explain everything . Fudge have be lenient with him because he be so relieve to find him alive . he have make Harry promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there be plenty of wizard to keep an eye on him . and he be send two Ministry car to take them all to the station tomorrow , so that the Weasleys could look after Harry until he be on the train . Harry lie listen to the muffle shouting next door and wonder why he do n't feel more scared . Sirius Black have murder thirteen people with one curse ; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley obviously think Harry would be panic-stricken if he know the truth . but Harry happen to agree wholeheartedly with Mrs. Weasley that the safe place on earth be wherever Albus Dumbledore happen to be . do n't people always say that Dumbledore be the only person Lord Voldemort have ever be afraid of ? surely Black , as Voldemort 's right-hand man , would be just as frightened of him ? and then there be these Azkaban guard everyone keep talk about . they seem to scare most people senseless , and if they be station all around the school , Black 's chance of get inside seem very remote . no , all in all , the thing that bother Harry most be the fact that his chance of visit Hogsmeade now look like zero . nobody would want Harry to leave the safety of the castle until Black be catch ; in fact , Harry suspect his every move would be carefully watch until the danger have pass . he scowl at the dark ceiling . do they think he could n't look after himself ? he have escape Lord Voldemort three time ; he be n't completely useless ... Unbidden , the image of the beast in the shadow of Magnolia Crescent cross his mind . what to do when you know the bad be come ... " I be not go to be murder , " Harry say out loud . " that be the spirit , dear , " say his mirror sleepily . chapter FIVE The Dementor Tom wake Harry the next morning with his usual toothless grin and a cup of tea . Harry get dress and be just persuade a disgruntled Hedwig to get back into her cage when Ron bang his way into the room , pull a sweatshirt over his head and look irritable . " the sooner we get on the train , the good , " he say . " at least I can get away from Percy at Hogwarts . now he be accuse me of drip tea on his photo of Penelope Clearwater . you know , " Ron grimace , " his girlfriend . she have hide her face under the frame because her nose have go all blotchy ... " " I have get something to tell you , " Harry begin , but they be interrupt by Fred and George , who have look in to congratulate Ron on infuriate Percy again . they head down to breakfast , where Mr. Weasley be read the front page of the Daily Prophet with a furrow brow and Mrs. Weasley be tell Hermione and Ginny about a love potion she have make as a young girl . all three of them be rather giggly . " what be you say ? " Ron ask Harry as they sit down . " later , " Harry mutter as Percy storm in . Harry have no chance to speak to Ron or Hermione in the chaos of leave ; they be too busy heave all their trunk down the Leaky Cauldron 's narrow staircase and pile them up near the door , with Hedwig and Hermes , Percy 's screech owl , perch on top in their cage . a small wickerwork basket stand beside the heap of trunk , spit loudly . " it be all right , Crookshanks , " Hermione coo through the wickerwork . " I will let you out on the train . " " you wo n't , " snap Ron . " what about poor Scabbers , eh ? " he point at his chest , where a large lump indicate that Scabbers be curl up in his pocket . Mr. Weasley , who have be outside wait for the Ministry car , stick his head inside . " they be here , " he say . " Harry , come on . " Mr. Weasley march Harry across the short stretch of pavement toward the first of two oldfashioned dark green car , each of which be drive by a furtive-looking wizard wear a suit of emerald velvet . " in you get , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley , glance up and down the crowded street . Harry get into the back of the car and be shortly join by Hermione , Ron , and , to Ron 's disgust , Percy . the journey to King 's Cross be very uneventful compare with Harry 's trip on the Knight Bus . the Ministry of Magic car seem almost ordinary . though Harry notice that they could slide through gap that Uncle Vernon 's new company car certainly could n't have manage . they reach King 's Cross with twenty minute to spare ; the Ministry driver find them trolley , unload their trunk , touch their hat in salute to Mr. Weasley , and drive away , somehow manage to jump to the head of an unmove line at the traffic light . Mr. Weasley keep close to Harry 's elbow all the way into the station . " right then , " he say , glance around them . " let be do this in pair , as there be so many of us . I will go through first with Harry . " Mr. Weasley stroll toward the barrier between platform nine and ten , push Harry 's trolley and apparently very interested in the InterCity @card@ that have just arrive at platform nine . with a meaningful look at Harry , he lean casually against the barrier . Harry imitate him . in a moment , they have fall sideways through the solid metal onto platform nine and threequarters and look up to see the Hogwarts Express , a scarlet steam engine , puff smoke over a platform pack with witch and wizard see their child onto the train . Percy and Ginny suddenly appear behind Harry . they be pant and have apparently take the barrier at a run . " ah , there be Penelope ! " say Percy , smooth his hair and go pink again . Ginny catch Harry 's eye , and they both turn away to hide their laughter as Percy stride over to a girl with long , curly hair , walk with his chest throw out so that she could n't miss his shiny badge . once the remain Weasleys and Hermione have join them , Harry and Mr. Weasley lead the way to the end of the train , past packed compartment , to a carriage that look quite empty . they load the trunk onto it , stow Hedwig and Crookshanks in the luggage rack , then go back outside to say goodbye to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley . Mrs. Weasley kiss all her child , then Hermione , and finally Harry . he be embarrass , but really quite pleased , when she give him an extra hug . " do take care , wo n't you Harry ? " she say as she straighten up , her eye oddly bright . then she open her enormous handbag and say , " I have make you all sandwich . here you be , Ron ... no , they be not corn beef ... Fred ? where be Fred ? here you be dear ... " " Harry , " say Mr. Weasley quietly , " come over here for a moment . " he jerk his head towards a pillar , and Harry follow him behind it , leave the other crowd around Mrs. Weasley . " there be something I have get to tell you before you leave - " say Mr. Weasley in a tense voice . " it be all right , Mr. Weasley , " say Harry , " I already know . " " you know ? how could you know ? " " I -- er -- I hear you and Mrs. Wesley talk last night . I could n't help hearing , " Harry add quickly . " sorry - " " that be not the way I will have choose for you to find out , " say Mr. Weasley look anxious. . " no -- honestly it'sokay . this way , you have n't break your word to Fudge and I know what be go on . " " Harry , you must be scare -- " " I be not , " say Harry sincerely . " really , " he add , because Mr. Weasley be look disbelieve . " I be not try to be a hero , but seriously , Sirius Black ca n't be bad than Lord Voldemort , can he ? " Mr. Weasley flinch at the sound of the name , but overlook it . " Harry , I know you be , well , make of strong stuff than Fudge seem to think , and I be obviously please that you be not scare , but - " " Arthur ! " call Mrs. Weasley , who be now shepherd the rest onto the train . " Arthur , what be you do ? it be about to go ! " " he be come Molly ! " say Mr. Weasley , but he turn back to Harry and keep talk in a low and more hurried voice , " Listen , I want you to give me your word - " " -- that I will be a good boy and stay in the castle ? " say Harry gloomily . " not entirely , " say Mr. Weasley , who look more serious than Harry have ever see him . " Harry , swear to me you wo n't go look for Black . " Harry stare , " what ! " there be a loud whistle . guard be walk along the train , slam all the door shut . " promise me , Harry , " say Mr. Weasley , talk more quickly still , " that whatever happen - " " why would I go look for someone I know want to kill me ? " say Harry blankly . " swear to me that whatever you might hear - " " Arthur , quickly ! " cry Mrs. Weasley . steam be billow from the train it have start to move . Harry run to the compartment door and Ron throw it open and stand back to let him on . they lean out of the window and wave at Mr. and Mrs. Weasley until the train turn a corner and block them from view . " I need to talk to you in private , " Harry mutter to Ron and Hermione as the train pick up speed . " go away , Ginny , " say Ron . " oh , that be nice , " say Ginny huffily , and she stalk off . Harry , Ron , and Hermione set off down the corridor , look for an empty compartment , but all be full except for the one at the very end of the train . this have only one occupant , a man sit fast asleep next to the window . Harry , Ron , and Hermione check on the threshold . the Hogwarts Express be usually reserve for student and they have never see an adult there before , except for the witch who push the food cart . the stranger be wear an extremely shabby set of wizard 's robe that have be darn in several place . he look ill and exhaust . though quite young , his light brown hair be fleck with gray . " who d'you reckon he be ? " Ron hiss as they sit down and slide the door shut , take the seat farthest away from the window . " Professor R. J. Lupin . " whisper Hermione at once . " how will you know that ? " " it be on his case , " she reply , point at the luggage rack over the man 's head , where there be a small , battered case hold together with a large quantity of neatly knotted string . the name Professor R. J. Lupin be stamp across one corner in peel letter . " wonder what he teach ? " say Ron , frown at Professor Lupin 's pallid profile . " that be obvious , " whisper Hermione . " there be only one vacancy , be n't there ? defense against the dark art . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione have already have two defense against the dark Arts teacher , both of whom have last only one year . there be rumor that the job be jinx . " well , I hope he be up to it , " say Ron doubtfully . " he look like one good hex would finish him off , do n't he ? anyway ... " he turn to Harry , " what be you go to tell us ? " Harry explain all about Mr. and Mrs. Wesley 's argument and the warn Mr. Weasley have just give him . when he have finish , Ron look thunderstruck , and Hermione have her hand over her mouth . she finally lower them to say , " Sirius Black escape to come after you ? oh , Harry ... you will have to be really , really careful . do n't go look for trouble , Harry ... " " I do n't go look for trouble , " say Harry , nettle . " trouble usually find me . " " how thick would Harry have to be , to go look for a nutter who want to kill him ? " say Ron shakily . they be take the news bad than Harry have expect . both Ron and Hermione seem to be much more frightened of Black than he be . " no one know how he get out of Azkaban , " say Ron uncomfortably . " no one be ever do it before . and he be a top-security prisoner too . " " but they will catch him , wo n't they ? " say Hermione earnestly . " I mean , they have get all the Muggles look out for him too ... " " what be that noise ? " say Ron suddenly . a faint , tinny sort of whistle be come from somewhere . they look all around the compartment . " it be come from your trunk , Harry , " say Ron , stand up and reach into the luggage rack . a moment later he have pull the Pocket Sneakoscope out from between Harry 's robe . it be spin very fast in the palm of Ron 's hand and glow brilliantly . " be that a Sneakoscope ? " say Hermione interestedly , stand up for a good look . " yeah ... mind you , it be a very cheap one , " Ron say . " it go haywire just as I be tie it to Errol 's leg to send it to Harry . " " be you do anything untrustworthy at the time ? " say Hermione shrewdly . " no ! well ... I be n't suppose to be use Errol . you know he be not really up to long journey ... but how else be I suppose to get Harry 's present to him ? " " stick it back in the trunk , " Harry advise as the Sneakoscope whistle piercingly , " or it will wake him up . " he nod toward Professor Lupin . Ron stuff the Sneakoscope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle Vernon 's old sock , which deaden the sound , then close the lid of the trunk on it . " we could get it check in Hogsmeade , " say Ron , sit back down . " they sell that sort of thing in Dervish and Banges , magical instrument and stuff . Fred and George tell me . " " do you know much about Hogsmeade ? " ask Hermione keenly . " I have read it be the only entirely non-Muggle settlement in Britain - " " Yeah , I think it be , " say Ron in an offhand sort of way . " but that be not why I want to go . I just want to get inside Honeydukes ! " " what be that ? " say Hermione . " it be this sweetshop , " say Ron , a dreamy look come over his face , " where they have get everything ... Pepper Imps -- they make you smoke at the mouth -- and great fat Chocoballs full of strawberry mousse and clot cream , and really excellent sugar quill , which you can suck in class and just look like you be think what to write next - " " but Hogsmeade be a very interesting place , be n't it ? " Hermione press on eagerly . " in Sites of historical Sorcery it say the inn be the headquarters for the @card@ goblin rebellion , and the Shrieking Shack be suppose to be the most severely haunt building in Britain - " " - and massive sherbet ball that make you levitate a few inch off the ground while you be suck them , " say Ron , who be plainly not listen to a word Hermione be say . Hermione look around at Harry . " wo n't it be nice to get out of school for a bit and explore Hogsmeade ? " " ' Spect it will , " say Harry heavily . " you will have to tell me when you have find out . " " what d'you mean ? " say Ron . " I ca n't go . the Dursley do n't sign my permission form , and Fudge would n't either . " Ron look horrify . " you be not allow to come ? but -- no way -- McGonagall or someone will give you permission - " Harry give a hollow laugh . Professor McGonagall , head of Gryffindor house , be very strict . " - or we can ask Fred and George , they know every secret passage out of the castle - " " Ron ! " say Hermione sharply . " I do n't think Harry should be sneak out of the school with Black on the loose - " " Yeah , I expect that be what McGonagall will say when I ask of permission , " say Harry bitterly . " but if we be with him , " say Ron spiritedly to Hermione . " Black would n't dare - " " oh , Ron , do n't talk rubbish , " snap Hermione . " Black 's already murder a whole bunch of people in the middle of a crowded street , do you really think he be go to worry about attack Harry just because we be there ? " she be fumble with the strap of Crookshanks 's basket as she speak . " do n't let that thing out ! " Ron say , but too late ; Crookshanks leap lightly from the basket , stretch , yawn , and spring onto Ron 's knee ; the lump in Ron 's pocket tremble and he shove Crookshanks angrily away . " get out of it ! " " Ron , do n't ! " say Hermione angrily . Ron be about to answer back when Professor Lupin stir . they watch him apprehensively , but he simply turn his head the other way , mouth slightly open , and sleep on . the Hogwarts Express move steadily north and the scenery outside the window become wild and dark while the cloud overhead thicken overhead . people be chase backwards and forwards past the door of their compartment . Crookshanks have now settle in an empty seat , his squash face turn towards Ron , his yellow eye on Ron 's top pocket . at one o'clock the plump witch with the food cart arrive at the compartment door . " D'you think we should wake him up ? " Ron ask awkwardly , nod towards Professor Lupin . " he look like he could do with some food . " Hermione approach Professor Lupin cautiously . " er -- Professor ? " she say . " excuse me -- Professor ? " he do n't move . " do n't worry , dear , " say the witch , as she hand a large stack of cauldron cake . " if he be hungry when he wake , I will be up front with the driver . " " I suppose he be asleep ? " say Ron quietly , as the witch slide the compartment door close . " I mean -- he have n't die , have he ? " " no , no , he be breathe , " whisper Hermione , take the cauldron cake Harry pass her . he might not be very good company , but Professor Lupin 's presence in their compartment have its use . mid-afternoon , just as it have start to rain , blur the roll hill outside the window , they hear footstep outside in the corridor again , and their three least favorite people appear at the door : Draco Malfoy , flank by his crony , Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle . Draco Malfoy and Harry have be enemy ever since they have meet on their very first journey to Hogwarts . Malfoy , who have a pale , point , sneer face , be in Slytherin house ; he play Seeker on the Slytherin Quidditch team , the same position that Harry play on the Gryffindor team . Crabbe and Goyle seem to exist to do Malfoy 's bidding . they be both wide and muscley ; Crabbe be tall , with a pudding-bowl haircut and a very thick neck ; Goyle have short , bristly hair and long , gorilla arm . " well , look who it be , " say Malfoy in his usual lazy drawl , pull open the compartment door . " potty and the Weasel . " Crabbe and Goyle chuckle trollishly . " I hear your father finally get his hand on some gold this summer , Weasley , " say Malfoy . " do your mother die of shock ? " Ron stand up so quickly he knock Crookshanks 's basket to the floor . Professor Lupin give a snort . " who be that ? " say Malfoy , take an automatic step backward as he spot Lupin . " new teacher , " say Harry , who get to his foot , too , in case he need to hold Ron back . " what be you say , Malfoy ? " Malfoy 's pale eye narrow ; he be n't fool enough to pick a fight right under a teacher 's nose . " C'mon , " he mutter resentfully to Crabbe and Goyle , and they disappear . Harry and Ron sit down again , Ron massage his knuckle . " I be not go to take any crap from Malfoy this year , " he say angrily . " I mean it . if he make one more crack about my family , I be go to get hold of his head and - " Ron make a violent gesture in midair . " Ron , " hiss Hermione , point at Professor Lupin , " be careful ... " but Professor Lupin be still fast asleep . the rain thicken as the train speed yet farther north ; the window be now a solid , shimmer gray , which gradually darken until lantern flicker into life all along the corridor and over the luggage rack . the train rattle , the rain hammer , the wind roar , but still , Professor Lupin sleep . " we must be nearly there , " say Ron , lean forward to look past Professor Lupin at the now completely black window . the word have hardly leave him when the train start to slow down . " great , " say Ron , get up and walk carefully past Professor Lupin to try and see outside . " I be starve . I want to get to the feast ... " " we ca n't be there yet , " say Hermione , check her watch . " so why be we stop ? " the train be get slow and slow . as the noise of the piston fall away , the wind and rain sound louder than ever against the window . Harry , who be nearest the door , get up to look into the corridor . all along the carriage , head be stick curiously out of their compartment . the train come to a stop with a jolt , and distant thud and bang tell them that luggage have fall out of the rack . then , without warning , all the lamp go out and they be plunge into total darkness . " what be go on ? " say Ron 's voice from behind Harry . " ouch ! " gasp Hermione . " Ron , that be my foot ! " Harry feel his way back to his seat . " D'you think we have break down ? " " dunno ... " there be a squeak sound , and Harry see the dim black outline of Ron , wipe a patch clean on the window and peer out . " there be something move out there , " Ron say . " I think people be come aboard ... " the compartment door suddenly open and someone fall painfully over Harry 's leg . " sorry ! D'you know what be go on ? Ouch ! sorry - " " Hullo , Neville , " say Harry , feel around in the dark and pull Neville up by his cloak . " Harry ? be that you ? what be happen ? " " no idea ! sit down - " there be a loud hiss and a yelp of pain ; Neville have try to sit on Crookshanks . " I be go to go and ask the driver what be go on , " come Hermione 's voice . Harry feel her pass him , hear the door slide open again , and then a thud and two loud squeal of pain . " who be that ? " " who be that ? " " Ginny ? " " Hermione ? " " what be you do ? " " I be look for Ron - " " come in and sit down - " " not here ! " say Harry hurriedly . " I be here ! " " Ouch ! " say Neville . " quiet ! " say a hoarse voice suddenly . Professor Lupin appear to have wake up at last . Harry could hear movement in his corner . none of them speak . there be a soft , crackle noise , and a shiver light fill the compartment . Professor Lupin appear to be hold a handful of flame . they illuminate his tired , gray face , but his eye look alert and wary . " stay where you be . " he say in the same hoarse voice , and he get slowly to his foot with his handful of fire hold out in front of him . but the door slide slowly open before Lupin could reach it . stand in the doorway , illuminate by the shiver flame in Lupin 's hand , be a cloak figure that towered to the ceiling . its face be completely hide beneath its hood . Harry 's eye dart downward , and what he see make his stomach contract . there be a hand protrude from the cloak and it be glisten , grayish , slimy-looking , and scab , like something dead that have decay in water ... but it be visible only for a split second . as though the creature beneath the cloak sense Harry 's gaze , the hand be suddenly withdraw into the fold of its black cloak . and then the thing beneath the hood , whatever it be , draw a long , slow , rattle breath , as though it be try to suck something more than air from its surroundings . an intense cold sweep over them all . Harry feel his own breath catch in his chest . the cold go deep than his skin . it be inside his chest , it be inside his very heart ... Harry 's eye roll up into his head . he could n't see . he be drown in cold . there be a rush in his ear as though of water . he be be drag downward , the roaring grow louder ... and then , from far away , he hear scream , terrible , terrify , plead scream . he want to help whoever it be , he try to move his arm , but could n't ... a thick white fog be swirl around him , inside him - " Harry ! Harry ! be you all right ? " someone be slap his face . " W-what ? " Harry open his eye ; there be lantern above him , and the floor be shake -- the Hogwarts Express be move again and the light have come back on . he seem to have slide out of his seat onto the floor . Ron and Hermione be kneel next to him , and above them he could see Neville and Professor Lupin watch . Harry feel very sick ; when he put up his hand to push his glass back on , he feel cold sweat on his face . Ron and Hermione heave him back onto his seat . " be you okay ? " Ron ask nervously . " yeah , " say Harry , look quickly toward the door . the hooded creature have vanish . " what happen ? where be that -- that thing ? who scream ? " " no one scream , " say Ron , more nervously still . Harry look around the bright compartment . Ginny and Neville look back at him , both very pale . " but I hear scream - " a loud snap make them all jump . Professor Lupin be break an enormous slab of chocolate into piece . " here , " he say to Harry , hand him a particularly large piece . " eat it . it will help . " Harry take the chocolate but do n't eat it . " what be that thing ? " he ask Lupin . " a Dementor , " say Lupin , who be now give chocolate to everyone else . " one of the Dementors of Azkaban . " everyone stare at him . Professor Lupin crumple up the empty chocolate wrapper and put it in his pocket . " eat , " he repeat . " it will help . I need to speak to the driver , excuse me ... " he stroll past Harry and disappear into the corridor . " be you sure you be okay , Harry ? " say Hermione , watch Harry anxiously . " I do n't get it ... what happen ? " say Harry , wipe more sweat off his face . " well -- that thing -- the Dementor -- stand there and look around ( I mean , I think it do , I could n't see its face ) -- and you -- you - " " I think you be have a fit or something , " say Ron , who still look scare . " you go sort of rigid and fall out of your seat and start twitch - " " and Professor Lupin step over you , and walk toward the Dementor , and pull out his wand , " say Hermione , " and he say , ' none of us be hide Sirius Black under our cloak . go . ' but the Dementor do n't move , so Lupin mutter something , and a silvery thing shoot out of his wand at it , and it turn around and sort of glide away ... " " it be horrible , " say Neville , in a high voice than usual . " do you feel how cold it get when it come in ? " " I feel weird , " say Ron , shift his shoulder uncomfortably . " like I will never be cheerful again ... " Ginny , who be huddle in her corner look nearly as bad as Harry feel , give a small sob ; Hermione go over and put a comforting arm around her . " but do n't any of you -- fall off your seat ? " say Harry awkwardly . " no , " say Ron , look anxiously at Harry again . " Ginny be shake like mad , though ... " Harry do n't understand . he feel weak and shivery , as though he be recover from a bad bout of flu ; he also feel the beginning of shame . why have he go to piece like that , when no one else have ? Professor Lupin have come back . he pause as he enter , look around , and say , with a small smile , " I have n't poison that chocolate , you know ... " Harry take a bite and to his great surprise feel warmth spread suddenly to the tip of his finger and toe . " we will be at Hogwarts in ten minute , " say Professor Lupin . " be you all right , Harry ? " Harry do n't ask how Professor Lupin know his name . " fine , " he mutter , embarrass . they do n't talk much during the remainder of the journey . at long last , the train stop at Hogsmeade station , and there be a great scramble to get outside ; owl hoot , cat meow , and Neville 's pet toad croak loudly from under his hat . it be freeze on the tiny platform ; rain be drive down in icy sheet . " fir ' year this way ! " call a familiar voice . Harry , Ron , and Hermione turn and see the gigantic outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform , beckon the terrified-looking new student forward for their traditional journey across the lake . " all right , you three ? " Hagrid yell over the head of the crowd . they wave at him , but have no chance to speak to him because the mass of people around them be shunt them away along the platform . Harry , Ron , and Hermione follow the rest of the school along the platform and out onto a rough mud track , where at least a hundred stagecoach await the remain student , each pull , Harry could only assume , by an invisible horse , because when they climb inside and shut the door , the coach set off all by itself , bump and sway in procession . the coach smell faintly of mold and straw . Harry feel good since the chocolate , but still weak . Ron and Hermione keep look at him sideways , as though frighten he might collapse again . as the carriage trundle toward a pair of magnificent wrought iron gate , flank with stone column top with wing boar , Harry see two more towering , hooded Dementors , stand guard on either side . a wave of cold sickness threaten to engulf him again ; he lean back into the lumpy seat and close his eye until they have pass the gate . the carriage pick up speed on the long , sloping drive up to the castle ; Hermione be lean out of the tiny window , watch the many turret and tower draw near . at last , the carriage sway to a halt , and Hermione and Ron get out . as Harry step down , a drawl , delighted voice sound in his ear . " you faint , Potter ? be Longbottorn tell the truth ? you actually faint ? " Malfoy elbow past Hermione to block Harry 's way up the stone step to the castle , his face gleeful and his pale eye glint maliciously . " shove off , Malfoy , " say Ron , whose jaw be clench . " do you faint as well , Weasley ? " say Malfoy loudly . " do the scary old Dementor frighten you too , Weasley ? " " be there a problem ? " say a mild voice . Professor Lupin have just get out of the next carriage . Malfoy give Professor Lupin an insolent stare , which take in the patch on his robe and the dilapidated suitcase . with a tiny hint of sarcasm in his voice , he say , " oh , no -- er -- Professor , " then he smirk at Crabbe and Goyle and lead them up the step into the castle . Hermione prod Ron in the back to make him hurry , and the three of them join the crowd swarm up the step , through the giant oak front door , into the cavernous Entrance Hall , which be light with flaming torch , and house a magnificent marble staircase that lead to the upper floor . the door into the Great Hall stand open at the right ; Harry follow the crowd toward it , but have barely glimpse the enchant ceiling , which be black and cloudy tonight , when a voice call , " Potter ! Granger ! I want to see you both ! " Harry and Hermione turn around , surprise . Professor McGonagall , transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor House , be call over the head of the crowd . she be a stern look witch who wear her hair in a tight bun ; her sharp eye be frame with square spectacle . Harry fight his way over to her with a feeling of foreboding : Professor McGonagall have a way of make him feel he must have do something wrong . " there be no need to look so worried -- I just want a word in my office , " she tell them . " move along there , Weasley . " Ron stare as Professor McGonagall usher Harry and Hermione away from the chatter crowd ; they accompany her across the entrance hall , up the marble staircase , and along a corridor . once they be in her office , a small room with a large , welcome fire , Professor McGonagall motion Harry and Hermione to sit down . she settle herself behind her desk and say abruptly , " Professor Lupin send an owl ahead to say that you be take ill on the train , Potter . " before Harry could reply , there be a soft knock on the door and Madam Pomfrey , the nurse , come bustle in . Harry feel himself go red in the face . it be bad enough that he have pass out , or whatever he have do , without everyone make all this fuss . " I be fine , " he say , " I do n't need anything - " " oh , it be you , be it ? " say Madam Pomfrey , ignore this and bend down to stare closely at him . " I suppose you have be do something dangerous again ? " " it be a Dementor , Poppy , " say Professor McGonagall . they exchange a dark look , and Madam Pomfrey cluck disapprovingly . " set Dementors around a school , " she mutter , push back Harry 's hair and feel his forehead . " he wo n't be the last one who collapse . yes , he be all clammy . terrible thing , they be , and the effect they have on people who be already delicate - " " I be not delicate ! " say Harry crossly . " of course you be not , " say Madam Pomfrey absentmindedly , now take his pulse . " what do he need ? " say Professor McGonagall crisply . " bed rest ? should he perhaps spend tonight in the hospital wing ? " " I be fine ! " say Harry , jump up . the thought of what Draco Malfoy would say if he have to go to the hospital wing be torture . " well , he should have some chocolate , at the very least , " say Madam Pomfrey , who be now try to peer into Harry 's eye . " I have already have some , " say Harry . " Professor Lupin give me some . he give it to all of us . " " do he , now ? " say Madam Pomfrey approvingly . " so we have finally get a defense against the Dark Arts teacher who know his remedy ? " " be you sure you feel all right , Potter ? " Professor McGonagall say sharply . " yes , " say Harry . " very well . kindly wait outside while I have a quick word with Miss Granger about her course schedule , then we can go down to the feast together . " Harry go back into the corridor with Madam Pomfrey , who leave for the hospital wing , mutter to herself . he have to wait only a few minute ; then Hermione emerge look very happy about something , follow by Professor McGonagall , and the three of them make their way back down the marble staircase to the Great Hall . it be a sea of pointed black hat ; each of the long House table be line with student , their face glimmer by the light of thousand of candle , which be float over the table in midair . Professor Flitwick , who be a tiny little wizard with a shock of white hair , be carry an ancient hat and a three-legged stool out of the hall . " oh , " say Hermione softly , " we have miss the Sorting ! " new student at Hogwarts be sort into house by try on the Sorting Hat , which shout out the house they be well suit to ( Gryffindor , Ravenclaw , Hufflepuff , or Slytherin ) . Professor McGonagall stride off toward her empty seat at the staff table , and Harry and Hermione set off in the other direction , as quietly as possible , toward the Gryffindor table . people look around at them as they pass along the back of the hall , and a few of them point at Harry . have the story of his collapse in front of the Dementor travel that fast ? he and Hermione sit down on either side of Ron , who have save them seat . " what be all that about ? " he mutter to Harry . Harry start to explain in a whisper , but at that moment the headmaster stand up to speak , and he break off . Professor Dumbledore , though very old , always give an impression of great energy . he have several foot of long silver hair and beard , half-moon spectacle , and an extremely crooked nose . he be often describe as the great wizard of the age , but that be n't why Harry respect him . you could n't help trust Albus Dumbledore , and as Harry watch him beam around at the student , he feel really calm for the first time since the Dementor have enter the train compartment . " welcome ! " say Dumbledore , the candlelight shimmer on his beard . " welcome to another year at Hogwarts ! I have a few thing to say to you all , and as one of them be very serious , I think it best to get it out of the way before you become befuddle by our excellent feast ... " Dumbledore clear his throat and continue , " as you will all be aware after their search of the Hogwarts Express , our school be presently play host to some of the Dementors of Azkaban , who be here on Ministry of Magic business . " he pause , and Harry remember what Mr. Weasley have say about Dumbledore not be happy with the Dementors guard the school . " they be station at every entrance to the ground , " Dumbledore continue , " and while they be with us , I must make it plain that nobody be to leave school without permission . Dementors be not to be fool by trick or disguise -- or even Invisibility Cloaks , " he add blandly , and Harry and Ron glance at each other . " it be not in the nature of a Dementor to understand plead or excuse . I therefore warn each and every one of you to give them no reason to harm you . I look to the prefect , and our new Head Boy and Girl , to make sure that no student run afoul of the Dementors , " he say . Percy , who be sit a few seat down from Harry , puff out his chest again and stare around impressively . Dumbledore pause again ; he look very seriously around the hall , and nobody move or make a sound . " on a happy note , " he continue , " I be please to welcome two new teacher to our rank this year . " first , Professor Lupin , who have kindly consent to fill the post of Defense against the Dark Arts teacher . " there be some scattered , rather unenthusiastic applause . only those who have be in the compartment on the train with Professor Lupin clap hard , Harry among them . Professor Lupin look particularly shabby next to all the other teacher in their good robe . " look at Snape ! " Ron hiss in Harry 's ear . Professor Snape , the potion master , be stare along the staff table at Professor Lupin . it be common knowledge that Snape want the defense against the Dark Arts job , but even Harry , who hate Snape , be startle at the expression twist his thin , sallow face . it be beyond anger : it be loathe . Harry know that expression only too well ; it be the look Snape wear every time he set eye on Harry . " as to our second new appointment , " Dumbledore continue as the lukewarm applause for Professor Lupin die away . " well , I be sorry to tell you that Professor Kettleburn , our Care of Magical Creatures teacher , retire at the end of last year in order to enjoy more time with his remain limb . however , I be delight to say that his place will be fill by none other than Rubeus Hagrid , who have agree to take on this teaching job in addition to his gamekeeping duty . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione stare at one another , stun . then they join in with the applause , which be tumultuous at the Gryffindor table in particular . Harry lean forward to see Hagrid , who be ruby red in the face and stare down at his enormous hand , his wide grin hide in the tangle of his black beard . " we should have know ! " Ron roar , pound the table . " who else would have assign us a biting book ? " Harry , Ron , and Hermione be the last to stop clap , and as Professor Dumbledore start speak again , they see that Hagrid be wipe his eye on the tablecloth . " well , I think that be everything of importance , " say Dumbledore . " let the feast begin ! " the golden plate and goblet before them fill suddenly with food and drink . Harry , suddenly ravenous , help himself to everything he could reach and begin to eat . it be a delicious feast ; the hall echo with talk , laughter , and the clatter of knife and fork . Harry , Ron , and Hermione , however , be eager for it to finish so that they could talk to Hagrid . they know how much be make a teacher would mean to him . Hagrid be n't a fully qualify wizard ; he have be expel from Hogwarts in his third year for a crime he have not commit . it have be Harry , Ron , and Hermione who have clear Hagrid 's name last year . at long last , when the last morsel of pumpkin tart have melt from the golden platter , Dumbledore give the word that it be time for them all to go to bed , and they get their chance . " congratulation , Hagrid ! " Hermione squeal as they reach the teacher ' table . " all down ter you three , " say Hagrid , wipe his shine face on his napkin as he look up at them . " can ' believe it ... great man , Dumbledore ... come straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn say he have have enough ... it be what I always want ... " Overcome with emotion , he bury his face in his napkin , and Professor McGonagall shoo them away . Harry , Ron , and Hermione join the Gryffindors stream up the marble staircase and , very tire now , along more corridor , up more and more stair , to the hidden entrance to Gryffindor Tower , where a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink dress ask them , " Password ? " " come through , come through ! " Percy call from behind the crowd . " the new password 's Fortuna Major ! " " oh no , " say Neville Longbottom sadly . he always have trouble remember the password . through the portrait hole and across the common room , the girl and boy divide toward their separate staircase . Harry climb the spiral stair with no thought in his head except how glad he be to be back . they reach their familiar , circular dormitory with its five four-poster bed , and Harry , look around , feel he be home at last . chapter Six Talons and Tea Leaves when Harry , Ron , and Hermione enter the Great Hall for breakfast the next day , the first thing they see be Draco Malfoy , who seem to be entertain a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story . as they pass , Malfoy do a ridiculous impression of a swoon fit and there be a roar of laughter . " ignore him , " say Hermione , who be right behind Harry . " just ignore him , it be not worth it ... " " Hey , Potter ! " shriek Pansy Parkinson , a Slytherin girl with a face like a pug . " Potter ! the Dementors be come , Potter ! Woooooooooo ! " Harry drop into a seat at the Gryffindor table , next to George Weasley . " new third-year course schedule , " say George , pass then , over . " what be up with you , Harry ? " " Malfoy , " say Ron , sit down on George 's other side and glare over at the Slytherin table . George look up in time to see Malfoy pretend to faint with terror again . " that little git , " he say calmly . " he be n't so cocky last night when the Dementors be down at our end of the train . come run into our compartment , do n't he , Fred ? " " nearly wet himself , " say Fred , with a contemptuous glance at Malfoy . " I be n't too happy myself , " say George . " they be horrible thing , those Dementors ... " " Sort of freeze your inside , do n't they ? " say Fred . " you do n't pass out , though , do you ? " say Harry in a low voice . " forget it , Harry , " say George bracingly . " Dad have to go out to Azkaban one time , remember , Fred ? and he say it be the bad place he have ever be , he come back all weak and shake ... they suck the happiness out of a place , Dementors . most of the prisoner go mad in there . " " anyway , we will see how happy Malfoy look after our first Quidditch match , " say Fred . " Gryffindor versus Slytherin , first game of the season , remember ? " the only time Harry and Malfoy have face each other in a Quidditch match , Malfoy have definitely come off bad . feel slightly more cheerful , Harry help himself to sausage and fried tomato . Hermione be examine her new schedule . " Ooh , good , we be start some new subject today , " she say happily . " Hermione , " say Ron , frown as he look over her shoulder , " they have mess up your timetable . look -- they have get you down for about ten subject a day . there be n't enough time . " " I will manage . I have fix it all with Professor McGonagall . " " but look , " say Ron , laugh , " see this morning ? nine o'clock , Divination . and underneath , nine o'clock , Muggle Studies . and - " Ron lean closer to the timetable , disbelieve , " look - underneath that , Arithmancy , nine o'clock . I mean , I know you be good , Hermione , but no one be that good . how be you suppose to be in three class at once ? " " do n't be silly , " say Hermione shortly . " of course I wo n't be in three class at once . " " well then - " " Pass the marmalade , " say Hermione . " but - " " oh , Ron , what be it to you if my timetable be a bit full ? " Hermione snap . " I tell you , I have fix it all with Professor McGonagall . " just then , Hagrid enter the Great Hall . he be wear his long moleskin overcoat and be absent-mindedly swing a dead polecat from one enormous hand . " all righ ' ? " he say eagerly , pause on his way to the staff table . " Yer in my fir ' ever lesson ! right after lunch ! bin up since five get ' everthin ' ready ... hope it'sokay ... me , a teacher ... hones'ly ... " he grin broadly at them and head off to the staff table , still swing the polecat . " wonder what he have be get ready ? " say Ron , a note of anxiety in his voice . the Hall be start to empty as people head off towards their first lesson . Ron check his schedule . " we will well go , look , Divination 's at the top of North Tower . it will take us ten minute to get there ... " they finish breakfast hastily , say goodbye to Fred and George and walk back through the hall . as they pass the Slytherin table , Malfoy do yet another impression of a fainting fit . the shout of laughter follow Harry into the Entrance Hall . the journey through the castle to North Tower be a long one . two year at Hogwarts have n't teach them everything about the castle , and they have never be inside North Tower before . " there be -- get -- to -- be -- a -- short -- cut , " Ron pant , as they climb the seventh long staircase and emerge on an unfamiliar landing , where there be nothing but a large painting of a bare stretch of grass hang on the stone wall . " I think it be this way , " say Hermione , peer down the empty passage to the right . " can n't be , " say Ron . " that be south . look , you can see a bit of the lake outside the window ... " Harry be watch the painting . a fat , dappled-gray pony have just amble onto the grass and be graze nonchalantly . Harry be use to the subject of Hogwarts painting move around and leave their frame to visit each other , but he always enjoy watch them . a moment later , a short , squat knight in a suit of armour have clank into the picture after his pony . by the look of the grass stain on his metal knee , he have just fall off . " Aha ! " he yell , see Harry , Ron and Hermione . " what villain be these , that trespass upon my private land ! come to scorn at my fall , perchance ? draw , you knave , you dog ! " they watch in astonishment as the little knight tug his sword out of its scabbard and begin brandish it violently , hop up and down in rage . but the sword be too long for him ; a particularly wild swing make him overbalance , and he land facedown in the grass . " be you all right ? " say Harry , move closer to the picture . " get back , you scurvy braggart ! back , you rogue ! " the knight seize his sword again and use it to push himself back up , but the blade sink deeply into the grass and , though he pull with all his might , he could n't get it out again . finally , he have to flop back down onto the grass and push up his visor to mop his sweat face . " listen , " say Harry , take advantage of the knight 's exhaustion , " we be look for the North Tower . you do n't know the way , do you ? " " a quest ! " the knight 's rage seem to vanish instantly . he clank to his foot and shout , " come follow me , dear friend , and we shall find our goal , or else shall perish bravely in the charge ! " he give the sword another fruitless tug , try and fail to mount the fat pony , give up , and cry , " on foot then , good sir and gentle lady ! on ! on ! " and he run , clank loudly , into the leave side of the frame and out of sight . they hurry after him along the corridor , follow the sound of his armor . every now and then they spot him run through a picture ahead . " be of stout heart , the bad be yet to come ! " yell the knight , and they see him reappear in front of an alarmed group of woman in crinoline , whose picture hang on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase . puff loudly , Harry , Ron , and Hermione climb the tightly spiraling step , get dizzy and dizzy , until at last they hear the murmur of voice above them and know they have reach the classroom . " farewell ! " cry the knight , pop his head into a painting of some sinister-looking monk . " farewell , my comrades-in-arms ! if ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew , call upon Sir Cadogan ! " " yeah , we will call you , " mutter Ron as the knight disappear , " if we ever need someone mental . " they climb the last few step and emerge onto a tiny landing , where most of the class be already assemble . there be no door off this landing , but Ron nudge Harry and point at the ceiling , where there be a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on it . " ' Sybill Trelawney , divination teacher , ' " Harry read . " how be we suppose to get up there ? " as though in answer to his question , the trapdoor suddenly open , and a silvery ladder descend right at Harry 's foot . everyone get quiet . " after you , " say Ron , grin , so Harry climb the ladder first . he emerge into the strangest-looking classroom he have ever see . in fact , it do n't look like a classroom at all , more like a cross between someone 's attic and an old-fashioned tea shop . at least twenty small , circular table be cram inside it , all surround by chintz armchair and fat little pouf . everything be light with a dim , crimson light ; the curtain at the window be all close , and the many lamp be drape with dark red scarves . it be stiflingly warm , and the fire that be burn under the crowded mantelpiece be give off a heavy , sickly sort of perfume as it heat a large copper kettle . the shelf run around the circular wall be cram with dusty-looking feather , stub of candle , many pack of tatter playing card , countless silvery crystal ball , and a huge array of teacup . Ron appear at Harry 's shoulder as the class assemble around them , all talk in whisper . " where be she ? " Ron say . a voice come suddenly out of the shadow , a soft , misty sort of voice . " welcome , " it say . " how nice to see you in the physical world at last . " Harry 's immediate impression be of a large , glitter insect . Professor Trelawney move into the firelight , and they see that she be very thin ; her large glass magnify her eye to several time their natural size , and she be drape in a gauzy spangle shawl . innumerable chain and bead hang around her spindly neck , and her arm and hand be encrust with bangle and ring . " sit , my child , sit , " she say , and they all climb awkwardly into armchair or sink onto pouf . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit themselves around the same round table . " welcome to divination , " say Professor Trelawney , who have seat herself in a wing armchair in front of the fire . " my name be Professor Trelawney . you may not have see me before . I find that descend too often into the hustle and bustle of the main school cloud my Inner Eye . " nobody say anything to this extraordinary pronouncement . Professor Trelawney delicately rearrange her shawl and continue , " so you have choose to study Divination , the most difficult of all magical art . I must warn you at the outset that if you do not have the Sight , there be very little I will be able to teach you ... Books can take you only so far in this field ... " at these word , both Harry and Ron glance , grin , at Hermione , who look startle at the news that book would n't be much help in this subject . " many witch and wizard , talented though they be in the area of loud bang and smell and sudden disappearings , be yet unable to penetrate the veil mystery of the future , " Professor Trelawney go on , her enormous , gleam eye move from face to nervous face . " it be a Gift grant to few . you , boy , " she say suddenly to Neville , who almost topple off his pouf . " be your grandmother well ? " " I think so , " say Neville tremulously . " I would n't be so sure if I be you , dear , " say Professor Trelawney , the firelight glint on her long emerald earring . Neville gulp . Professor Trelawney continue placidly . " we will be cover the basic method of Divination this year . the first term will be devote to read the tea leave . next term we shall progress to palmistry . by the way , my dear , " she shoot suddenly at Parvati Patil , " beware a red-haired man . " Parvati give a startle look at Ron , who be right behind her and edge her chair away from him . " in the second term , " Professor Trelawney go on , " we shall progress to the crystal ball -- if we have finish with fire omen , that be . unfortunately , class will be disrupt in February by a nasty bout of flu . I myself will lose my voice . and around Easter , one of our number will leave us for ever . " a very tense silence follow this pronouncement , but Professor Trelawney seem unaware of it . " I wonder , dear , " she say to Lavender Brown , who be nearest and shrink back in her chair , " if you could pass me the large silver teapot ? " lavender , look relieved , stand up , take an enormous teapot from the shelf , and put it down on the table in front of Professor Trelawney . " thank you , my dear . incidentally , that thing you be dread -- it will happen on Friday the sixteenth of October . " Lavender tremble . " now , I want you all to divide into pair . collect a teacup from the shelf , come to me , and I will fill it . then sit down and drink , drink until only the dreg remain . swill these around the cup three time with the left hand , then turn the cup upside down on its saucer , wait for the last of the tea to drain away , then give your cup to your partner to read . you will interpret the pattern use page five and six of Unfogging the Future . I shall move among you , help and instruct . oh , and dear , " -- she catch Neville by the arm as he make to stand up , " after you have break your first cup , would you be so kind as to select one of the blue pattern one ? I be rather attach to the pink . " sure enough , Neville have no sooner reach the shelf of teacup when there be a tinkle of break china . Professor Trelawney sweep over to him hold a dustpan and brush and say , " one of the blue one , then , dear , if you would n't mind ... thank you ... " when Harry and Ron have have their teacup fill , they go back to their table and try to drink the scald tea quickly . they swill the dregs around as Professor Trelawney have instruct , then drain the cup and swap over . " right , " say Ron as they both open their book at page five and six . " what can you see in mine ? " " a load of soggy brown stuff , " say Harry . the heavily perfume smoke in the room be make him feel sleepy and stupid . " broaden your mind , my dear , and allow your eye to see past the mundane ! " Professor Trelawney cry through the gloom . Harry try to pull himself together . " right , you have get a crooked sort of cross ... " he consult Unfogging the Future . " that mean you be go to have ' trial and suffering ' -- sorry about that -- but there be a thing that could be the sun . hang on ... that mean ' great happiness ' ... so you be go to suffer but be very happy ... " " you need your Inner Eye test , if you ask me , " say Ron , and they both have to stifle their laugh as Professor Trelawney gaze in their direction . " my turn ... " Ron peer into Harry 's teacup , his forehead wrinkle with effort . " there be a blob a bit like a bowler hat , " he say . " maybe you be go to work for the Ministry of Magic ... " he turn the teacup the other way up . " but this way it look more like an acorn ... what be that ? " he scan his copy of Unfogging the Future . " ' a windfall , unexpected gold . ' Excellent , you can lend me some . and there be a thing here , " he turn the cup again , " that look like an animal ... yeah , if that be its head ... it look like a hippo ... no , a sheep ... " Professor Trelawney whirl around as Harry let out a snort of laughter . " let me see that , my dear , " she say reprovingly to Ron , sweep over and snatch Harry 's cup from him . everyone go quiet to watch . Professor Trelawney be stare into the teacup , rotate it counterclockwise . " the falcon ... my dear , you have a deadly enemy . " " but everyone know that , " say Hermione in a loud whisper . Professor Trelawney stare at her . " well , they do , " say Hermione . " everybody know about Harry and You-Know-Who . " Harry and Ron stare at her with a mixture of amazement and admiration . they have never hear Hermione speak to a teacher like that before . Professor Trelawney choose not to reply . she lower her huge eye to Harry 's cup again and continue to turn it . " the club ... an attack . dear , dear , this be not a happy cup ... " " I think that be a bowler hat , " say Ron sheepishly . " the skull ... danger in your path , my dear ... " Everyone be stare , transfix , at Professor Trelawney , who give the cup a final turn , gasp , and then scream . there be another tinkle of break china ; Neville have smash his second cup . Professor Trelawney sink into a vacant armchair , her glitter hand at her heart and her eye close . " my dear boy -- my poor dear boy -- no -- it be kind not to say -- no -- do n't ask me ... " " what be it , Professor ? " say Dean Thomas at once . everyone have get to their foot , and slowly they crowd around Harry and Ron 's table , press close to Professor Trelawney 's chair to get a good look at Harry 's cup . " my dear , " Professor Trelawney 's huge eye open dramatically , " you have the Grim . " " the what ? " say Harry . he could tell that he be n't the only one who do n't understand ; Dean Thomas shrug at him and Lavender Brown look puzzle , but nearly everybody else clap their hand to their mouth in horror . " the Grim , my dear , the Grim ! " cry Professor Trelawney , who look shocked that Harry have n't understand . " the giant , spectral dog that haunt churchyard ! my dear boy , it be an omen -- the bad omen -- of death ! " Harry 's stomach lurch . that dog on the cover of Death Omens in Flourish and Blotts -- the dog in the shadow of Magnolia Crescent ... Lavender Brown clap her hand to her mouth too . everyone be look at Harry , everyone except Hermione , who have get up and move around to the back of Professor Trelawney 's chair . " I do n't think it look like a Grim , " she say flatly . Professor Trelawney survey Hermione with mount dislike . " you will forgive me for say so , my dear , but I perceive very little aura around you . very little receptivity to the resonance of the future . " Seamus Finnigan be tilt his head from side to side . " it look like a Grim if you do this , " he say , with his eye almost shut , " but it look more like a donkey from here , " he say , lean to the left . " when you have all finish decide whether I be go to die or not ! " say Harry , take even himself by surprise . now nobody seem to want to look at him . " I think we will leave the lesson here for today , " say Professor Trelawney in her misty voice . " yes ... please pack away your thing ... " Silently the class take their teacup back to Professor Trelawney , pack away their book , and close their bag . even Ron be avoid Harry 's eye . " until we meet again , " say Professor Trelawney faintly , " fair fortune be yours . oh , and dear , " -- she point at Neville , " you will be late next time , so mind you work extra-hard to catch up . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione descend Professor Trelawney 's ladder and the wind stair in silence , then set off for Professor McGonagall 's transfiguration lesson . it take them so long to find her classroom that , early as they have leave divination , they be only just in time . Harry choose a seat right at the back of the room , feel as though he be sit in a very bright spotlight ; the rest of the class keep shoot furtive glance at him , as though he be about to drop dead at any moment . he hardly hear what Professor McGonagall be tell them about Animagi ( wizard who could transform at will into animal ) , and be n't even watch when she transform herself in front of their eye into a tabby cat with spectacle marking around her eye . " really , what have get into you all today ? " say Professor McGonagall , turn back into herself with a faint pop , and stare around at them all . " not that it matter , but that be the first time my transformation be not get applause from a class . " everybody 's head turn toward Harry again , but nobody speak . then Hermione raise her hand . " please , Professor , we have just have our first divination class , and we be read the tea leave , and - " " ah , of course , " say Professor McGonagall , suddenly frown . " there be no need to say any more , Miss Granger . tell me , which of you will be die this year ? " everyone stare at her . " me , " say Harry , finally . " I see , " say Professor McGonagall , fix Harry with her beady eye . " then you should know , Potter , that Sybill Trelawney have predict the death of one student a year since she arrive at this school . none of them have die yet . see death omen be her favorite way of greet a new class . if it be not for the fact that I never speak ill of my colleague - " Professor McGonagall break off , and they see that her nostril have go white . she go on , more calmly , " Divination be one of the most imprecise branch of magic . I shall not conceal from you that I have very little patience with it . true seer be very rare , and Professor Trelawney ... " she stop again , and then say , in a very matter-of-fact tone , " you look in excellent health to me , Potter , so you will excuse me if I do n't let you off homework today . I assure you that if you die , you need not hand it in . " Hermione laugh . Harry feel a bit well . it be harder to feel scare of a lump of tea leave away from the dim red light and befuddle perfume of Professor Trelawney 's classroom . not everyone be convince , however . Ron still look worry , and Lavender whisper , " but what about Neville 's cup ? " when the transfiguration class have finish , they join the crowd thunder toward the Great Hall for lunch . " Ron , cheer up , " say Hermione , push a dish of stew toward him . " you hear what Professor McGonagall say . " Ron spoon stew onto his plate and pick up his fork but do n't start . " Harry , " he say , in a low , serious voice , " you have n't see a great black dog anywhere , have you ? " " yeah , I have , " say Harry . " I see one the night I leave the Dursley ' . " Ron let his fork fall with a clatter . " probably a stray , " say Hermione calmly . Ron look at Hermione as though she have go mad . " Hermione , if Harry have see a Grim , that be -- that be bad , " he say . " my -- my uncle Bilius see one and -- and he die twenty-four hour later ! " " coincidence , " say Hermione airily , pour herself some pumpkin juice . " you do n't know what you be talk about ! " say Ron , start to get angry . " Grims scare the live daylight out of most wizard ! " " there you be , then , " say Hermione in a superior tone . " they see the Grim and die of fright . the Grim be not an omen , it be the cause of death ! and Harry be still with us because he be not stupid enough to see one and think , right , well , I will well kick the bucket then ! " Ron mouth wordlessly at Hermione , who open her bag , take out her new Arithmancy book , and prop it open against the juice jug . " I think divination seem very woolly , " she say , search for her page . " a lot of guesswork , if you ask me . " " there be nothing woolly about the Grim in that cup ! " say Ron hotly . " you do n't seem quite so confident when you be tell Harry it be a sheep , " say Hermione coolly . " Professor Trelawney say you do n't have the right aura ! you just do n't like be bad at something for a change ! " he have touch a nerve . Hermione slam her Arithmancy book down on the table so hard that bit of meat and carrot fly everywhere . " if be good at Divination mean I have to pretend to see death omen in a lump of tea leaf , I be not sure I will be study it much longer ! that lesson be absolute rubbish compare with my Arithmancy class ! " she snatch up her bag and stalk away . Ron frown after her . " what be she talk about ? " he say to Harry . " she have n't be to an Arithmancy class yet . " Harry be please to get out of the castle after lunch . yesterday 's rain have clear ; the sky be a clear , pale gray , and the grass be springy and damp underfoot as they set off for their first ever Care of Magical Creatures class . Ron and Hermione be n't speak to each other . Harry walk beside them in silence as they go down the sloping lawn to Hagrid 's hut on the edge of the Forbidden Forest . it be only when he spot three only-too-familiar back ahead of them that he realize they must be have these lesson with the Slytherins . Malfoy be talk animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle , who be chortle . Harry be quite sure he know what they be talk about . Hagrid be wait for his class at the door of his hut . he stand in his moleskin overcoat , with Fang the boarhound at his heel , look impatient to start . " C'mon , now , get a move on ! " he call as the class approach . " get a real treat for yeh today ! great lesson comin ' up ! everyone here ? right , follow me ! " for one nasty moment , Harry think that Hagrid be go to lead them into the forest ; Harry have have enough unpleasant experience in there to last him a lifetime . however , Hagrid stroll off around the edge of the tree , and five minute later , they find themselves outside a kind of paddock . there be nothing in there . " everyone gather ' round the fence here ! " he call . " that be it -- make sure yeh can see -- now , fir ' thing yeh will want ter do be open yer book - " " how ? " say the cold , drawl voice of Draco Malfoy . " Eh ? " say Hagrid . " how do we open our book ? " Malfoy repeat . he take out his copy of the Monster Book of Monsters , which he have bind shut with a length of rope . other people take theirs out too ; some , like Harry , have belt their book shut ; other have cram them inside tight bag or clamp them together with binder clip . " Hasn ' -- hasn ' anyone bin able ter open their book ? " say Hagrid , look crestfallen . the class all shake their head . " Yeh have get ter stroke ' em , " say Hagrid , as though this be the most obvious thing in the world . " look - " he take Hermione 's copy and rip off the Spellotape that bind it . the book try to bite , but Hagrid run a giant forefinger down its spine , and the book shiver , and then fall open and lay quiet in his hand . " oh , how silly we have all be ! " Malfoy sneer . " we should have stroke them ! why do n't we guess ! " " I -- I think they be funny , " Hagrid say uncertainly to Hermione . " oh , tremendously funny ! " say Malfoy . " really witty , give us book that try and rip our hand off ! " " shut up , Malfoy , " say Harry quietly . Hagrid be look downcast and Harry want Hagrid 's first lesson to be a success . " Righ ' then , " say Hagrid , who seem to have lose his thread , " so -- so yeh have get yer book an ' ... an ' ... now yeh need the Magical Creatures . yeah . so I will go an ' get ' em . hang on ... " he stride away from them into the forest and out of sight . " God , this place be go to the dog , " say Malfoy loudly . " that oaf teaching class , my father will have a fit when I tell him - " " Shut up , Malfoy , " Harry repeat . " careful , Potter , there be a Dementor behind you - " " Oooooooh ! " squeal Lavender Brown , point toward the opposite side of the paddock . trot toward them be a dozen of the most bizarre creature Harry have ever see . they have the body , hind leg , and tail of horse , but the front leg , wing , and head of what seem to be giant eagle , with cruel , steel-colored beak and large , brilliantly , orange eye . the talon on their front leg be half a foot long and deadly look . each of the beast have a thick leather collar around its neck , which be attach to a long chain , and the end of all of these be hold in the vast hand of Hagrid , who come jog into the paddock behind the creature . " gee up , there ! " he roar , shake the chain and urge the creature toward the fence where the class stand . everyone draw back slightly as Hagrid reach them and tether the creature to the fence . " hippogriff ! " Hagrid roar happily , wave a hand at them . " Beau'iful , Aren ' they ? " Harry could sort of see what Hagrid mean . once you get over the first shock of see something that be half horse , half bird , you start to appreciate the Hippogriffs ' gleam coat , change smoothly from feather to hair , each of them a different color : stormy gray , bronze , pinkish roan , gleam chestnut , and inky black . " so , " say Hagrid , rub his hand together and beam around , " if yeh wan ' ter come a bit near ... " no one seem to want to . Harry , Ron , and Hermione , however , approach the fence cautiously . " now , fir ' thing yeh gotta know abou ' hippogriff be , they be proud , " say Hagrid . " easily offend , Hippogriffs be . do n't never insult one , ' cause it might be the last thing yeh do . " Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle be n't listen ; they be talk in an undertone and Harry have a nasty feeling they be plot how good to disrupt the lesson . " Yeh always wait fer the Hippogriff ter make the fir ' move , " Hagrid continue . " it be polite , see ? Yeh walk toward him , and yeh bow , an ' yeh wait . if he bow back , yeh be allow ter touch him . if he doesn ' bow , then get away from him sharpish , ' cause those talon hurt . " " right -- who want ter go first ? " most of the class back farther away in answer . even Harry , Ron , and Hermione have misgiving . the Hippogriffs be toss their fierce head and flex their powerful wing ; they do n't seem to like be tether like this . " no one ? " say Hagrid , with a plead look . " I will do it , " say Harry . there be an intake of breath from behind him , and both Lavender and Parvati whisper , " Oooh , no , Harry , remember your tea leaf ! " Harry ignore them . he climb over the paddock fence . " good man , Harry ! " roar Hagrid . " right then -- let be see how yeh get on with Buckbeak . " he untie one of the chain , pull the gray hippogriff away from its fellow , and slip off its leather collar . the class on the other side of the paddock seem to be hold its breath . Malfoy 's eye be narrow maliciously . " easy now , Harry , " say Hagrid quietly . " Yeh have get eye contact , now try not ter blink ... Hippogriffs don ' trust yeh if yeh blink too much ... " Harry 's eye immediately begin to water , but he do n't shut them . Buckbeak have turn his great , sharp head and be stare at Harry with one fierce orange eye . " tha 's it , " say Hagrid . " tha 's it , Harry ... now , bow . " Harry do n't feel much like expose the back of his neck to Buckbeak , but he do as he be tell . he give a short bow and then look up . the Hippogriff be still stare haughtily at him . it do n't move . " ah , " say Hagrid , sound worry . " right -- back away , now , Harry , easy do it - " but then , to Harry 's enormous surprise , the Hippogriff suddenly bend its scaly front knee and sink into what be an unmistakable bow . " well do , Harry ! " say Hagrid , ecstatic . " right -- Yeh can touch him ! pat his beak , go on ! " feel that a good reward would have be to back away , Harry move slowly toward the Hippogriff and reach out toward it . he pat the beak several time and the Hippogriff close its eye lazily , as though enjoy it . the class break into applause , all except for Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , who be look deeply disappointed . " Righ ' then , Harry , " say Hagrid . " I reckon he migh ' let yeh ride him ! " this be more than Harry have bargain for . he be use to a broomstick ; but he be n't sure a Hippogriff would be quite the same . " Yeh climb up there , jus ' behind the wing joint , " say Hagrid , " an ' mind yeh don ' pull any of his feather out , he win ' like that ... " Harry put his foot on the top of Buckbeak 's wing and hoist himself onto its back . Buckbeak stand up . Harry be n't sure where to hold on ; everything in front of him be cover with feather . " go on , then ! " roar Hagrid , slap the Hippogriffs hindquarters . without warning , twelve-foot wing flap open on either side of Harry , he just have time to seize the Hippogriff around the neck before he be soar upward . it be nothing like a broomstick , and Harry know which one he prefer ; the Hippogriff 's wing beat uncomfortably on either side of him , catch him under his leg and make him feel he be about to be throw off ; the glossy feather slip under his finger and he do n't dare get a strong grip ; instead of the smooth action of his Nimbus Two Thousand , he now feel himself rock backward and forward as the hindquarters of the Hippogriff rise and fall with its wing . Buckbeak fly him once around the paddock and then head back to the ground ; this be the bit Harry have be dread ; he lean back as the smooth neck lower , feel he be go to slip off over the beak , then feel a heavy thud as the four ill-assorted foot hit the ground . he just manage to hold on and push himself straight again . " good work , Harry ! " roar Hagrid as everyone except Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle cheer . " okay , who else want a go ? " embolden by Harry 's success , the rest of the class climb cautiously into the paddock . Hagrid untie the Hippogriffs one by one , and soon people be bow nervously , all over the paddock . Neville run repeatedly backward from his , which do n't seem to want to bend its knee . Ron and Hermione practice on the chestnut , while Harry watch . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle have take over Buckbeak . he have bow to Malfoy , who be now pat his beak , look disdainful . " this be very easy , " Malfoy drawl , loud enough for Harry to , hear him . " I know it must have be , if Potter could do it ... I bet you be not dangerous at all , be you ? " he say to the Hippogriff . " be you , you great ugly brute ? " it happen in a flash of steely talon ; Malfoy let out a high pitched scream and next moment , Hagrid be wrestle Buckbeak back into his collar as he strain to get at Malfoy , who lie curl in the grass , blood blossom over his robe . " I be die ! " Malfoy yell as the class panick . " I be die , look at me ! it have kill me ! " " Yer not dyin ' ! " say Hagrid , who have go very white . " someone help me -- gotta get him outta here - " Hermione run to hold open the gate as Hagrid lift Malfoy easily . as they pass , Harry see that there be a long , deep gash on Malfoy 's arm ; blood splatter the grass and Hagrid run with him , up the slope toward the castle . very shake , the Care of Magical Creatures class follow at a walk . the Slytherins be all shouting about Hagrid . " they should sack him straight away ! " say Pansy Parkinson , who be in tear . " it be Malfoy 's fault ! " snap Dean Thomas . Crabbe and Goyle flex their muscle threateningly . they all climb the stone step into the desert entrance hall . " I be go to see if he be okay ! " say Pansy , and they all watch her run up the marble staircase . the Slytherins , still mutter about Hagrid , head away in the direction of their dungeon common room ; Harry , Ron , and Hermione proceed upstairs to Gryffindor Tower . " you think he will be all right ? " say Hermione nervously . " course he will . madam Pomfrey can mend cut in about a second , " say Harry , who have have far bad injury mend magically by the nurse . " that be a really bad thing to happen in Hagrid 's first class , though , be n't it ? " say Ron , look worry . " Trust Malfoy to mess thing up for him ... " they be among the first to reach the Great Hall at dinnertime , hope to see Hagrid , but he be n't there . " they would n't fire him , would they ? " say Hermione anxiously , not touch her steak-andkidney pudding . " they will well not , " say Ron , who be n't eat either . Harry be watch the Slytherin table . a large group include Crabbe and Goyle be huddle together , deep in conversation . Harry be sure they be cook up their own version of how Malfoy have be injure . " well , you ca n't say it be n't an interesting first day back , " say Ron gloomily . they go up to the crowded Gryffindor common room after dinner and try to do the homework Professor McGonagall have give them , but all three of them keep break off and glance out of the tower window . " there be a light on in Hagrid 's window , " Harry say suddenly . Ron look at his watch . " if we hurry , we could go down and see him . it be still quite early ... " " I do n't know , " Hermione say slowly , and Harry see her glance at him . " I be allow to walk across the ground , " he say pointedly . " Sirius Black have n't get past the Dementors yet , have he ? " so they put their thing away and head out of the portrait hole , glad to meet nobody on their way to the front door , as they be n't entirely sure they be suppose to be out . the grass be still wet and look almost black in the twilight . when they reach Hagrid 's hut , they knock , and a voice growl , " C'min . " Hagrid be sit in his shirtsleeve at his scrub wooden table ; his boarhound , Fang , have his head in Hagrid 's lap . one look tell them that Hagrid have be drink a lot ; there be a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of him , and he seem to be have difficulty get them into focus . " ' Spect it be a record , " he say thickly , when he recognize them . " Don ' reckon they have ever have a teacher who last on'y a day before . " " you have n't be fire , Hagrid ! " gasp Hermione . " not yet , " say Hagrid miserably , take a huge gulp of whatever be in the tankard . " but be only a matter o ' time , I' n't , after Malfoy ... " " how be he ? " say Ron as they all sit down . " it be n't serious , be it ? " " madam Pomfrey fix him well she could , " say Hagrid dully , " but he be sayin ' it be still agony ... cover in bandage ... moanin ' ... " " he be fake it , " say Harry at once . " madam Pomfrey can mend anything . she regrew half my bone last year . Trust Malfoy to milk it for all it be worth . " " school gov'nors have bin tell , o ' course , " say Hagrid miserably . " they reckon I start too big . Shoulda leave Hippogriffs fer later ... one flobberworms or summat ... Jus ' think it will make a good fir ' lesson be all my fault ... " " it be all Malfoy 's fault , Hagrid ! " say Hermione earnestly . " we be witness , " say Harry . " you say Hippogriffs attack if you insult them . it be Malfoy 's problem that he be n't listen . we will tell Dumbledore what really happen . " " yeah , do n't worry , Hagrid , we will back you up , " say Ron . tear leak out of the crinkle corner of Hagrid 's beetle-black eye . he grab both Harry and Ron and pull them into a bone-breaking hug . " I think you have have enough to drink , Hagrid , " say Hermione firmly . she take the tankard from the table and go outside to empty it . " ah , maybe she be right , " say Hagrid , let go of Harry and Ron , who both stagger away , rub their rib . Hagrid heave himself out of his chair and follow Hermione unsteadily outside . they hear a loud splash . " what have he do ? " say Harry nervously as Hermione come back in with the empty tankard . " stick his head in the water barrel , " say Hermione , put the tankard away . Hagrid come back , his long hair and beard sopping wet , wipe the water out of his eye . " that be good , " he say , shake his head like a dog and drench them all . " listen , it be good of yeh ter come an ' see me , I really - " Hagrid stop dead , stare at Harry as though he will only just realize he be there . " what D'YEH Think you 'RE DOIN ' , EH ? " he roar , so suddenly that they jump a foot in the air . " Yeh 'RE NOT To Go WANDERIN ' AROUND AFTER Dark , Harry ! an , you TWO ! LETTIN ' HIM ! " Hagrid stride over to Harry , grab his arm , and pull him to the door . " C'mon ! " Hagrid say angrily . " I be takin ' yer all back up ter school an ' don ' let me catch yeh walkin ' down ter see me after dark again . I be not worth that ! " chapter Seven The Boggart in the Wardrobe Malfoy do n't reappear in class until late on Thursday morning , when the Slytherins and Gryffindors be halfway through double potion . he swagger into the dungeon , his right arm cover in bandage and bind up in a sling , act , in Harry 's opinion , as though he be the heroic survivor of some dreadful battle . " how be it , Draco ? " simper Pansy Parkinson . " do it hurt much ? " " yeah , " say Malfoy , put on a brave sort of grimace . but Harry see him wink at Crabbe and Goyle when Pansy have look away . " settle down , settle down , " say Professor Snape idly . Harry and Ron scowl at each other ; Snape would n't have say ' settle down ' if they have walk in late , he will have give them detention . but Malfoy have always be able to get away with anything in Snape 's class ; Snape be head of Slytherin House , and generally favor his own student above all other . they be make a new potion today , a Shrinking Solution . Malfoy set up his cauldron right next to Harry and Ron , so that they be prepare their ingredient on the same table . " Sir , " Malfoy call , " sir , I will need help cut up these daisy root , because of my arm - " " Weasley , cut up Malfoy 's root for him , " say Snape without look up . Ron go brick red . " there be nothing wrong with your arm , " he hiss at Malfoy . Malfoy smirk across the table . " Weasley , you hear Professor Snape ; cut up these root . " Ron seize his knife , pull Malfoy 's root toward him , and begin to chop them roughly , so that they be all different size . " professor , " drawl Malfoy , " Weasley be mutilate my root , sir . " Snape approach their table , stare down his hooked nose at the root , then give Ron an unpleasant smile from beneath his long , greasy black hair . " change root with Malfoy , Weasley . " " but , sir - ! " Ron have spend the last quarter of an hour carefully shred his own root into exactly equal piece . " now , " say Snape in his most dangerous voice . Ron shove his own beautifully cut root across the table at Malfoy , then take up the knife again . " and , sir , I will need this shrivelfig skin , " say Malfoy , his voice full of malicious laughter . " Potter , you can skin Malfoy 's shrivelfig , " say Snape , give Harry the look of loathe he always reserve just for him . Harry take Malfoy 's shrivelfig as Ron begin try to repair the damage to the root he now have to use . Harry skin the shrivelfig as fast as he could and fling it back across the table at Malfoy without speak . Malfoy be smirk more broadly than ever . " see your pal Hagrid lately ? " he ask them quietly . " none of your business , " say Ron jerkily , without look up . " I be afraid he wo n't be a teacher much longer , " say Malfoy in a tone of mock sorrow . " father be not very happy about my injury - " " keep talk , Malfoy , and I will give you a real injury , " snarl Ron . " - he be complain to the school governor . and to the Ministry of Magic . Father 's get a lot of influence , you know . and a lasting injury like this " -- he give a huge , fake sigh -- " who know if my arm will ever be the same again ? " " so that be why you be put it on , " say Harry , accidentally behead a dead caterpillar because his hand be shake in anger , " to try to get Hagrid fire . " " well , " say Malfoy , lower his voice to a whisper , " partly , Potter . but there be other benefit too . Weasley , slice my caterpillar for me . " a few cauldron away , Neville be in trouble . Neville regularly go to piece in potion lesson ; it be his bad subject , and his great fear of Professor Snape make thing ten time worse . his potion , which be suppose to be a bright , acid green , have turn - " Orange , Longbottom , " say Snape , ladle some up and allow to splash back into the cauldron , so that everyone could see . " Orange . tell me , boy , do anything penetrate that thick skull of yours ? do n't you hear me say , quite clearly , that only one cat spleen be need ? do n't I state plainly that a dash of leech juice would suffice ? what do I have to do to make you understand , Longbottom ? " Neville be pink and tremble . he look as though he be on the verge of tear . " please , sir , " say Hermione , " please , I could help Neville put it right - " " I do n't remember ask you to show off , Miss Granger , " say Snape coldly , and Hermione go as pink as Neville . " Longbottom , at the end of this lesson we will feed a few drop of this potion to your toad and see what happen . perhaps that will encourage you to do it properly . " Snape move away , leave Neville breathless with fear . " help me ! " he moan to Hermione . " hey , Harry , " say Seamus Finnigan , lean over to borrow Harry 's brass scale , " have you hear ? Daily Prophet this morning -- they reckon Sirius Black have be sight . " " where ? " say Harry and Ron quickly . on the other side of the table , Malfoy look up , listen closely . " not too far from here , " say Seamus , who look excited . " it be a Muggle who see him . ' Course , she do n't really understand . the Muggles think he be just an ordinary criminal , do n't they ? so she phone the telephone hot line . by the time the Ministry of Magic get there , he be go . " " not too far from here ... " Ron repeat , look significantly at Harry . he turn around and see Malfoy watch closely . " what , Malfoy ? need something else skin ? " but Malfoy 's eye be shine malevolently , and they be fix Harry . he lean across the table . " think of try to catch Black single-handed , Potter ? " " yeah , that be right , " say Harry offhandedly . Malfoy 's thin mouth be curve in a mean smile . " of course , if it be me , " he say quietly , " I will have do something before now . I would n't be stay in school like a good boy , I will be out there look for him . " " what be you talk about , Malfoy ? " say Ron roughly . " do n't you know , Potter ? " breathe Malfoy , his pale eye narrow . " know what ? " Malfoy let out a low , sneering laugh . " maybe you will rather not risk your neck , " he say . " want to leave it to the Dementors , do you ? but if it be me , I will want revenge . I will hunt him down myself . " " what be you talk about ? " say Harry angrily , but at that moment Snape call , " you should have finish add your ingredient by now ; this potion need to stew before it can be drunk , so clear away while it simmer and then we will test Longbottom 's ... " Crabbe and Goyle laugh openly , watch Neville sweat as he stir his potion feverishly . Hermione be mutter instruction to him out of the corner of her mouth , so that Snape would n't see . Harry and Ron pack away their unused ingredient and go to wash their hand and ladle in the stone basin in the corner . " what do Malfoy mean ? " Harry mutter to Ron as he stick his hand under the icy jet that pour from the gargoyle 's mouth " why would I want revenge on Black ? he have n't do anything to me -- yet . " " he be make it up , " say Ron savagely . " he be try to make you do something stupid ... " the end of the lesson in sight , Snape stride over to Neville , who be cower by his cauldron . " everyone gather ' round , " say Snape , his black eye glitter , " and watch what happen to Longbottom 's toad . if he have manage to produce a Shrinking Solution , it will shrink to a tadpole . if , as I do n't doubt , he have do it wrong , his toad be likely to be poison . " the Gryffindors watch fearfully . the Slytherins look excited . Snape pick up Trevor the toad in his leave hand and dip a small spoon into Neville 's potion , which be now green . he trickle a few drop down Trevor 's throat . there be a moment of hush silence , in which Trevor gulp ; then there be a small pop , and Trevor the tadpole be wriggle in Snape 's palm . the Gryffindors burst into applause . Snape , look sour , pull a small bottle from the pocket of his robe , pour a few drop on top of Trevor , and he reappear suddenly , fully grow . " five point from Gryffindor , " say Snape , which wipe the smile from every face . " I tell you not to help him , Miss Granger . Class dismiss . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione climb the step to the entrance hall . Harry be still think about what Malfoy have say , while Ron be seethe about Snape . " five point from Gryffindor because the potion be all right ! why do n't you lie , Hermione ? you should have say Neville do it all by himself ! " Hermione do n't answer . Ron look around . " where be she ? " Harry turn too . they be at the top of the step now , watch the rest of the class pass them , head for the Great Hall and lunch . " she be right behind us , " say Ron , frown . Malfoy pass them , walk between Crabbe and Goyle . he smirk at Harry and disappear . " there she be , " say Harry . Hermione be pant slightly , hurry up the stair ; one hand clutch her bag , the other seem to be tuck something down the front of her robe . " how do you do that ? " say Ron . " what ? " say Hermione , join them . " one minute you be right behind us , the next moment , you be back at the bottom of the stair again . " " what ? " Hermione look slightly confuse . " oh -- I have to go back for something . oh no - " a seam have split on Hermione 's bag . Harry be n't surprise ; he could see that it be cram with at least a dozen large and heavy book . " why be you carry all these around with you ? " Ron ask her . " you know how many subject I be take , " say Hermione breathlessly . " could n't hold these for me , could you ? " " but - " Ron be turn over the book she have hand him , look at the cover . " you have n't get any of these subject today . it be only defense against the dark art this afternoon . " " oh yes , " say Hermione vaguely , but she pack all the book back into her bag just the same . " I hope there be something good for lunch , I be starve , " she add , and she march off toward the Great Hall . " D'you get the feel Hermione 's not tell us something ? " Ron ask Harry . Professor Lupin be n't there when they arrive at his first defense against the Dark Arts lesson . they all sit down , take out their book , quill , and parchment , and be talk when he finally enter the room . lupin smile vaguely and place his tatty old briefcase on the teacher 's desk . he be as shabby as ever but look healthy than he have on the train , as though he have have a few square meal . " good afternoon , " he say . " would you please put all your book back in your bag . Today 's will be a practical lesson . you will need only your wand . " a few curious look be exchange as the class put away their book . they have never have a practical defense against the Dark Art class before , unless you count the memorable class last year when their old teacher have bring a cageful of pixie to class and set them loose . " right then , " say Professor Lupin , when everyone be ready . " if you will follow me . " puzzle but interested , the class get to its foot and follow Professor Lupin out of the classroom . he lead them along the desert corridor and around a corner , where the first thing they see be Peeves the Poltergeist , who be float upside down in midair and stuff the near keyhole with chew gum . peeve do n't look up until Professor Lupin be two foot away ; then he wiggle his curly-toed foot and break into song . " loony , loopy Lupin , " Peeves sing . " loony , loopy Lupin , loony , loopy Lupin - " Rude and unmanageable as he almost always be , Peeves usually show some respect toward the teacher . everyone look quickly at Professor Lupin to see how he would take this ; to their surprise , he be still smile . " I will take that gum out of the keyhole if I be you , Peeves , " he say pleasantly . " Mr. Filch wo n't be able to get in to his broom . " filch be the Hogwarts caretaker , a bad-tempered , failed wizard who wage a constant war against the student and , indeed , Peeves . however , Peeves pay no attention to Professor Lupin 's word , except to blow a loud wet raspberry . Professor Lupin give a small sigh and take out his wand . " this be a useful little spell , " he tell the class over his shoulder . " please watch closely . " he raise the wand to shoulder height , say , " Waddiwasi ! " and point it at Peeves . with the force of a bullet , the wad of chew gum shoot out of the keyhole and straight down Peeves 's leave nostril ; he whirl upright and zoom away , curse . " cool , sir ! " say Dean Thomas in amazement . " thank you , Dean , " say Professor Lupin , put his wand away again . " shall we proceed ? " they set off again , the class look at shabby Professor Lupin with increase respect . he lead them down a second corridor and stop , right outside the staffroom door . " inside , please , " say Professor Lupin , open it and stand back . the staffroom , a long , panel room full of old , mismatch chair , be empty except for one teacher . Professor Snape be sit in a low armchair , and he look around as the class file in . his eye be glitter and there be a nasty sneer play around his mouth . as Professor Lupin come in and make to close the door behind him , Snape say , " leave it open , Lupin . I will rather not witness this . " he get to his foot and stride past the class , his black robe billow behind him . at the doorway he turn on his heel and say , " possibly no one have warn you , Lupin , but this class contain Neville Longbottom . I would advise you not to entrust him with anything difficult . not unless Miss Granger be hiss instruction in his ear . " Neville go scarlet . Harry glare at Snape ; it be bad enough that he bully Neville in his own class , let alone do it in front of other teacher . Professor Lupin have raise his eyebrow . " I be hope that Neville would assist me with the first stage of the operation , " he say , " and I be sure he will perform it admirably . " Neville 's face go , if possible , even red . Snape 's lip curl , but he leave , shut the door with a snap . " now , then , " say Professor Lupin , beckon the class toward the end of the room , where there be nothing but an old wardrobe where the teacher keep their spare robe . as Professor Lupin go to stand next to it , the wardrobe give a sudden wobble , bang off the wall . " nothing to worry about , " say Professor Lupin calmly because a few people have jump backward in alarm . " there be a Boggart in there . " most people seem to feel that this be something to worry about . Neville give Professor Lupin a look of pure terror , and Seamus Finnigan eye the now rattle doorknob apprehensively . " boggart like dark , enclose space , " say Professor Lupin . " wardrobe , the gap beneath bed , the cupboard under sink -- I have even meet one that have lodge itself in a grandfather clock . this one move in yesterday afternoon , and I ask the headmaster if the staff would leave it to give my third year some practice . " so , the first question we must ask ourselves be , what be a Boggart ? " Hermione put up her hand . " it be a shape-shifter , " she say . " it can take the shape of whatever it think will frighten us most . " " could n't have put it well myself , " say Professor Lupin , and Hermione glow . " so the Boggart sit in the darkness within have not yet assume a form . he do not yet know what will frighten the person on the other side of the door . nobody know what a Boggart look like when he be alone , but when I let him out , he will immediately become whatever each of us most fear . " this mean , " say Professor Lupin , choose to ignore Neville 's small sputter of terror , " that we have a huge advantage over the Boggart before we begin . have you spot it , Harry ? " try to answer a question with Hermione next to him , bob up and down on the ball of her foot with her hand in the air , be very off-putting , but Harry have a go . " er -- because there be so many of us , it wo n't know what shape it should be ? " " precisely , " say Professor Lupin , and Hermione put her hand down , look a little disappoint . " it be always well to have company when you be deal with a Boggart . he become confuse . which should he become , a headless corpse or a flesh-eating slug ? I once see a Boggart make that very mistake -- try to frighten two people at once and turn himself into half a slug . not remotely frightening . ' the charm that repel a Boggart be simple , yet it require force of mind . you see , the thing that really finish a Boggart be laughter . what you need to do be force it to assume a shape that you find amusing . " we will practice the charm without wand first . after me , please ... riddikulus ! " " Riddikulus ! " say the class together . " good , " say Professor Lupin . " very good . but that be the easy part , I be afraid . you see , the word alone be not enough . and this be where you come in , Neville . " the wardrobe shake again , though not as much as Neville , who walk forward as though he be head for the gallows . " right , Neville , " say Professor Lupin . " first thing first : what would you say be the thing that frighten you most in the world ? " Neville 's lip move , but no noise come out . " I do n't catch that , Neville , sorry , " say Professor Lupin cheerfully . Neville look around rather wildly , as though beg someone to help him , then say , in barely more than a whisper , " Professor Snape . " nearly everyone laugh . even Neville grin apologetically . Professor Lupin , however , look thoughtful . " Professor Snape ... hmmm ... Neville , I believe you live with your grandmother ? " " er -- yes , " say Neville nervously . " but -- I do n't want the Boggart to turn into her either . " " no , no , you misunderstand me , " say Professor Lupin , now smile . " I wonder , could you tell us what sort of clothes your grandmother usually wear ? " Neville look startle , but say , " well ... always the same hat . a tall one with a stuffed vulture on top . and a long dress ... green , normally ... and sometimes a fox-fur scarf . " " and a handbag ? " prompt Professor Lupin . " a big red one , " say Neville . " right then , " say Professor Lupin . " can you picture those clothes very clearly , Neville ? can you see them in your mind 's eye ? " " yes , " say Neville uncertainty , plainly wonder what be come next . " when the Boggart burst out of this wardrobe , Neville , and see you , it will assume the form of Professor Snape , " say Lupin . " and you will raise your wand -- thus -- and cry ' Riddikulus ' -- and concentrate hard on your grandmother 's clothes . if all go well , Professor Boggart Snape will be force into that vulture-topped hat , and that green dress , with that big red handbag . " there be a great shout of laughter . the wardrobe wobble more violently . " if Neville be successful , the Boggart be likely to shift his attention to each of us in turn , " say Professor Lupin . " I would like all of you to take a moment now to think of the thing that scare you most , and imagine how you might force it to look comical ... " the room go quiet . Harry think ... what scare him most in the world ? his first thought be Lord Voldemort -- a Voldemort return to full strength . but before he have even start to plan a possible counterattack on a Boggart-Voldemort , a horrible image come float to the surface of his mind ... a rot , glisten hand , slither back beneath a black cloak ... a long , rattle breath from an unseen mouth ... then a cold so penetrate it feel like drown ... Harry shiver , then look around , hope no one have notice . many people have their eye shut tight . Ron be mutter to himself , " take its leg off . " Harry be sure he know what that be about . Ron 's great fear be spider . " everyone ready ? " say Professor Lupin . Harry feel a lurch of fear . he be n't ready . how could you make a Dementor less frightening ? but he do n't want to ask for more time ; everyone else be nod and roll up their sleeve . " Neville , we be go to back away , " say Professor Lupin . " let you have a clear field , all right ? I will call the next person forward ... Everyone back , now , so Neville can get a clear shot - " they all retreat , back against the wall , leave Neville alone beside the wardrobe . he look pale and frightened , but he have push up the sleeve of his robe and be hold his wand ready . " on the count of three , Neville , " say Professor Lupin , who be point his own wand at the handle of the wardrobe . " one -- two -- three - now ! " a jet of spark shoot from the end of Professor Lupin 's wand and hit the doorknob . the wardrobe burst open . hook-nosed and menace , Professor Snape step out , his eye flash at Neville . Neville back away , his wand up , mouth wordlessly . Snape be bear down upon him , reach inside his robe . " r -- r -- riddikulus ! " squeak Neville . there be a noise like a whip crack . Snape stumble ; he be wear a long , lace-trimmed dress and a towering hat top with a moth-eaten vulture , and he be swing a huge crimson handbag . there be a roar of laughter ; the Boggart pause , confuse , and Professor Lupin shout , " Parvati ! forward ! " Parvati walk forward , her face set . Snape round on her . there be another crack , and where he have stand be a bloodstained , bandage mummy ; its sightless face be turn to Parvati and it begin to walk toward her very slowly , drag its foot , its stiff arm rise - " Riddikulus ! " cry Parvati . a bandage unravel at the mummy 's foot ; it become entangle , fall face forward , and its head roll off . " Seamus ! " roar Professor Lupin . Seamus dart past Parvati . crack ! where the mummy have be be a woman with floorlength black hair and a skeletal , green-tinged face -- a banshee . she open her mouth wide and an unearthly sound fill the room , a long , wail shriek that make the hair on Harry 's head stand on end -- " Riddikulus ! " shout Seamus . the banshee make a rasping noise and clutch her throat ; her voice be go . crack ! the banshee turn into a rat , which chase its tail in a circle , then - crack ! - become a rattlesnake , which slither and writhe before - crack ! -- become a single , bloody eyeball . " it be confuse ! " shout Lupin . " we be get there ! Dean ! " Dean hurry forward . crack ! the eyeball become a sever hand , which flip over and begin to creep along the floor like a crab . " Riddikulus ! " yell Dean . there be a snap , and the hand be trap in a mousetrap . " excellent ! Ron , you next ! " Ron leap forward . crack ! quite a few people scream . a giant spider , six foot tall and cover in hair , be advance on Ron , click its pincers menacingly . for a moment , Harry think Ron have freeze . then - " Riddikulus ! " bellow Ron , and the spider 's leg vanish ; it roll over and over ; Lavender Brown squeal and run out of its way and it come to a halt at Harry 's foot . he raise his wand , ready , but - " here ! " shout Professor Lupin suddenly , hurry forward . crack ! the legless spider have vanish . for a second , everyone look wildly around to see where it be . then they see a silvery-white orb hang in the air in front of Lupin , who say , " Riddikulus ! " almost lazily . crack ! " forward , Neville , and finish him off ! " say Lupin as the Boggart land on the floor as a cockroach . crack ! Snape be back . this time Neville charge forward look determine . " Riddikulus ! " he shout , and they have a split second 's view of Snape in his lacy dress before Neville let out a great " Ha ! " of laughter , and the Boggart explode , burst into a thousand tiny wisp of smoke , and be go . " excellent ! " cry Professor Lupin as the class break into applause . " excellent , Neville . well do , everyone ... let me see ... five point to Gryffindor for every person to tackle the Boggart -- ten for Neville because he do it twice ... and five each to Hermione and Harry . " " but I do n't do anything , " say Harry . " you and Hermione answer my question correctly at the start of the class , Harry , " Lupin say lightly . " very well , everyone , an excellent lesson . homework , kindly read the chapter on Boggarts and summarize it for me ... o be hand in on Monday . that will be all . " talk excitedly , the class leave the staffroom . Harry , however , be n't feel cheerful . Professor Lupin have deliberately stop him from tackle the Boggart . why ? be it because he have see Harry collapse on the train , and think he be n't up to much ? have he think Harry would pass out again ? but no one else seem to have notice anything . " do you see me take that banshee ? " shout Seamus . " and the hand ! " say Dean , wave his own around . " and Snape in that hat ! " " and my mummy ! " " I wonder why Professor Lupin be frighten of crystal ball ? " say Lavender thoughtfully . " that be the good defense against the Dark Arts lesson we have ever have , be n't it ? " say Ron excitedly as they make their way back to the classroom to get their bag . " he seem like a very good teacher , " say Hermione approvingly . " but I wish I could have have a turn with the boggart - " " what would it have be for you ? " say Ron , snigger . " a piece of homework that only get nine out of ten ? " chapter EIGHT Flight of the Fat Lady in no time at all , defense against the Dark Arts have become most people 's favorite class . only Draco Malfoy and his gang of Slytherins have anything bad to say about Professor Lupin . " look at the state of his robe , " Malfoy would say in a loud whisper as Professor Lupin pass . " he dress like our old house elf . " but no one else care that Professor Lupin 's robe be patch and fray . his next few lesson be just as interesting as the first . after Boggarts , they study Red Caps , nasty little goblin-like creature that lurk wherever there have be bloodshed : in the dungeon of castle and the pothole of desert battlefield , wait to bludgeon those who have get lose . from Red Caps they move on to Kappas , creepy . water-dwellers that look like scaly monkey , with web hand itch to strangle unwitting wader in their pond . Harry only wish he be as happy with some of his other class . bad of all be Potions . Snape be in a particularly vindictive mood these day , and no one be in any doubt why . the story of the Boggart assume Snape 's shape , and the way that Neville have dress it in his grandmother 's clothes , have travel through the school like wildfire . Snape do n't seem to find it funny . his eye flash menacingly at the very mention of Professor Lupin 's name , and he be bully Neville worse than ever . Harry be also grow to dread the hour he spend in Professor Trelawney 's stifle tower room , decipher lopsided shape and symbol , try to ignore the way Professor Trelawney 's enormous eye fill with tear every time she look at him . he could n't like Professor Trelawney , even though she be treat with respect border on reverence by many of the class . Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown have take to haunt Professor Trelawney 's tower room at lunch time , and always return with annoyingly superior look on their face , as though they know thing the other do n't . they have also start use hush voice whenever they speak to Harry , as though he be on his deathbed . nobody really like Care of Magical Creatures , which , after the action-packed first class , have become extremely dull . Hagrid seem to have lose his confidence . they be now spend lesson after lesson learning how to look after flobberworms , which have to be some of the most boring creature in existence . " why would anyone bother look after them ? " say Ron , after yet another hour of poke shredded lettuce down the flobberworms ' throat . at the start of October , however , Harry have something else to occupy him , something so enjoyable it more than make up for his unsatisfactory class . the Quidditch season be approach , and O1iver Wood , Captain of the Gryffindor team , call a meeting on Thursday evening to discuss tactic for the new season . there be seven people on a Quidditch team : three chaser , whose job it be to score goal by put the Quaffle ( a red , soccer-sized ball ) through one of the fifty-foot-high hoop at each end of the field ; two Beaters , who be equip with heavy bat to repel the Bludgers ( two heavy black ball that zoom around try to attack the player ) ; a Keeper , who defend the goal post , and the Seeker , who have the hard job of all , that of catch the Golden Snitch , a tiny , wing , walnut-sized ball , whose capture end the game and earn the Seeker 's team an extra one hundred and fifty point . Oliver Wood be a burly seventeen-year-old , now in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts . there be a quiet sort of desperation in his voice as he address his six fellow team member in the chilly locker room on the edge of the darken Quidditch field . " this be our last chance - my last chance -- to win the Quidditch Cup , " he tell them , stride up and down in front of them . " I will be leave at the end of this year . I will never get another shot at it . " Gryffindor have n't win for seven year now . okay , so we have have the bad luck in the world -- injury -- then the tournament get call off last year . " Wood swallow , as though the memory still bring a lump to his throat . " but we also know we have get the good -- ruddy -- team -- in -- the -- school , " he say , punch a fist into his other hand , the old manic glint back in his eye . " we have get three superb chaser . " Wood point at Alicia Spinner , Angelina Johnson , and Katie Bell . " we have get two unbeatable Beaters . " " stop it , Oliver , you be embarrass us , " say Fred and George Weasley together , pretend to blush . " and we have get a Seeker who have never fail to win us a match ! " Wood rumble , glare at Harry with a kind of furious pride . " and me , " he add as an afterthought . " we think you be very good too , Oliver , " say George . " spanking good keeper , " say Fred . " the point be , " Wood go on , resume his pace , " the Quidditch Cup should have have our name on it these last two year . ever since Harry join the team , I have think the thing be in the bag . but we have n't get it , and this year be the last chance we will get to finally see our name on the thing ... " Wood speak so dejectedly that even Fred and George look sympathetic . " Oliver , this year be our year , " say Fred . " we will do it , Oliver ! " say Angelina . " definitely , " say Harry . full of determination , the team start training session , three evening a week . the weather be get cold and wet , the night dark , but no amount of mud , wind , or rain could tarnish Harry 's wonderful vision of finally win the huge , silver Quidditch Cup . Harry return to the Gryffindor common room one evening after training , cold and stiff but please with the way practice have go , to find the room buzz excitedly . " what be happen ? " , he ask Ron and Hermione , who be sit in two of the good chair by the fireside and complete some star chart for Astronomy . " First Hogsmeade weekend , " say Ron , point at a notice that have appear on the battered old bulletin board . " end of October . Halloween . " " excellent , " say Fred , who have follow Harry through the portrait hole . " I need to visit Zonko 's . I be nearly out of Stink Pellets . " Harry throw himself into a chair beside Ron , his high spirit ebb away . Hermione seem to read his mind . " Harry , I be sure you will be able to go next time , " she say . " they be bind to catch Black soon . he have be sight once already . " " Black be not fool enough to try anything in Hogsmeade , " say Ron . " ask McGonagall if you can go this time , Harry . the next one might not be for age - " " Ron ! " say Hermione . " Harry be suppose to stay in school - " " he ca n't be the only third year leave behind , " say Ron . " ask McGonagall , go on , Harry - " " Yeah , I think I will , " say Harry , make up his mind . Hermione open her mouth to argue , but at that moment Crookshanks leap lightly onto her lap . a large , dead spider be dangle from his mouth . " do he have to eat that in front of us ? " say Ron , scowl . " Clever Crookshanks , do you catch that all by yourself ? " say Hermione . Crookshanks ; slowly chew up the spider , his yellow eye fix insolently on Ron . " just keep him over there , that be all , " say Ron irritably , turn back to his star chart . " I have get Scabbers asleep in my bag . " Harry yawn . he really want to go to bed , but he still have his own star chart to complete . he pull his bag toward him , take out parchment , ink , and quill , and start work . " you can copy mine , if you like , " say Ron , label his last star with a flourish and shove the chart toward Harry . Hermione , who disapprove of copying , purse her lip but do n't say anything . Crookshanks be still stare unblinkingly at Ron , flick the end of his bushy tail . then , without warning , he pounce . " OY ! " Ron roar , seize his bag as Crookshanks sink four set of claw deep inside it and begin tear ferociously . " get off , you STUPID ANIMAL ! " Ron try to pull the bag away from Crookshanks , but Crookshanks cling on , spit and slash . " Ron , do n't hurt him ! " squeal Hermione ; the whole common room be watch ; Ron whirl the bag around , Crookshanks still cling to it , and Scabbers come fly out of the top - " CATCH THAT CAT ! " Ron yell as Crookshanks free himself from the remnant of the bag , spring over the table , and chase after the terrify Scabbers . George Weasley make a lunge for Crookshanks but miss ; Scabbers streak through twenty pair of leg and shot beneath an old chest of drawer . Crookshanks skid to a halt , crouch low on his bandy leg , and start make furious swipe beneath it with his front paw . Ron and Hermione hurry over ; Hermione grab Crookshanks around the middle and heave him away ; Ron throw himself onto his stomach and , with great difficulty , pull Scabbers out by the tail . " look at him ! " he say furiously to Hermione , dangle Scabbers in front of her . " he be skin and bone ! you keep that cat away from him ! " " Crookshanks do n't understand it be wrong ! " say Hermione , her voice shake . " all cat chase rat , Ron ! " " there be something funny about that animal ! " say Ron , who be try to persuade a frantically wiggle Scabbers back into his pocket . " it hear me say that Scabbers be in my bag ! " " oh , what rubbish , " say Hermione impatiently . " Crookshanks could smell him , Ron , how else d'you think - " " that cat have get it in for Scabbers ! " say Ron , ignore the people around him , who be start to giggle . " and Scabbers be here first , and he be ill ! " Ron march through the common room and out of sight up the stair to the boy ' dormitory . Ron be still in a bad mood with Hermione next day . he barely talk to her all through Herbology , even though he , Harry , and Hermione be work together on the same Puffapod . " how be Scabbers ? " Hermione ask timidly as they strip fat pink pod from the plant and empty the shine bean into a wooden pail . " he be hide at the bottom of my bed , shake , " say Ron angrily , miss the pail and scattering bean over the greenhouse floor . " careful , Weasley , careful ! " cry Professor Sprout as the bean burst into bloom before their very eye . they have transfiguration next . Harry , who have resolve to ask Professor McGonagall after the lesson whether he could go into Hogsmeade with the rest , join the line outside the class try to decide how he be go to argue his case . he be distract , however , by a disturbance at the front of the line . Lavender Brown seem to be cry . Parvati have her arm around her and be explain something to Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas , who be look very serious . " what be the matter , Lavender ? " say Hermione anxiously as she , Harry , and Ron go to join the group . " she get a letter from home this morning , " Parvati whisper . " it be her rabbit , Binky . he have be kill by a fox . " " oh , " say Hermione , " I be sorry , Lavender . " " I should have know ! " say Lavender tragically . " you know what day it be ? " " er - " " the sixteenth of October ! ' that thing you be dread , it will happen on the sixteenth of October ! ' remember ? she be right , she be right ! " the whole class be gather around Lavender now . Seamus shake his head seriously . Hermione hesitate ; then she say , " you -- you be dread Binky be kill by a fox ? " " well , not necessarily by a fox , " say Lavender , look up at Hermione with stream eye , " but I be obviously dread him die , be n't I ? " " oh , " say Hermione . she pause again . then - " be Binky an old rabbit ? " " N -- no ! " sob Lavender . " H -- he be only a baby ! " Parvati tighten her arm around Lavender 's shoulder . " but then , why would you dread him die ? " say Hermione . Parvati glare at her . " well , look at it logically , " say Hermione , turn to the rest of the group . " I mean , Binky do n't even die today , do he ? Lavender just get the news today - " Lavender wail loudly . " - and she ca n't have be dread it , because it be come as a real shock - " " do n't mind Hermione , Lavender , " say Ron loudly , " she do n't think other people 's pet matter very much . " Professor McGonagall open the classroom door at that moment , which be perhaps lucky ; Hermione and Ron be look dagger at each other , and when they get into class , they seat themselves on either side of Harry and do n't talk to each other for the whole class . Harry still have n't decide what he be go to say to Professor McGonagall when the bell ring at the end of the lesson , but it be she who bring up the subject of Hogsmeade first . " one moment , please ! " she call as the class make to leave . " as you be all in my house , you should hand Hogsmeade permission form to me before Halloween . no form , no visit the village , so do n't forget ! " Neville put up his hand . " please , Professor , I -- I think I have lose - " " your grandmother send yours to me directly , Longbottom , " say Professor McGonagall . " she seem to think it be safe . well , that be all , you may leave . " " ask her now , " Ron hiss at Harry . " oh . but - " Hermione begin . " go for it , Harry , " say Ron stubbornly . Harry wait for the rest of the class to disappear , then head nervously for Professor McGonagall 's desk . " yes , Potter ? " Harry take a deep breath . " professor , my aunt and uncle -- er -- forget to sign my form , " he say . Professor McGonagall look over her square spectacle at him but do n't say anything . " so -- er -- d'you think it would be all right mean , will it be okay if I -- if I go to Hogsmeade ? " Professor McGonagall look down and begin shuffle paper on her desk . " I be afraid not , Potter , " she say . " you hear what I say . no form , no visit the village . that be the rule . " " but -- Professor , my aunt and uncle -- you know , they be Muggles , they do n't really understand about -- about Hogwarts form and stuff , " Harry say , while Ron egg him on with vigorous nod . " if you say I could go - " " but I do n't say so , " say Professor McGonagall , stand up and pile her paper neatly into a drawer . " the form clearly state that the parent or guardian must give permission . " she turn to look at him , with an odd expression on her face . be it pity ? " I be sorry , Potter , but that be my final word . you have good hurry , or you will be late for your next lesson . " there be nothing to be do . Ron call Professor McGonagall a lot of name that greatly annoy Hermione ; Hermione assume an ' all-for-the-best ' expression that make Ron even angry , and Harry have to endure everyone in the class talk loudly and happily about what they be go to do first , once they get into Hogsmeade . " there be always the feast , " say Ron , in an effort to cheer Harry up . " you know , the Halloween feast , in the evening . " " yeah , " say Harry gloomily , " great . " the Halloween feast be always good , but it would taste a lot well if he be come to it after a day in Hogsmeade with everyone else . nothing anyone say make him feel any well about be leave behind . Dean Thomas , who be good with a quill , have offer to forge Uncle Vernon 's signature on the form , but as Harry have already tell Professor McGonagall he have n't have it sign , that be no good . Ron halfheartedly suggest the Invisibility Cloak , but Hermione stamp on that one , remind Ron what Dumbledore have tell them about the Dementors be able to see through them . Percy have what be possibly the least helpful word of comfort . " they make a fuss about Hogsmeade , but I assure you , Harry , it be not all it be crack up to be , " he say seriously . " all right , the sweetshop be rather good , and Zonko 's Joke Shop 's frankly dangerous , and yes , the Shrieking Shack 's always worth a visit , but really , Harry , apart from that , you be not miss anything . " on Halloween morning , Harry awake with the rest and go down to breakfast , feel thoroughly depressed , though do his good to act normally . " we will bring you lot of sweet back from Honeydukes , " say Hermione , look desperately sorry for him . " yeah , load , " say Ron . he and Hermione have finally forget their squabble about Crookshanks in the face of Harry 's difficulty . " do n't worry about me , " say Harry , in what he hope be at , offhand voice , " I will see you at the feast . have a good time . " he accompany them to the entrance hall , where Filch , the caretaker , be stand inside the front door , check off name against a long list , peer suspiciously into every face , and make sure that no one be sneak out who should n't be go . " stay here , Potter ? " shout Malfoy , who be stand in line with Crabbe and Goyle . " scare of pass the Dementors ? " Harry ignore him and make his solitary way up the marble staircase , through the desert corridor , and back to Gryffindor Tower . " password ? " say the Fat Lady , jerk out of a doze . " Fortuna Major , " say Harry listlessly . the portrait swing open and he climb through the hole into the common room . it be full of chatter first-and second-years , and a few old student , who have obviously visit Hogsmeade so often the novelty have wear off . " Harry ! Harry ! hi , Harry ! " it be Colin Creevey , a second year who be deeply in awe of Harry and never miss an opportunity to speak to him . " be n't you go to Hogsmeade , Harry ? why not ? hey - " Colin look eagerly around at his friend -- " you can come and sit with us , if you like , Harry ! " " er -- no , thanks , Colin , " say Harry , who be n't in the mood to have a lot of people stare avidly at the scar on his forehead . " I -- I have get to go to the library , get to get some work do . " after that , he have no choice but to turn right around and head back out of the portrait hole again . " what be the point of wake me up ? " the Fat Lady call grumpily after him as he walk away . Harry wander dispiritedly toward the library , but halfway there he change his mind ; he do n't feel like work . he turn around and come face-to-face with Filch , who have obviously just see off the last of the Hogsmeade visitor . " what be you do ? " filch snarl suspiciously . " nothing , " say Harry truthfully . " nothing ! " spit Filch , his jowl quiver unpleasantly . " a likely story ! sneak around on your own -- why be n't you in Hogsmeade buy Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms like the rest of your nasty little friend ? " Harry shrug . " well , get back to your common room where you belong ! " snap Filch , and he stand glaring until Harry have pass out of sight . but Harry do n't go back to the common room ; he climb a staircase , think vaguely of visit the Owlery to see Hedwig , and be walk along another corridor when a voice from inside one of the room say , " Harry ? " Harry double back to see who have speak and meet Professor Lupin , look around his office door . " what be you do ? " say Lupin , though in a very different voice from Filch . " where be Ron and Hermione ? " " Hogsmeade , " say Harry , in a would-be casual voice . " ah , " say Lupin . he consider Harry for a moment . " why do n't you come in ? I have just take delivery of a Grindylow for our next lesson . " " a what ? " say Harry . he follow Lupin into his office . in the corner stand a very large tank of water . a sickly green creature with sharp little horn have its face press against the glass , pull face and flex its long , spindly finger . " water demon , " say Lupin , survey the Grindylow thoughtfully . " we should n't have much difficulty with him , not after the Kappas . the trick be to break his grip . you notice the abnormally long finger ? strong , but very brittle . " the Grindylow bare its green tooth and then bury itself in a tangle of weed in a corner . " cup of tea ? " lupin say , look around for his kettle . " I be just think of make one . " " all right , " say Harry awkwardly . lupin tap the kettle with his wand and a blast of steam issue suddenly from the spout . " sit down , " say Lupin , take the lid off a dusty tin . " I have only get teabags , I be afraid -- but I daresay you have have enough of tea leaf ? " Harry look at him . lupin 's eye be twinkle . " how do you know about that ? " Harry ask . " Professor McGonagall tell me , " say Lupin , pass Harry a chip mug of tea . " you be not worry , be you ? " " no , " say Harry . he think for a moment of tell Lupin about the dog he have see in Magnolia Crescent but decide not to . he do n't want Lupin to think he be a coward , especially since Lupin already seem to think he could n't cope with a Boggart . something of Harry 's thought seem to have show on his face , because Lupin say , " Anything worry you , Harry ? " " no , " Harry lie . he drink a bit of tea and watch the Grindylow brandish a fist at him . " yes , " he say suddenly , put his tea down on Lupin 's desk . " you know that day we fight the Boggart ? " " yes , " say Lupin slowly . " why do n't you let me fight it ? " say Harry abruptly . lupin raise his eyebrow . " I would have think that be obvious , Harry , " he say , sound surprise . Harry , who have expect Lupin to deny that he have do any such thing , be take aback . " why ? " he say again . " well , " say Lupin , frown slightly , " I assume that if the Boggart face you , it would assume the shape of Lord Voldemort . " Harry stare . not only be this the last answer he have expect , but Lupin have say Voldemort 's name . the only person Harry have ever hear say the name aloud ( apart from himself ) be Professor Dumbledore . " clearly , I be wrong , " say Lupin , still frown at Harry . " but I do n't think it a good idea for Lord Voldemort to materialize in the staffroom . I imagine that people would panic . " " I do n't think of Voldemort , " say Harry honestly . " I -- I remember those Dementors . " " I see , " say Lupin thoughtfully . " well , well ... I be impress . " he smile slightly at the look of surprise on Harry 's face . " that suggest that what you fear most of all be -- fear . very wise , Harry . " Harry do n't know what to say to that , so he drink some more tea . " so you have be think that I do n't believe you capable of fight the Boggart ? " say Lupin shrewdly . " well ... yeah , " say Harry . he be suddenly feel a lot happy . " Professor Lupin , you know the Dementors - " he be interrupt by a knock on the door . " come in , " call Lupin . the door open , and in come Snape . he be carry a goblet , which be smoke faintly , and stop at the sight of Harry , his black eye narrowing . " ah , Severus , " say Lupin , smile . " thanks very much . could you leave it here on the desk for me ? " Snape set down the smoking goblet , his eye wander between Harry and Lupin . " I be just show Harry my Grindylow , " say Lupin pleasantly , point at the tank . " fascinating , " say Snape , without look at it . " you should drink that directly , Lupin . " " yes , Yes , I will , " say Lupin . " I make an entire cauldronful , " Snape continue . " if you need more . " " I should probably have some again tomorrow . thanks very much , Severus . " " not at all , " say Snape , but there be a look in his eye Harry do n't like . he back out of the room , unsmiling and watchful . Harry look curiously at the goblet . lupin smile . " Professor Snape have very kindly concoct a potion for me , " he say . " I have never be much of a potion-brewer and this one be particularly complex . " he pick up the goblet and sniff it . " pity sugar make it useless , " he add , take a sip and shudder . " why - ? " Harry begin . lupin look at him and answer the unfinished question . " I have be feel a bit off-color , " he say . " this potion be the only thing that help . I be very lucky to be work alongside Professor Snape ; there be n't many wizard who be up to make it . " Professor Lupin take another sip and Harry have a crazy urge to knock the goblet out of his hand . " Professor Snape 's very interested in the Dark Art , " he blurt out . " really ? " say Lupin , look only mildly interested as he take another gulp of potion . " some people reckon - " Harry hesitate , then plunge recklessly on , " some people reckon he will do anything to get the defense against the Dark Arts job . " lupin drain the goblet and pull a face . " disgusting , " he say . " well , Harry , I will well get back to work . see you at the feast later . " " right , " say Harry , put down his empty teacup . the empty goblet be still smoke . " there you go , " say Ron . " we get as much as we could carry . " a shower of brilliantly color sweet fall into Harry 's lap . it be dusk , and Ron and Hermione have just turn up in the common room , pink-faced from the cold wind and look as though they have have the time of their life . " thanks , " say Harry , pick up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imps . " what be Hogsmeade like ? where do you go ? " by the sound of it -- everywhere . dervish and Banges , the wizarding equipment shop , Zonko 's Joke Shop , into the three Broomsticks for foam mug of hot butterbeer , and many place besides . " the post office , Harry ! about two hundred owl , all sit on shelf , all color-code depend on how fast you want your letter to get there ! " " Honeydukes have get a new kind of fudge ; they be give out free sample , there be a bit , look - " " we think we see an ogre , honestly , they get all sort at the three Broomsticks - " " Wish we could have bring you some butterbeer , really warm you up - " " what do you do ? " say Hermione , look anxious . " do you get any work do ? " " no , " say Harry . " lupin make me a cup of tea in his office . and then Snape come in ... " he tell them all about the goblet . Ron 's mouth fall open . " lupin drink it ? " he gasp . " be he mad ? " Hermione check her watch . " we will well go down , you know , the feast will be start in five minute . " they hurry through the portrait hole and into the crowd , still discuss Snape . " but if he -- you know - " Hermione drop her voice , glance nervously around , " if he be try to -- to poison Lupin -- he would n't have do it in front of Harry . " " yeah , maybe , " say Harry as they reach the entrance hall and cross into the Great Hall . it have be decorate with hundred and hundred of candle-filled pumpkin , a cloud of flutter live bat , and many flame orange streamer , which be swim lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes . the food be delicious ; even Hermione and Ron , who be full to burst with Honeydukes sweet , manage second helping of everything . Harry keep glance at the staff table . Professor Lupin look cheerful and as well as he ever do ; he be talk animatedly to tiny little Professor Flitwick , the Charms teacher . Harry move his eye along the table , to the place where Snape sit . be he imagine it , or be Snape 's eye flicker toward Lupin more often than be natural ? the feast finish with an entertainment provide by the Hogwarts ghost . they pop out of the wall and table to do a bit of formation glide ; nearly Headless Nick , the Gryffindor ghost , have a great success with a reenactment of his own botched beheading . it have be such a pleasant evening that Harry 's good mood could n't even be spoil by Malfoy , who shout through the crowd as they all leave the hall , " the Dementors send their love , Potter ! " Harry , Ron , and Hermione follow the rest of the Gryffindors along the usual path to Gryffindor Tower , but when they reach the corridor that end with the portrait of the Fat Lady , they find it jam with student . " why be n't anyone go in ? " say Ron curiously . Harry peer over the head in front of him . the portrait seem to be close . " let me through , please , " come Percy 's voice , and he come bustle importantly through the crowd . " what be the holdup here ? you ca n't all have forget the password -- excuse me , I be Head Boy - " and then a silence fall over the crowd , from the front first , so that a chill seem to spread down the corridor . they hear Percy say , in a suddenly sharp voice , " Somebody get Professor Dumbledore . quick . " people 's head turn ; those at the back be stand on tiptoe . " what be go on ? " say Ginny , who have just arrive . a moment later , Professor Dumbledore be there , sweep toward the portrait ; the Gryffindors squeeze together to let him through , and Harry , Ron , and Hermione move closer to see what the trouble be . " oh , my - " Hermione grab Harry 's arm . the Fat Lady have vanish from her portrait , which have be slash so viciously that strip of canvas litter the floor ; great chunk of it have be tear away completely . Dumbledore take one quick look at the ruin painting and turn , his eye somber , to see Professors McGonagall , Lupin , and Snape hurry toward him . " we need to find her , " say Dumbledore . " Professor McGonagall , please go to Mr. Filch at once and tell him to search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady . " " you will be lucky ! " say a cackle voice . it be Peeves the poltergeist , bob over the crowd and look delighted , as he always do , at the sight of wreckage or worry . " what do you mean , Peeves ? " say Dumbledore calmly , and Peeves 's grin fade a little . he do n't dare taunt Dumbledore . instead he adopt an oily voice that be no good than his cackle . " ashamed , your headship , sir . do n't want to be see . she be a horrible mess . see her running through the landscape up on the fourth floor , sir , dodge between the tree . cry something dreadful , " he say happily . " poor thing . " he add unconvincingly . " do she say who do it ? " say Dumbledore quietly . " oh yes , Professorhead , " say Peeves , with the air of one cradle a large bombshell in his arm . " he get very angry when she would n't let him in , you see . " peeve flip over and grin at Dumbledore from between his own leg . " nasty temper he be get , that Sirius Black . " chapter Nine Grim Defeat Professor Dumbledore send all the Gryffindors back to the Great Hall , where they be join ten minute later by the student from Hufflepuff , Ravenclaw , and Slytherin , who all look extremely confuse . " the teacher and I need to conduct a thorough search of the castle , " Professor Dumbledore tell them as Professors McGonagall and Flitwick close all door into the hall . " I be afraid that , for your own safety , you will have to spend the night here . I want the prefect to stand guard over the entrance to the hall and I be leave the Head Boy and Girl in charge . any disturbance should be report to me immediately , " he add to Percy , who be look immensely proud and important . " send word with one of the ghost . " Professor Dumbledore pause , about to leave the hall , and say , " oh , yes , you will be need ... " one casual wave of his wand and the long table fly to the edge of the hall and stand themselves against the wall ; another wave , and the floor be cover with hundred of squashy purple sleeping bag . " sleep well , " say Professor Dumbledore , close the door behind him . the hall immediately begin to buzz excitedly ; the Gryffindors be tell the rest of the school what have just happen . " everyone into their sleeping bag ! " shout Percy . " come on , now , no more talking ! light out in ten minute ! " " C'mon , " Ron say to Harry and Hermione ; they seize three sleeping bag and drag them into a corner . " do you think Black be still in the castle ? " Hermione whisper anxiously . " Dumbledore obviously think he might be , " say Ron . " it be very lucky he pick tonight , you know , " say Hermione as they climb fully dress into their sleeping bag and prop themselves on their elbow to talk . " the one night we be n't in the tower ... " " I reckon he be lose track of time , be on the run , " say Ron . " do n't realize it be Halloween . otherwise he will have come burst in here . " Hermione shudder . all around them , people be ask one another the same question : " how do he get in ? " " maybe he know how to Apparate , " say a Ravenclaw a few foot away , " just appear out of thin air , you know . " " disguise himself , probably , " say a Hufflepuff fifth year . " he could have flow in , " suggest Dean Thomas . " honestly , be I the only person who be ever bother to read Hogwarts , a history ? " say Hermione crossly to Harry and Ron . " probably , " say Ron . " why ? " " because the castle be protect by more than wall , you know , " say Hermione . " there be all sort of enchantment on it , to stop people enter by stealth . you ca n't just Apparate in here . and I will like to see the disguise that could fool those Dementors . they be guard every single entrance to the ground . they will have see him fly in too . and Filch know all the secret passage , they will have them cover ... " " the light be go out now ! " Percy shout . " I want everyone in their sleeping bag and no more talking ! " the candle all go out at once . the only light now come from the silvery ghost , who be drift about talk seriously to the prefect , and the enchant ceiling , which , like the sky outside , be scatter with star . what with that , and the whispering that still fill the hall , Harry feel as though he be sleep outdoors in a light wind . once every hour , a teacher would reappear in the Hall to check that everything be quiet . around three in the morning , when many student have finally fall asleep , Professor Dumbledore come in . Harry watch him look around for Percy , who have be prowl between the sleeping bag , tell people off for talk . Percy be only a short way away from Harry , Ron , and Hermione , who quickly pretend to be asleep as Dumbledore 's footstep draw near . " any sign of him , Professor ? " ask Percy in a whisper . " No. all well here ? " " everything under control , sir . " " good . there be no point move them all now . I have find a temporary guardian for the Gryffindor portrait hole . you will be able to move them back in tomorrow . " " and the Fat Lady , sir ? " " hide in a map of Argyllshire on the second floor . apparently she refuse to let Black in without the password , so he attack . she be still very distressed , but once she be calm down , I will have Mr. Filch restore her . " Harry hear the door of the hall creak open again , and more footstep . " headmaster ? " it be Snape . Harry keep quite still , listen hard . " the whole of the third floor have be search . he be not there . and Filch have do the dungeon ; nothing there either . " " what about the Astronomy tower ? Professor Trelawney 's room ? the Owlery ? " " all search ... " " Very well , Severus . I do n't really expect Black to linger . " " have you any theory as to how he get in , Professor ? " ask Snape . Harry raise his head very slightly off his arm to free his other ear . " many , Severus , each of them as unlikely as the next . " Harry open his eye a fraction and squint up to where they stand ; Dumbledore 's back be to him , but he could see Percy 's face , rapt with attention , and Snape 's profile , which look angry . " you remember the conversation we have , Headmaster , just before -- ah -- the start of term ? " say Snape , who be barely open his lip , as though try to block Percy out of the conversation . " I do , Severus , " say Dumbledore , and there be something like warning in his voice . " it seem -- almost impossible -- that Black could have enter the school without inside help . I do express my concern when you appoint - " " I do not believe a single person inside this castle would have help Black enter it , " say Dumbledore , and his tone make it so clear that the subject be close that Snape do n't reply . " I must go down to the Dementors , " say Dumbledore . " I say I would inform them when our search be complete . " " do n't they want to help , sir ? " say Percy . " oh yes , " say Dumbledore coldly . " but I be afraid no Dementor will cross the threshold of this castle while I be Headmaster . " Percy look slightly abash . Dumbledore leave the hall , walk quickly and quietly . Snape stand for a moment , watch the headmaster with an expression of deep resentment on his face ; then he too leave . Harry glance sideways at Ron and Hermione . both of them have their eye open too , reflect the starry ceiling . " what be all that about ? " Ron mouth . the school talk of nothing but Sirius Black for the next few day . the theory about how he have enter the castle become wilder and wilder ; Hannah Abbott , from Hufflepuff , spend much of their next Herbology class tell anyone who will listen that Black could turn into a flowering shrub . the Fat Lady 's rip canvas have be take off the wall and replace with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and his fat gray pony . nobody be very happy about this . Sir Cadogan spend half his time challenge people to duel , and the rest think up ridiculously complicated password , which he change at least twice a day . " he be a complete lunatic , " say Seamus Finnigan angrily to Percy . " can n't we get anyone else ? " " none of the other picture want the job , " say Percy . " frightened of what happen to the Fat Lady . Sir Cadogan be the only one brave enough to volunteer . " Sir Cadogan , however , be the least of Harry 's worry . he be now be closely watch . teacher find excuse to walk along corridor with him , and Percy Weasley ( act , Harry suspect , on his mother 's order ) be tail him everywhere like an extremely pompous guard dog . to cap it all , Professor McGonagall summon Harry into her office , with such a somber expression on her face Harry think someone must have die . " there be no point hide it from you any longer , Potter , " she say in a very serious voice . " I know this will come as a shock to you , but Sirius Black - " " I know he be after me , " say Harry wearily . " I hear Ron 's dad tell his mum . Mr. Weasley work for the Ministry of Magic . " Professor McGonagall seem very take aback . she stare at Harry for a moment or two , then say , " I see ! well , in that case , Potter , you will understand why I do n't think it be a good idea for you to be practice Quidditch in the evening . out on the field with only your team member , it be very expose , Potter - " " we have get our first match on Saturday ! " say Harry , outrage . " I have get to train , Professor ! " Professor McGonagall consider him intently . Harry know she be deeply interested in the Gryffindor team 's prospect ; it have be she , after all , who have suggest him as Seeker in the first place . he wait , hold his breath . " hmm ... " Professor McGonagall stand up and stare out of the window at the Quidditch field , just visible through the rain . " well ... goodness know , I will like to see us win the Cup at last ... but all the same , Potter ... I will be happy if a teacher be present . I will ask Madam Hooch to oversee your training session . " the weather worsen steadily as the first Quidditch match draw near . undaunted , the Gryffindor team be train harder than ever under the eye of Madam Hooch . then , at their final training session before Saturday 's match , Oliver Wood give his team some unwelcome news . " we be not play Slytherin ! " he tell them , look very angry . " Flint have just be to see me . we be play Hufflepuff instead . " " why ? " chorus the rest of the team . " Flint 's excuse be that their Seeker 's arm be still injure , " say Wood , grind his tooth furiously . " but it be obvious why they be do it . do n't want to play in this weather . think it will damage their chance ... " there have be strong wind and heavy rain all day , and as Wood speak , they hear a distant rumble of thunder . " there be nothing wrong with Malfoy 's arm ! " say Harry furiously . " he be fake it ! " " I know that , but we ca n't prove it , " say Wood bitterly , " and we have be practice all those move assume we be play Slytherin , and instead it be Hufflepuff , and their style be quite different . they have get a new Captain and Seeker , Cedric Diggory - " Angelina , Alicia , and Katie suddenly giggle . " what ? " say Wood , frown at this lighthearted behavior . " he be that tall , good-looking one , be n't he ? " say Angelina . " strong and silent , " say Katie , and they start to giggle again . " he be only silent because he be too thick to string two word together , " say Fred impatiently . " I do n't know why you be worry , Oliver , Hufflepuff be a pushover . last time we play them , Harry catch the Snitch in about five minute , remember ? " " we be play in completely different condition ! " Wood shout , his eye bulge slightly . " Diggory 's put a very strong side together ! he be an excellent Seeker ! I be afraid you will take it like this ! we must n't relax ! we must keep our focus ! Slytherin be try to wrong-foot us ! we must win ! " " Oliver , calm down ! " say Fred , look slightly alarm . " we be take Hufflepuff very seriously . seriously . " the day before the match , the wind reach howl point and the rain fall harder than ever . it be so dark inside the corridor and classroom that extra torch and lantern be light . the Slytherin team be look very smug indeed , and none more so than Malfoy . " ah , if only my arm be feel a bit well ! " he sigh as the gale outside pound the window . Harry have no room in his head to worry about anything except the match tomorrow . Oliver Wood keep hurry up to him between class and give him tip . the third time this happen , Wood talk for so long that Harry suddenly realize he be ten minute late for Defense against the Dark Arts , and set off at a run with Wood shout after him , " Diggory 's get a very fast swerve , Harry , so you might want to try loop him - " Harry skid to a halt outside the defense against the Dark Arts classroom , pull the door open , and dash inside . " sorry I be late , Professor Lupin . I - " but it be n't Professor Lupin who look up at him from the teacher 's desk ; it be Snape . " this lesson begin ten minute ago , Potter , so I think we will make it ten point from Gryffindor . sit down . " but Harry do n't move . " where be Professor Lupin ? " he say . " he say he be feel too ill to teach today , " say Snape with a twisted smile . " I believe I tell you to sit down ? " but Harry stay where he be . " what be wrong with him ? " Snape 's black eye glitter . " nothing life-threatening , " he say , look as though he wish it be . " five more point from Gryffindor , and if I have to ask you to sit down again , it will be fifty . " Harry walk slowly to his seat and sit down . Snape look around at the class . " as I be say before Potter interrupt , Professor Lupin have not leave any record of the topic you have cover so far - " " Please , sir , we have do Boggarts , Red Caps , Kappas , and Grindylows , " say Hermione quickly , " and we be just about to start - " " be quiet , " say Snape coldly . " I do not ask for information . I be merely comment on Professor Lupin 's lack of organization . " " he be the good defense against the Dark Arts teacher we have ever have , " say Dean Thomas boldly , and there be a murmur of agreement from the rest of the class . Snape look more menace than ever . " you be easily satisfy . lupin be hardly overtax you -- I would expect first year to be able to deal with Red Caps and Grindylows . today we shall discuss - " Harry watch him flick through the textbook , to the very back chapter , which he must know they have n't cover . " - werewolf , " say Snape . " but , sir , " say Hermione , seemingly unable to restrain herself , " we be not suppose to do werewolf yet , we be due to start Hinkypunks - " " Miss Granger , " say Snape in a voice of deadly calm , " I be under the impression that I be teach this lesson , not you . and I be tell you all to turn to page @card@ . " he glance around again . " all of you ! now ! " with many bitter sidelong look and some sullen mutter , the class open their book . " which of you can tell me how we distinguish between the werewolf and the true wolf ? " say Snape . everyone sit in motionless silence ; everyone except Hermione , whose hand , as it so often do , have shoot straight into the air . " anyone ? " Snape say , ignore Hermione . his twisted smile be back . " be you tell me that Professor Lupin have n't even teach you the basic distinction between - " " we tell you , " say Parvati suddenly , " we have n't get as far as werewolf yet , we be still on -- " " Silence ! " snarl Snape . " well , well , well , I never think I will meet a third-year class who would n't even recognize a werewolf when they see one . I shall make a point of inform Professor Dumbledore how very behind you all be ... " " Please , sir , " say Hermione , whose hand be still in the air , " the werewolf differ from the true wolf in several small way . the snout of the werewolf - " " that be the second time you have speak out of turn , Miss Granger , " say Snape coolly . " five more point from Gryffindor for be an insufferable know-it-all . " Hermione go very red , put down her hand , and stare at the floor with her eye full of tear . it be a mark of how much the class loathe Snape that they be all glaring at him , because every one of them have call Hermione a know-it-all at least once , and Ron , who tell Hermione she be a know-it-all at least twice a week , say loudly , " you ask us a question and she know the answer ! why ask if you do n't want to be tell ? " the class know instantly he have go too far . Snape advance on Ron slowly , and the room hold its breath . " detention , Weasley , " Snape say silkily , his face very close to Ron 's . " and if I ever hear you criticize the way I teach a class again , you will be very sorry indeed . " no one make a sound throughout the rest of the lesson . they sit and make note on werewolf from the textbook , while Snape prowl up and down the row of desk , examine the work they have be do with Professor Lupin . " very poorly explain ... that be incorrect , the Kappa be more commonly find in Mongolia ... Professor Lupin give this eight out of ten ? I would n't have give it three ... " when the bell ring at last , Snape hold them back . " you will each write an essay , to be hand in to me , on the way you recognize and kill werewolf . I want two roll of parchment on the subject , and I want them by Monday morning . it be time somebody take this class in hand . Weasley , stay behind , we need to arrange your detention . " Harry and Hermione leave the room with the rest of the class , who wait until they be well out of earshot , then burst into a furious tirade about Snape . " Snape have never be like this with any of our other defense against the dark Arts teacher , even if he do want the job , " Harry say to Hermione . " why be he get it in for Lupin ? D'you think this be all because of the Boggart ? " " I do n't know , " say Hermione pensively . " but I really hope Professor Lupin get well soon ... " Ron catch up with them five minute later , in a towering rage . " D'you know what that - " ( he call Snape something that make Hermione say " Ron ! " ) " - be make me do ? I have get to scrub out the bedpan in the hospital wing . without magic ! " he be breathe deeply , his fist clench . " why could n't Black have hide in Snape 's office , eh ? he could have finish him off for us ! " Harry wake extremely early the next morning ; so early that it be still dark . for a moment he think the roaring of the wind have wake him . then he feel a cold breeze on the back of his neck and sit bolt upright -- Peeves the Poltergeist have be float next to him , blow hard in his ear . " what do you do that for ? " say Harry furiously . peeve puff out his cheek , blow hard , and zoom backward out of the room , cackle . Harry fumble for his alarm clock and look at it . it be half past four . curse Peeves , he roll over and try to get back to sleep , but it be very difficult , now that he be awake , to ignore the sound of the thunder rumble overhead , the pound of the wind against the castle wall , and the distant creak of the tree in the Forbidden Forest . in a few hour he would be out on the Quidditch field , battle through that gale . finally , he give up any thought of more sleep , get up , dress , pick up his Nimbus Two Thousand , and walk quietly out of the dormitory . as Harry open the door , something brush against his leg . he bend down just in time to grab Crookshanks by the end of his bushy tail and drag him outside . " you know , I reckon Ron be right about you , " Harry tell Crookshanks suspiciously . " there be plenty of mouse around this place -- go and chase them . go on , " he add , nudge Crookshanks down the spiral staircase with his foot . " leave Scabbers alone . " the noise of the storm be even loud in the common room . Harry know well than to think the match would be cancel ; Quidditch match be n't call off for trifle like thunderstorm . nevertheless , he be start to feel very apprehensive . Wood have point out Cedric Diggory to him in the corridor ; Diggory be a fifth year and a lot big than Harry . seeker be usually light and speedy , but Diggory 's weight would be an advantage in this weather because he be less likely to be blow off course . Harry whil away the hour until dawn in front of the fire , get up every now and then to stop Crookshanks from sneak up the boy ' staircase again . at long last Harry think it must be time for breakfast , so he head through the portrait hole alone . " stand and fight , you mangy cur ! " yell Sir Cadogan . " oh , shut up , " Harry yawn . he revive a bit over a large bowl of porridge , and by the time he have start on toast , the rest of the team have turn up . " it be go to be a tough one , " say Wood , who be n't eat anything . " stop worry , Oliver , " say Alicia soothingly , " we do n't mind a bit of rain . " but it be considerably more than a bit of rain . such be the popularity of Quidditch that the whole school turn out to watch the match as usual , but they run down the lawn toward the Quidditch field , head bow against the ferocious wind , umbrella be whip out of their hand as they go . just before he enter the locker room , Harry see Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , laugh and point at him from under an enormous umbrella on their way to the stadium . the team change into their scarlet robe and wait for Wood 's usual pre-match pep talk , but it do n't come . he try to speak several time , make an odd gulp noise , then shake his head hopelessly and beckon them to follow him . the wind be so strong that they stagger sideways as they walk out onto the field . if the crowd be cheer , they could n't hear it over the fresh roll of thunder . rain be splatter over Harry 's glass . how on earth be he go to see the Snitch in this ? the Hufflepuffs be approach from the opposite side of the field , wear canary-yellow robe . the Captains walk up to each other and shake hand ; Diggory smile at Wood but Wood now look as though he have lockjaw and merely nod . Harry see Madam Hooch 's mouth form the word , " Mount your broom . " he pull his right foot out of the mud with a squelch and swing it over his Nimbus Two Thousand . madam Hooch put her whistle to her lip and give it a blast that sound shrill and distant -- they be off . Harry rise fast , but his Nimbus be swerve slightly with the wind . he hold it as steady as he could and turn , squint into the rain . within five minute Harry be soak to his skin and frozen , hardly able to see his teammate , let alone the tiny Snitch . he fly backward and forward across the field past blur red and yellow shape , with no idea of what be happen in the rest of the game . he could n't hear the commentary over the wind . the crowd be hide beneath a sea of cloak and battered umbrella . twice Harry come very close to be unseat by a Bludger ; his vision be so cloud by the rain on his glass he have n't see them come . he lose track of time . it be get hard and hard to hold his broom straight . the sky be get dark , as though night have decide to come early . twice Harry nearly hit another player , without know whether it be a teammate or opponent ; everyone be now so wet , and the rain so thick , he could hardly tell them apart ... with the first flash of lightning come the sound of Madam Hooch 's whistle ; Harry could just see the outline of Wood through the thick rain , gesture him to the ground . the whole team splash down into the mud . " I call for time-out ! " Wood roar at his team . " come on , under here - " they huddle at the edge of the field under a large umbrella ; Harry take off his glass and wipe them hurriedly on his robe . " what be the score ? " " we be fifty point up , " say Wood , " but unless we get the Snitch soon , we will be play into the night . " " I have get no chance with these on , " Harry say exasperatedly , wave his glass . at that very moment , Hermione appear at his shoulder ; she be hold her cloak over her head and be , inexplicably , beaming . " I have have an idea , Harry ! give me your glass , quick ! " he hand them to her , and as the team watch in amazement , Hermione tap them with her wand and say , " Impervius ! " " there ! " she say , hand them back to Harry . " they will repel water ! " Wood look as though he could have kiss her . " brilliant ! " he call hoarsely after her as she disappear into the crowd . " okay , team , let be go for it ! " Hermione 's spell have do the trick . Harry be still numb with cold , still wet than he have ever be in his life , but he could see . full of fresh determination , he urge his broom through the turbulent air , stare in every direction for the Snitch , avoid a Bludger , duck beneath Diggory , who be streak in the opposite direction ... there be another clap of thunder , follow immediately by forked lightning . this be get more and more dangerous . Harry need to get the Snitch quickly - he turn , intend to head back toward the middle of the field , but at that moment , another flash of lightning illuminate the stand , and Harry see something that distract him completely , the silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog , clearly imprint against the sky , motionless in the topmost , empty row of seat . Harry 's numb hand slip on the broom handle and his Nimbus drop a few foot . shake his sodden bang out of his eye , he squint back into the stand . the dog have vanish . " Harry ! " come Wood 's anguish yell from the Gryffindor goal post . " Harry , behind you ! " Harry look wildly around . Cedric Diggory be pelt up the field , and a tiny speck of gold be shimmer in the rain-filled air between them ... with a jolt of panic , Harry throw himself flat to the broom handle and zoom toward the Snitch . " come on ! " he growl at his nimbus as the rain whip his face . " faster ! " but something odd be happen . an eerie silence be fall across the stadium . the wind , though as strong as ever , be forget to roar . it be as though someone have turn off the sound , as though Harry have go suddenly deaf -- what be go on ? and then a horribly familiar wave of cold sweep over him , inside him , just as he become aware of something move on the field below ... before he have have time to think , Harry have take his eye off the Snitch and look down . at least a hundred Dementors , their hidden face point up at him , be stand beneath him . it be as though freezing water be rise in his chest , cut at his inside . and then he hear it again ... someone be scream , scream inside his head ... a woman ... " not Harry , not Harry , please not Harry ! " " stand aside , you silly girl ... stand aside , now ... " " not Harry , please no , take me , kill me instead - " Numbing , swirling white mist be fill Harry 's brain ... what be he do ? why be he fly ? he need to help her ... she be go to die ... she be go to be murder ... he be fall , fall through the icy mist . " not Harry ! please ... have mercy ... have mercy ... " a shrill voice be laugh , the woman be scream , and Harry know no more . " Lucky the ground be so soft . " " I think he be dead for sure . " " but he do n't even break his glass . " Harry could hear the voice whispering , but they make no sense whatsoever . he do n't have a clue where he be , or how he have get there , or what he have be do before he get there . all he know be that every inch of him be ache as though it have be beat . " that be the scary thing I have ever see in my life . " scary ... the scary thing ... hooded black figure ... cold ... scream ... Harry 's eye snap open . he be lie in the hospital wing . the Gryffindor Quidditch team , spatter with mud from head to foot , be gather around his bed . Ron and Hermione be also there , look as though they have just climb out of a swimming pool . " Harry ! " say Fred , who look extremely white underneath , the mud . " how be you feel ? " it be as though Harry 's memory be on fast forward . the lightning ... the Grim ... the Snitch ... and the Dementors ... " what happen ? " he say , sit up so suddenly they all gasp . " you fall off , " say Fred . " must have be -- what -- fifty foot ? " " we think you have die , " say Alicia , who be shake . Hermione make a small , squeaky noise . her eye be extremely bloodshot . " but the match , " say Harry . " what happen ? be we do a replay ? " no one say anything . the horrible truth sink into Harry like a stone . " we do n't -- lose ? " " Diggory get the Snitch , " say George . " just after you fall . he do n't realize what have happen . when he look back and see you on the ground , he try to call it off . want a rematch . but they win fair and square ... even Wood admit it . " " where be Wood ? " say Harry , suddenly realize he be n't there . " still in the shower , " say Fred . " we think he be try to drown himself . " Harry put his face to his knee , his hand grip his hair . Fred grab his shoulder and shake it roughly . " C'mon , Harry , you have never miss the Snitch before . " " there have to be one time you do n't get it , " say George . " it be not over yet , " say Fred . " we lose by a hundred point . " " right ? so if Hufflepuff lose to Ravenclaw and we beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin ... " " Hufflepuff will have to lose by at least two hundred point , " say George . " but if they beat Ravenclaw ... " " no way , Ravenclaw be too good . but if Slytherin lose against Hufflepuff ... " " it all depend on the point -- a margin of a hundred either way - " Harry lie there , not say a word . they have lose ... for the first time ever , he have lose a Quidditch match . after ten minute or so , Madam Pomfrey come over to tell the team to leave him in peace . " we will come and see you later , " Fred tell him . " do n't beat yourself up Harry , you be still the good seeker we have ever have . " the team troop out , trail mud behind them . madam Pomfrey shut the door behind them , look disapprove . Ron and Hermione move near to Harry 's bed . " Dumbledore be really angry , " Hermione say in a quak voice . " I have never see him like that before . he run onto the field as you fall , wave his wand , and you sort of slow down before you hit the ground . then he whirl his wand at the Dementors . shoot silver stuff at them . they leave the stadium right away ... he be furious they will come onto the ground . we hear him - " " then he magicked you onto a stretcher , " say Ron . " and walk up to school with you float on it . everyone think you be ... " his voice fade , but Harry hardly notice . he be think about what the Dementors have do to him ... about the scream voice . he look up and see Ron and Hermione look at him so anxiously that he quickly cast around for something matter-of-fact to say . " do someone get my nimbus ? " Ron and Hermione look quickly at each other . " er - " " what ? " say Harry , look from one to the other . " well ... when you fall off , it get blow away , " say Hermione hesitantly . " and ? " " and it hit -- it hit -- oh , Harry -- it hit the Whomping Willow . " Harry 's inside lurch . the Whomping Willow be a very violent tree that stand alone in the middle of the ground . " and ? " he say , dread the answer . " well , you know the Whomping Willow , " say Ron . " it -- it do n't like be hit . " " Professor Flitwick bring it back just before you come around , " say Hermione in a very small voice . slowly , she reach down for a bag at her foot , turn it upside down , and tip a dozen bit of splinter wood and twig onto the bed , the only remain of Harry 's faithful , finally beat broomstick . chapter ten the Marauder 's Map Madam Pomfrey insist on keep Harry in the hospital wing for the rest of the weekend . he do n't argue or complain , but he would n't let her throw away the shattered remnant of his Nimbus Two Thousand . he know he be be stupid , know that the Nimbus be beyond repair , but Harry could n't help it ; he feel as though he have lose one of his good friend . he have a stream of visitor , all intent on cheer him up . Hagrid send him a bunch of earwiggy flower that look like yellow cabbage , and Ginny Weasley , blush furiously , turn up with a get-well card she have make herself , which sing shrilly unless Harry keep it shut under his bowl of fruit . the Gryffindor team visit again on Sunday morning , this time accompany by Wood , who tell Harry ( in a hollow , dead sort of voice ) that he do n't blame him in the slight . Ron and Hermione leave Harry 's bedside only at night . but nothing anyone say or do could make Harry feel any good , because they know only half of what be trouble him . he have n't tell anyone about the Grim , not even Ron and Hermione , because he know Ron would panic and Hermione would scoff . the fact remain , however , that it have now appear twice , and both appearance have be follow by near-fatal accident ; the first time , he have nearly be run over by the Knight Bus ; the second , fall fifty foot from his broomstick . be the Grim go to haunt him until he actually die ? be he go to spend the rest of his life look over his shoulder for the beast ? and then there be the Dementors . Harry feel sick and humiliate every time he think of them . everyone say the Dementors be horrible , but no one else collapse every time they go near one . no one else hear echo in their head of their die parent . because Harry know who that scream voice belong to now . he have hear her word , hear them over and over again during the night hour in the hospital wing while he lie awake , stare at the strip of moonlight on the ceiling . when the Dementors approach him , he hear the last moment of his mother 's life , her attempt to protect him , Harry , from Lord Voldemort , and Voldemort 's laughter before he murder her ... Harry doze fitfully , sink into dream full of clammy , rot hand and petrify pleading , jerk awake to dwell again on his mother 's voice . it be a relief to return to the noise and bustle of the main school on Monday , where he be force to think about other thing , even if he have to endure Draco Malfoy be taunt . Malfoy be almost beside himself with glee at Gryffindor 's defeat . he have finally take off his bandage , and celebrate have the full use of both arm again by do spirited imitation of Harry fall off his broom . Malfoy spend much of their next potion class do Dementor imitation across the dungeon ; Ron finally crack and fling a large , slippery crocodile heart at Malfoy , which hit him in the face and cause Snape to take fifty point from Gryffindor . " if Snape 's teaching defense against the dark art again , I be skive off , " say Ron as they head toward Lupin 's classroom after lunch . " check who be in there , Hermione . " Hermione peer around the classroom door . " it be okay ! " Professor Lupin be back at work . it certainly look as though he have be ill . his old robe be hang more loosely on him and there be dark shadow beneath his eye ; nevertheless , he smile at the class as they take their seat , and they burst at once into an explosion of complaint about Snape 's behavior while Lupin have be ill . " it be not fair , he be only fill in , why should he give us homework ? " " we do n't know anything about werewolf - " " - two roll of parchment ! " " do you tell Professor Snape we have n't cover them yet ? " lupin ask , frown slightly . the babble break out again . " yes , but he say we be really behind - " " - he would n't listen - " " - two roll of parchment ! " Professor Lupin smile at the look of indignation on every face . " do n't worry . I will speak to Professor Snape . you do n't have to do the essay . " " oh no , " say Hermione , look very disappointed . " I have already finish it ! " they have a very enjoyable lesson . Professor Lupin have bring along a glass box contain a Hinkypunk , a little one-legged creature who look as though he be make of wisp of smoke , rather frail and harmless look . " lure traveler into bog , " say Professor Lupin as they take note . " you notice the lantern dangle from his hand ? hop ahead -- people follow the light -- then - " the Hinkypunk make a horrible squelch noise against the glass . when the bell ring , everyone gather up their thing and head for the door , Harry among them , but - " wait a moment , Harry , " Lupin call . " I will like a word . " Harry double back and watch Professor Lupin cover the Hinkypunk 's box with a cloth . " I hear about the match , " say Lupin , turn back to his desk and start to pile book into his briefcase , " and I be sorry about your broomstick . be there any chance of fix it ? " " no , " say Harry . " the tree smash it to bit . " lupin sigh . " they plant the Whomping Willow the same year that I arrive at Hogwarts . people use to play a game , try to get near enough to touch the trunk . in the end , a boy call Davey Gudgeon nearly lose an eye , and we be forbid to go near it . no broomstick would have a chance . " " do you hear about the Dementors too ? " say Harry with difficulty . lupin look at him quickly . " yes , I do . I do n't think any of us have see Professor Dumbledore that angry . they have be grow restless for some time ... furious at his refusal to let them inside the ground ... I suppose they be the reason you fall ? " " yes , " say Harry . he hesitate , and then the question he have to ask burst from him before he could stop himself . " why ? why do they affect me like that ? be I just - ? " " it have nothing to do with weakness , " say Professor Lupin sharply , as though he have read Harry 's mind . " the Dementors affect you bad than the other because there be horror in your past that the other do n't have . " a ray of wintry sunlight fall across the classroom , illuminate Lupin 's gray hair and the line on his young face . " Dementors be among the foul creature that walk this earth . they infest the dark , filthy place , they glory in decay and despair , they drain peace , hope , and happiness out of the air around them . even Muggles feel their presence , though they ca n't see them . get too near a Dementor and every good feeling , every happy memory will be suck out of you . if it can , the Dementor will feed on you long enough to reduce you to something like itself -- soul-less and evil . you will be leave with nothing but the bad experience of your life . and the bad that happen to you , Harry , be enough to make anyone fall off their broom . you have nothing to feel ashamed of . " " when they get near me - " Harry stare at Lupin 's desk , his throat tight . " I can hear Voldemort murder my mum . " lupin make a sudden motion with his arm as though to grip Harry 's shoulder , but think good of it . there be a moment 's silence , then - " why do they have to come to the match ? " say Harry bitterly . " they be get hungry , " say Lupin coolly , shut his briefcase with a snap . " Dumbledore wo n't let them into the school , so their supply of human prey have dry up ... I do n't think they could resist the large crowd around the Quidditch field . all that excitement ... emotion run high ... it be their idea of a feast . " " Azkaban must be terrible , " Harry mutter . lupin nod grimly . " the fortress be set on a tiny island , way out to sea , but they do n't need wall and water to keep the prisoner in , not when they be all trap inside their own head , incapable of a single cheery thought . most of them go mad within week . " " but Sirius Black escape from them , " Harry say slowly . " he get away ... " Lupin 's briefcase slip from the desk ; he have to stoop quickly to catch it . " yes , " he say , straighten up , " Black must have find a way to fight them . I would n't have believe it possible ... Dementors be suppose to drain a wizard of his power if he be leave with them too long ... " " you make that Dementor on the train back off , " say Harry suddenly . " there be -- certain defense one can use , " say Lupin . " but there be only one Dementor on the train . the more there be , the more difficult it become to resist . " " what defense ? " say Harry at once . " can you teach me ? " " I do n't pretend to be an expert at fight Dementors , Harry -- quite the contrary ... " " but if the Dementors come to another Quidditch match , I need to be able to fight them - " Lupin look into Harry 's determine face , hesitate , then say , " well ... all right . I will try and help . but it will have to wait until next term , I be afraid . I have a lot to do before the holiday . I choose a very inconvenient time to fall ill . " what with the promise of anti-Dementor lesson from Lupin , the thought that he might never have to hear his mother 's death again , and the fact that Ravenclaw flatten Hufflepuff in their Quidditch match at the end of November , Harry 's mood take a definite upturn . Gryffindor be not out of the running after all , although they could not afford to lose another match . Wood become repossessed of his manic energy , and work his team as hard as ever in the chilly haze of rain that persist into December . Harry see no hint of a Dementor within the ground . Dumbledore 's anger seem to be keep them at their station at the entrance . two week before the end of the term , the sky lighten suddenly to a dazzling , opaline white and the muddy ground be reveal one morning cover in glitter frost . inside the castle , there be a buzz of Christmas in the air . Professor Flitwick , the Charms teacher , have already decorate his classroom with shimmer light that turn out to be real , flutter fairy . the student be all happily discuss their plan for the holiday . both Ron and Hermione have decide to remain at Hogwarts , and though Ron say it be because he could n't stand two week with Percy , and Hermione insist she need to use the library , Harry be n't fool ; they be do it to keep him company , and he be very grateful . to everyone 's delight except Harry 's , there be to be another Hogsmeade trip on the very last weekend of the term . " we can do all our Christmas shopping there ! " say Hermione . " Mum and Dad would really love those Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes ! " resign to the fact that he would be the only third year stay behind again , Harry borrow a copy of which Broomstick from Wood , and decide to spend the day read up on the different make . he have be ride one of the school broom at team practice , an ancient Shooting Star , which be very slow and jerky ; he definitely need a new broom of his own . on the Saturday morning of the Hogsmeade trip , Harry bid good-bye to Ron and Hermione , who be wrap in cloak and scarves , then turn up the marble staircase alone , and head back toward Gryffindor Tower . Snow have start to fall outside the window , and the castle be very still and quiet . " Psst -- Harry ! " he turn , halfway along the third-floor corridor , to see Fred and George peer out at him from behind a statue of a humpbacked , one-eyed witch . " what be you do ? " say Harry curiously . " how come you be not go to Hogsmeade ? " " we have come to give you a bit of festive cheer before we go , " say Fred , with a mysterious wink . " come in here ... " he nod toward an empty classroom to the left of the one-eyed statue . Harry follow Fred and George inside . George close the door quietly and then turn , beam , to look at Harry . " early Christmas present for you , Harry , " he say . Fred pull something from inside his cloak with a flourish and lay it on one of the desk . it be a large , square , very wear piece of parchment with nothing write on it . Harry , suspect one of Fred and George 's joke , stare at it . " what be that suppose to be ? " " this , Harry , be the secret of our success , " say George , pat the parchment fondly . " it be a wrench , give it to you , " say Fred , " but we decide last night , your need be great than ours . " " anyway , we know it by heart , " say George . " we bequeath it to you . we do n't really need it anymore . " " and what do I need with a bit of old parchment ? " say Harry . " a bit of old parchment ! " say Fred , close his eye with a grimace as though Harry have mortally offend him . " explain , George . " " well ... when we be in our first year , Harry -- young , carefree , and innocent - " Harry snort . he doubt whether Fred and George have ever be innocent . " -- well , more innocent than we be now -- we get into a spot of bother with Filch . " " we let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset him for some reason - " " so he haul us off to his office and start threaten us with the usual - " " - detention - " " - disembowelment - " " - and we could n't help notice a drawer in one of his filing cabinet mark Confiscated and Highly dangerous . " " do n't tell me - " say Harry , start to grin . " well , what would you have do ? " say Fred . " George cause a diversion by drop another Dungbomb , I whip the drawer open , and grab -- his . " " it be not as bad as it sound , you know , " say George . " we do n't reckon Filch ever find out how to work it . he probably suspect what it be , though , or he would n't have confiscate it . " " and you know how to work it ? " " oh yes , " say Fred , smirk . " this little beauty have teach us more than all the teacher in this school . " " you be wind me up , " say Harry , look at the ragged old bit of parchment . " oh , be we ? " say George . he take out his wand , touch the parchment lightly , and say , " I solemnly swear that I be up to no good . " and at once , thin ink line begin to spread like a spider 's web from the point that George 's wand have touch . they join each other , they crisscross , they fan into every corner of the parchment ; then word begin to blossom across the top , great , curly green word , that proclaim : Messrs. Moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to magical mischief-maker be proud to present the MARAUDER 's MAP it be a map show every detail of the Hogwarts castle and ground . but the truly remarkable thing be the tiny ink dot move around it , each label with a name in minuscule writing . astound , Harry bend over it . a label dot in the top left corner show that Professor Dumbledore be pace his study ; the caretaker 's cat , Mrs. Norris , be prowl the second floor ; and Peeves the poltergeist be currently bounce around the trophy room . and as Harry 's eye travel up and down the familiar corridor , he notice something else . this map show a set of passage he have never enter . and many of them seem to lead - " right into Hogsmeade , " say Fred , trace one of them with his finger . " there be seven in all . now , Filch know about these four " -- he point them out -- " but we be sure we be the only one who know about these . do n't bother with the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor . we use it until last winter , but it be cave in -- completely block . and we do n't reckon anyone be ever use this one , because the Whomping Willow 's plant right over the entrance . but this one here , this one lead right into the cellar of Honeydukes . we have use it load of time . and as you might have notice , the entrance be right outside this room , through that one-eyed old crone 's hump . " " moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and Prongs , " sigh George , pat the heading of the map . " we owe them so much . " " noble man , work tirelessly to help a new generation of lawbreaker , " say Fred solemnly . " right , " say George briskly . " do n't forget to wipe it after you have use it - " " - or anyone can read it , " Fred say warningly . " just tap it again and say , ' Mischief manage ! ' and it will go blank . " " so , young Harry , " say Fred , in an uncanny impersonation of Percy , " mind you behave yourself . " " see you in Honeydukes , " say George , wink . they leave the room , both smirk in a satisfied sort of way . Harry stand there , gaze at the miraculous map . he watch the tiny ink Mrs. Norris turn leave and pause to sniff at something on the floor . if Filch really do n't know ... he would n't have to pass the Dementors at all ... but even as he stand there , flood with excitement , something Harry have once hear Mr. Weasley say come float out of his memory . never trust anything that can think for itself , if you ca n't see where it keep its brain . this map be one of those dangerous magical object Mr. Weasley have be warn against ... Aids for Magical Mischief Makers ... but then , Harry reason , he only want to use it to get into Hogsmeade , it be n't as though he want to steal anything or attack anyone ... and Fred and George have be use it for year without anything horrible happening ... Harry trace the secret passage to Honeydukes with his finger . then , quite suddenly , as though follow order , he roll up the map , stuff it inside his robe , and hurry to the door of the classroom . he open it a couple of inch . there be no one outside . very carefully , he edge out of the room and behind the statue of the one-eyed witch . what do he have to do ? he pull out the map again and see to his astonishment , that a new ink figure have appear upon it , label ' Harry Potter ' . this figure be stand exactly where the real Harry be stand , about halfway down the third-floor corridor . Harry watch carefully . his little ink self appear to be tap the witch with his minute wand . Harry quickly take out his real wand and tap the statue . nothing happen . he look back at the map . the tiny speech bubble have appear next to his figure . the word inside say , ' Dissendium . ' " Dissendium ! " Harry whisper , tap the stone witch again . at once , the statue 's hump open wide enough to admit a fairly thin person . Harry glance quickly up and down the corridor , then tuck the map away again , hoist himself into the hole headfirst , and push himself forward . he slide a considerable way down what feel like a stone slide , then land on cold , damp earth . he stand up , look around . it be pitch dark . he hold up his wand , mutter , " Lumos ! " and see that he be in a very narrow , low , earthy passageway . he raise the map , tap it with the tip of his wand , and mutter , " Mischief manage ! " the map go blank at once . he fold it carefully , tuck it inside his robe , then , heart beating fast , both excited and apprehensive , he set off . the passage twist and turn , more like the burrow of a giant rabbit than anything else . Harry hurry along it , stumble now and then on the uneven floor , hold his wand out in front of him . it take age , but Harry have the thought of Honeydukes to sustain him . after what feel like an hour , the passage begin to rise . pant , Harry speed up , his face hot , his foot very cold . ten minute later , he come to the foot of some worn stone step , which rise out of sight above him . careful not to make any noise , Harry begin to climb . a hundred step , two hundred step , he lose count as he climb , watch his foot ... then , without warning , his head hit something hard . it seem to be a trapdoor . Harry stand there , massage the top of his head , listen . he could n't hear any sound above him . very slowly , he push the trapdoor open and peer over the edge . he be in a cellar , which be full of wooden crate and box . Harry climb out of the trapdoor and replace it -- it blend so perfectly with the dusty floor that it be impossible to tell it be there . Harry creep slowly toward the wooden staircase that lead upstairs . now he could definitely hear voice , not to mention the tinkle of a bell and the opening and shut of a door . wonder what he ought to do , he suddenly hear a door open much closer at hand ; somebody be about to come downstairs . " and get another box of Jelly Slugs , dear , they have nearly clean us out - " say a woman 's voice . a pair of foot be come down the staircase . Harry leap behind an enormous crate and wait for the footstep to pass . he hear the man shift box against the opposite wall . he might not get another chance - Quickly and silently , Harry dodge out from his hiding place and climb the stair ; look back , he see an enormous backside and shiny bald head , bury in a box . Harry reach the door at the top of the stair , slip through it , and find himself behind the counter of Honeydukes -- he duck , creep sideways , and then straighten up . Honeydukes be so crowd with Hogwarts student that no one look twice at Harry . he edge among them , look around , and suppress a laugh as he imagine the look that would spread over Dudley 's piggy face if he could see where Harry be now . there be shelf upon shelf of the most succulent-looking sweet imaginable . creamy chunk of nougat , shimmer pink square of coconut ice , fat , honey-colored toffee ; hundred of different kind of chocolate in neat row ; there be a large barrel of Every Flavor Beans , and another of Fizzing Whizbees , the levitate sherbet ball that Ron have mention ; along yet another wall be ' special effect ' -- sweet : Droobles Best Blowing Gum ( which fill a room with bluebell-colored bubble that refuse to pop for day ) , the strange , splintery Toothflossing Stringmints , tiny black Pepper Imps ( ' breathe fire for your friend ! ' ) , Ice Mice ( ' hear your tooth chatter and squeak ! ' ) , peppermint cream shape like toad ( ' hop realistically in the stomach ! ' ) , fragile sugar-spun quill , and explode bonbon . Harry squeeze himself through a crowd of sixth year and see a sign hang in the farthest corner of the shop ( UNUSUAL TASTES ) . Ron and Hermione be stand underneath it , examine a tray of blood-flavored lollipop . Harry sneak up behind them . " Ugh , no , Harry wo n't want one of those , they be for vampire , I expect , " Hermione be say . " how about these ? " say Ron , shove a jar of Cockroach Clusters under Hermione 's nose . " definitely not , " say Harry . Ron nearly drop the jar . " Harry ! " squeal Hermione . " what be you do here ? how -- how do you - ? " " wow ! " say Ron , look very impressed , " you have learn to Apparate ! " " ' Course I have n't , " say Harry . he drop his voice so that none of the sixth year could hear him and tell them all about the Marauder 's Map . " how come Fred and George never give it tome ! " say Ron , outrage . " I be their brother ! " " but Harry be n't go to keep it ! " say Hermione , as though the idea be ludicrous . " he be go to hand it in to Professor McGonagall , be n't you , Harry ? " " no , I be not ! " say Harry . " be you mad ? " say Ron , goggle at Hermione . " hand in something that good ? " " if I hand it in , I will have to say where I get it ! filch would know Fred and George have nick it ! " " but what about Sirius Black ? " Hermione hiss . " he could be use one of the passage on that map to get into the castle ! the teacher have get to know ! " " he ca n't be get in through a passage , " say Harry quickly . " there be seven secret tunnel on the map , right ? Fred and George reckon Filch already know about four of them . and of the other three -- one of them be cave in , so no one can get through it . one of them have get the Whomping Willow plant over the entrance , so you ca n't get out of it . and the one I just come through -- well -- it be really hard to see the entrance to it down in the cellar -- so unless he know it be there - " Harry hesitate . what if Black do know the passage be there ? Ron , however , clear his throat significantly , and point to a notice paste on the inside of the sweetshop door . by Order of the ministry of magic customer be remind that until further notice , Dementors will be patrol the street of Hogsmeade every night after sundown . this measure have be put in place for the safety of Hogsmeade resident and will be lift upon the recapture of Sirius Black . it be therefore advisable that you complete your shopping well before nightfall . Merry Christmas ! " see ? " say Ron quietly . " I will like to see Black try and break into Honeydukes with Dementors swarm all over the village . anyway , Hermione , the Honeydukes owner would hear a breakin , would n't they ? they live over the shop ! " " yes , but -- but - " Heroine seem to be struggle to find another problem . " look , Harry still should n't be come into Hogsmeade . he have n't get a sign form ! if anyone find out , he will be in so much trouble ! and it be not nightfall yet -- what if Sirius Black turn up today ? now ? " " he will have a job spot Harry in this , " say Ron , nod through the mullioned window at the thick , swirling snow . " come on , Hermione , it be Christmas . Harry deserve a break . " Hermione bite her lip , look extremely worried . " be you go to report me ? " Harry ask her , grin . " oh -- of course not -- but honestly , Harry - " " Seen the Fizzing Whizbees , Harry ? " say Ron , grab him and lead him over to their barrel . " and the Jelly Slugs ? and the Acid Pops ? Fred give me one of those when I be seven -- it burn a hole right through my tongue . I remember Mum wallop him with her broomstick . " Ron stare broodingly into the Acid Pop box . " reckon Fred will take a bite of Cockroach Cluster if I tell him they be peanut ? " when Ron and Hermione have pay for all their sweet , the three of them leave Honeydukes for the blizzard outside . Hogsmeade look like a Christmas card ; the little thatch cottage and shop be all cover in a layer of crisp snow ; there be holly wreath on the door and string of enchant candle hang in the tree . Harry shiver ; unlike the other two , he do n't have his cloak . they head up the street , head bow against the wind , Ron and Hermione shout through their scarves . " that be the post office - " " Zonko 's be up there - " " we could go up to the Shrieking Shack - " " tell you what , " say Ron , his tooth chatter , " shall we go for a butterbeer in the three Broomsticks ? " Harry be more than willing ; the wind be fierce and his hand be freeze , so they cross the road , and in a few minute be enter the tiny inn . it be extremely crowded , noisy , warm , and smoky . a curvy sort of woman with a pretty face be serve a bunch of rowdy warlock up at the bar . " that be Madam Rosmerta , " say Ron . " I will get the drink , shall I ? " he add , go slightly red . Harry and Hermione make their way to the back of the room , where there be a small , vacant table between the window and a handsome Christmas tree , which stand next to the fireplace . Ron come back five minute later , carry three foam tankard of hot butterbeer . " Merry Christmas ! " he say happily , raise his tankard . Harry drink deeply . it be the most delicious thing he have ever taste and seem to heat every bit of him from the inside . a sudden breeze ruffle his hair . the door of the three broomstick have open again . Harry look over the rim of his tankard and choke . professor McGonagall and Flitwick have just enter the pub with a flurry of snowflake , shortly follow by Hagrid , who be deep in conversation with a portly man in a lime-green bowler hat and a pinstriped cloak -- Cornelius Fudge , Minister of Magic . in an instant , Ron and Hermione have both place hand on the top of Harry 's head and force him off his stool and under the table . drip with butterbeer and crouch out of sight , Harry clutch his empty tankard and watch the teacher ' and Fudge 's foot move toward the bar , pause , then turn and walk right toward him . somewhere above him , Hermione whisper , " Mobiliarbus ! " the Christmas tree beside their table rise a few inch off the ground , drift sideways , and land with a soft thump right in front of their table , hide them from view . stare through the dense low branch , Harry see four set of chair leg move back from the table right beside theirs , then hear the grunt and sigh of the teacher and minister as they sit down . next he see another pair of foot , wear sparkly turquoise high heel , and hear a woman 's voice . " a small gillywater - " " mine , " say Professor McGonagall 's voice . " four pint of mull mead - " " Ta , Rosmerta , " say Hagrid . " a cherry syrup and soda with ice and umbrella - " " Mmm ! " say Professor Flitwick , smack his lip . " so you will be the red currant rum , Minister . " " thank you , Rosmerta , m'dear , " say Fudge 's voice . " lovely to see you again , I must say . have one yourself , wo n't you ? come and join us ... " " well , thank you very much , Minister . " Harry watch the glitter heel march away and back again . his heart be pound uncomfortably in his throat . why have n't it occur to him that this be the last weekend of term for the teacher too ? and how long be they go to sit there ? he need time to sneak back into Honeydukes if he want to return to school tonight ... Hermione 's leg give a nervous twitch next to him . " so , what bring you to this neck of the wood , Minister ? " come Madam Rosmerta 's voice . Harry see the low part of Fudge 's thick body twist in his chair as though he be check for eavesdropper . then he say in a quiet voice , " what else , m'dear , but Sirius Black ? I daresay you hear what happen up at the school at Halloween ? " " I do hear a rumor , " admit Madam Rosmerta . " do you tell the whole pub , Hagrid ? " say Professor McGonagall exasperatedly . " do you think Black be still in the area , Minister ? " whisper Madam Rosmerta . " I be sure of it , " say Fudge shortly . " you know that the Dementors have search the whole village twice ? " say Madam Rosmerta , a slight edge to her voice . " scare all my customer away ... it be very bad for business , Minister . " " Rosmerta , dear , I do n't like them any more than you do , " say Fudge uncomfortably . " necessary precaution ... unfortunate , but there you be ... I have just meet some of them . they be in a fury against Dumbledore -- he wo n't let them inside the castle ground . " " I should think not , " say Professor McGonagall sharply . " how be we suppose to teach with those horror float around ? " " hear , hear ! " squeak tiny Professor Flitwick , whose foot be dangle a foot from the ground . " all the same , " demur Fudge , " they be here to protect you all from something much bad ... we all know what Black be capable of ... " " do you know , I still have trouble believe it , " say Madam Rosmerta thoughtfully . " of all the people to go over to the Dark Side , Sirius Black be the last I will have think ... I mean , I remember him when he be a boy at Hogwarts . if you have tell me then what he be go to become , I will have say you have have too much mead . " " you do n't know the half of it , Rosmerta , " say Fudge gruffly . " the bad he do be n't widely know . " " the bad ? " say Madam Rosmerta , her voice alive with curiosity . " worse than murder all those poor people , you mean ? " " I certainly do , " say Fudge . " I ca n't believe that . what could possibly be bad ? " " you say you remember him at Hogwarts , Rosmerta , " murmur Professor McGonagall . " do you remember who his good friend be ? " " naturally , " say Madam Rosmerta , with a small laugh . " never see one without the other , do you ? the number of time I have them in here -- ooh , they use to make me laugh . quite the double act , Sirius Black and James Potter ! " Harry drop his tankard with a loud clunk . Ron kick him . " precisely , " say Professor McGonagall . " Black and Potter . ringleader of their little gang . both very bright , of course -- exceptionally bright , in fact -- but I do n't think we have ever have such a pair of troublemaker - " " I dunno , " chuckle Hagrid . " Fred and George Weasley could give ' em a run fer their money . " " you will have think Black and Potter be brother ! " chime in Professor Flitwick . " inseparable ! " " of course they be , " say Fudge . " Potter trust Black beyond all his other friend . nothing change when they leave school . Black be well man when James marry Lily . then they name him godfather to Harry . Harry have no idea , of course . you can imagine how the idea would torment him . " " because Black turn out to be in league with You-Know-Who ? " whisper Madam Rosmerta . " worse even than that , m'dear ... " Fudge drop his voice and proceed in a sort of low rumble . " not many people be aware that the Potters know You-Know-Who be after them . Dumbledore , who be of course work tirelessly against You-Know-Who , have a number of useful spy . one of them tip him off , and he alert James and Lily at once . he advise them to go into hiding . well , of course , You-Know-Who be n't an easy person to hide from . Dumbledore tell them that their good chance be the Fidelius Charm . " " how do that work ? " say Madam Rosmerta , breathless with interest . Professor Flitwick clear his throat . " an immensely complex spell , " he say squeakily , " involve the magical concealment of a secret inside a single , live soul . the information be hide inside the choose person , or SecretKeeper , and be henceforth impossible to find -- unless , of course , the Secret-Keeper choose to divulge it . as long as the Secret-Keeper refuse to speak , You-Know-Who could search the village where Lily and James be stay for year and never find them , not even if he have his nose press against their sit room window ! " " so Black be the Potters ' Secret-Keeper ? " whisper Madam Rosmerta . " naturally , " say Professor McGonagall . " James Potter tell Dumbledore that Black would die rather than tell where they be , that Black be plan to go into hide himself ... and yet , Dumbledore remain worried . I remember him offer to be the Potters ' Secret-Keeper himself . " " he suspect Black ? " gasp Madam Rosmerta . " he be sure that somebody close to the Potters have be keep You-Know-Who inform of their movement , " say Professor McGonagall darkly . " indeed , he have suspect for some time that someone on our side have turn traitor and be pass a lot of information to You-KnowWho . " " but James Potter insist on use Black ? " " he do , " say Fudge heavily . " and then , barely a week after the Fidelius Charm have be perform - " " Black betray them ? " breathe Madam Rosmerta . " he do indeed . Black be tire of his double-agent role , he be ready to declare his support openly for You-Know-Who , and he seem to have plan this for the moment of the Potters ' death . but , as we all know , You-Know-Who meet his downfall in little Harry Potter . power go , horribly weaken , he flee . and this leave black in a very nasty position indeed . his master have fall at the very moment when he , Black , have show his true color as a traitor . he have no choice but to run for it - " " filthy , stinkin ' turncoat ! " Hagrid say , so loudly that half the bar go quiet . " Shh ! " say Professor McGonagall . " I meet him ! " growl Hagrid . " I musta bin the last ter see him before he kill all them people ! it be me what rescue Harry from Lily an ' James 's house after they be kill ! jus ' get him outta the ruin , poor little thing , with a great slash across his forehead , an ' his parent dead ... an ' Sirius Black turn up , on that flyin ' motorbike he use ter ride . never occur ter me what he be doin ' there . I didn ' know he will bin Lily an ' James 's Secret-Keeper . think he have jus ' hear the news o ' You-Know-Who 's attack an ' come ter see what he could do . White an ' shakin ' , he be . an ' yeh know what I do ? I comfort the MURDERIN ' traitor ! " Hagrid roar . " Hagrid , please ! " say Professor McGonagall . " keep your voice down ! " " how be @card@ ter know he wasn ' upset abou ' Lily an ' James ? it be You-Know-Who he care abou ' ! an ' then he say , ' give Harry ter me , Hagrid , I be his godfather , I will look after him - ' Ha ! but I have have me order from Dumbledore , an ' I tell Black no , Dumbledore say Harry be ter go ter his aunt an ' uncle 's . Black argue , but in the end he give in . tell me ter take his motorbike ter get Harry there . ' I wo n't need it anymore , ' he say . " I shoulda know there be somethin ' fishy goin ' on then . he love that motorbike , what be he givin ' it ter me for ? why wouldn ' he need it anymore ? fact be , it be too easy ter trace . Dumbledore know he will bin the Potters ' Secret-Keeper . Black know he be goin ' ter have ter run fer it that night , know it be a matter o ' hour before the Ministry be after him . " but what if I have give Harry to him , eh ? I bet he will have pitch him off the bike halfway out ter sea . his bes ' friend ' son ! but when a wizard go over ter the dark side , there be nothin ' and no one that matter to em anymore ... " a long silence follow Hagrid 's story . then Madam Rosmerta say with some satisfaction , " but he do n't manage to disappear , do he ? the Ministry of Magic catch up with him next day ! " " alas , if only we have , " say Fudge bitterly . " it be not we who find him . it be little Peter Pettigrew -- another of the Potters ' friend . madden by grief , no doubt , and know that Black have be the Potters ' Secret-Keeper , he go after Black himself . " " Pettigrew ... that fat little boy who be always tag around after them at Hogwarts ? " say Madam Rosmerta . " hero -- worship Black and Potter , " say Professor McGonagall . " never quite in their league , talent-wise . I be often rather sharp with him . you can imagine how I -- how I regret that now ... " she sound as though she have a sudden head cold . " there , now , Minerva , " say Fudge kindly , " Pettigrew die a hero 's death . eyewitness -- Muggles , of course , we wipe their memory later -- tell us how Pettigrew cornered Black . they say he be sob , ' Lily and James , Sirius ! how could you ? ' and then he go for his wand . well , of course , Black be quick . Blew Pettigrew to smithereens ... " Professor McGonagall blow her nose and say thickly , " Stupid boy ... foolish boy ... he be always hopeless at dueling ... should have leave it to the Ministry ... " " I tell yeh , if I have get ter black before little Pettigrew do , I would n't have mess around with wand -- I will ' ve rip him limb -- from -- limb , " Hagrid growl . " you do n't know what you be talk about , Hagrid , " say Fudge sharply . " nobody but trained hit wizard from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have stand a chance against Black once he be corner . I be Junior Minister in the Department of Magical Catastrophes at the time , and I be one of the first on the scene after Black murder all those people . I -- I will never forget it . I still dream about it sometimes . a crater in the middle of the street , so deep it have crack the sewer below . body everywhere . Muggles scream . and Black stand there laughing , with what be leave of Pettigrew in front of him ... a heap of bloodstained robe and a few -- a few fragment - " Fudge 's voice stop abruptly . there be the sound of five nose be blow . " well , there you have it , Rosmerta , " say Fudge thickly . " Black be take away by twenty member of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad and Pettigrew receive the order of Merlin , First Class , which I think be some comfort to his poor mother . Black have be in Azkaban ever since . " madam Rosmerta let out a long sigh . " be it true he be mad , Minister ? " " I wish I could say that he be , " say Fudge slowly . " I certainly believe his master 's defeat unhinge him for a while . the murder of Pettigrew and all those Muggles be the action of a cornered and desperate man -- cruel ... pointless . yet I meet Black on my last inspection of Azkaban . you know , most of the prisoner in there sit mutter to themselves in the dark ; there be no sense in them ... but I be shock at how normal Black seem . he speak quite rationally to me . it be unnerve . you will have think he be merely bore -- ask if I will finished with my newspaper , cool as you please , say he miss do the crossword . yes , I be astound at how little effect the Dementors seem to be have on him -- and he be one of the most heavily guard in the place , you know . Dementors outside his door day and night . " " but what do you think he be break out to do ? " say Madam Rosmerta . " good gracious , Minister , he be n't try to rejoin You-Know-Who , be he ? " " I daresay that be his -- er -- eventual plan , " say Fudge evasively . " but we hope to catch Black long before that . I must say , You-Know-Who alone and friendless be one thing ... but give him back his most devoted servant , and I shudder to think how quickly he will rise again ... " there be a small chink of glass on wood . someone have set down their glass . " you know , Cornelius , if you be dine with the headmaster , we will well head back up to the castle , " say Professor McGonagall . one by one , the pair of foot in front of Harry take the weight of their owner once more ; hem of cloak swing into sight , and Madam Rosmerta 's glitter heel disappear behind the bar . the door of the Three Broomsticks open again , there be another flurry of snow , and the teacher have disappear . " Harry ? " Ron 's and Hermione 's face appear under the table . they be both stare at him , lose for word . chapter ELEVEN The Firebolt Harry do n't have a very clear idea of how he have manage to get back into the Honeydukes cellar , through the tunnel , and into the castle once more . all he know be that the return trip seem to take no time at all , and that he hardly notice what he be do , because his head be still pound with the conversation he have just hear . why have nobody ever tell him ? Dumbledore , Hagrid , Mr. Weasley , Cornelius Fudge ... why have n't anyone ever mention the fact that Harry 's parent have die because their good friend have betray them ? Ron and Hermione watch Harry nervously all through dinner , not dare to talk about what they have overhear , because Percy be sit close by them . when they go upstairs to the crowded common room , it be to find Fred and George have set off half a dozen Dungbombs in a fit of end-of-term high spirit . Harry , who do n't want Fred and George ask him whether he have reach Hogsmeade or not , sneak quietly up to the empty dormitory and head straight for his bedside cabinet . he push his book aside and quickly find what he be look for -- the leather-bound photo album Hagrid have give him two year ago , which be full of wizard picture of his mother and father . he sit down on his bed , draw the hanging around him , and start turn the page , search , until ... he stop on a picture of his parent ' wedding day . there be his father wave up at him , beam , the untidy black hair Harry have inherit stand up in all direction . there be his mother , alight with happiness , arm in arm with his dad . and there ... that must be him . their good man ... Harry have never give him a think before . if he have n't know it be the same person , he would never have guess it be Black in this old photograph . his face be n't sunken and waxy , but handsome , full of laughter . have he already be work for Voldemort when this picture have be take ? be he already plan the death of the two people next to him ? do he realize he be face twelve year in Azkaban , twelve year that would make him unrecognizable ? but the Dementors do n't affect him , Harry think , stare into the handsome , laughing face . he do n't have to hear my Mum scream if they get too close - Harry slam the album shut , reach over and stuff it back into his cabinet , take off his robe and glass and get into bed , make sure the hanging be hide him from view . the dormitory door open . " Harry ? " say Ron 's voice uncertainly . but Harry lie still , pretend to be asleep . he hear Ron leave again , and roll over on his back , his eye wide open . a hatred such as he have never know before be course through Harry like poison . he could see Black laugh at him through the darkness , as though somebody have paste the picture from the album over his eye . he watch , as though somebody be play him a piece of film , Sirius Black blast Peter Pettigrew ( who resemble Neville Longbottom ) into a thousand piece . he could hear ( though have no idea what Black 's voice might sound like ) a low , excited mutter . " it have happen , My Lord ... the Potters have make me their Secret-Keeper " and then come another voice , laugh shrilly , the same laugh that Harry hear inside his head whenever the Dementors draw near ... " Harry , you -- you look terrible . " Harry have n't get to sleep until daybreak . he have awake to find the dormitory desert , dress , and go down the spiral staircase to a common room that be completely empty except for Ron , who be eat a Peppermint Toad and massage his stomach , and Hermione , who have spread her homework over three table . " where be everyone ? " say Harry . " go ! it be the first day of the holiday , remember ? " say Ron , watch Harry closely . " it be nearly lunchtime ; I be go to come and wake you up in a minute . " Harry slump into a chair next to the fire . snow be still fall outside the window . Crookshanks be spread out in front of the fire like a large , ginger rug . " you really do n't look well , you know , " Hermione say , peer anxiously into his face . " I be fine , " say Harry . " Harry , listen , " say Hermione , exchange a look with Ron , " you must be really upset about what we hear yesterday . but the thing be , you must n't go do anything stupid . " " like what ? " say Harry . " like try to go after Black , " say Ron sharply . Harry could tell they have rehearse this conversation while he have be asleep . he do n't say anything . " you wo n't , will you , Harry ? " say Hermione . " because Black 's not worth die for , " say Ron . Harry look at them . they do n't seem to understand at all . " D'you know what I see and hear every time a Dementor get too near me ? " Ron and Hermione shake their head , look apprehensive . " I can hear my mum scream and plead with Voldemort . and if you have hear your mum scream like that , just about to be kill , you would n't forget it in a hurry . and if you find out someone who be suppose to be a friend of hers betray her and send Voldemort after her - " " there be nothing you can do ! " say Hermione , look strike . " the Dementors will catch Black and he will go back to Azkaban and -- and serve him right ! " " you hear what Fudge say . Black be n't affect by Azkaban like normal people be . it be not a punishment for him like it be for the other . " " so what be you say ? " say Ron , look very tense . " you want to -- to kill Black or something ? " " do n't be silly , " say Hermione in a panicky voice . " Harry do n't want to kill anyone , do you , Harry ? " again , Harry do n't answer . he do n't know what he want to do . all he know be that the idea of do nothing , while Black be at liberty , be almost more than he could stand . " Malfoy know , " he say abruptly . " remember what he say to me in potion ? ' if it be me , I will hunt him down myself ... I will want revenge . ' " " you be go to take Malfoy 's advice instead of ours ? " say Ron furiously . " listen ... you know what Pettigrew 's mother get back after Black have finish with him ? Dad tell me -- the order of Merlin , First Class , and Pettigrew 's finger in a box . that be the big bit of him they could find . Black be a madman , Harry , and he be dangerous - " " Malfoy 's dad must have tell him , " say Harry , ignore Ron . " he be right in Voldemort 's inner circle - " " Say You-Know-Who , will you ? " interject Ron angrily . " - so obviously , the Malfoys know Black be work for Voldemort - " " - and Malfoy will love to see you blow into about a million piece , like Pettigrew ! get a grip . Malfoy be just hope you will get yourself kill before he have to play you at Quidditch . " " Harry , please , " say Hermione , her eye now shine with tear , " Please be sensible . Black do a terrible , terrible thing , but d-do n't put yourself in danger , it be what Black want ... oh , Harry , you will be play right into Black 's hand if you go look for him . your mum and dad would n't want you to get hurt , would they ? they will never want you to go look for Black ! " " I will never know what they will have want , because thanks to Black , I have never speak to them , " say Harry shortly . there be a silence in which Crookshanks stretch luxuriously flex his claw . Ron 's pocket quiver . " look , " say Ron , obviously cast around for a change of subject , " it be the holiday ! it be nearly Christmas ! let be -- let be go down and see Hagrid . we have n't visit him for age ! " " no ! " say Hermione quickly . " Harry be n't suppose to leave the castle , Ron - " " Yeah , let be go , " say Harry , sit up , " and I can ask him how come he never mention Black when he tell me all about my parent ! " further discussion of Sirius Black plainly be n't what Ron have have in mind . " or we could have a game of chess , " he say hastily , " or Gobstones . Percy leave a set - " " no , let 's visit Hagrid , " say Harry firmly . so they get their cloak from their dormitory and set off through the portrait hole ( " stand and fight , you yellow-bellied mongrel ! " ) , down through the empty castle and out through the oak front door . they make their way slowly down the lawn , make a shallow trench in the glitter , powdery snow , their sock and the hem of their cloak soak and freezing . the Forbidden Forest look as though it have be enchant , each tree smatter with silver , and Hagrid 's cabin look like an iced cake . Ron knock , but there be no answer . " he be not out , be he ? " say Hermione , who be shiver under her cloak . Ron have his ear to the door . " there be a weird noise , " he say . " listen -- be that Fang ? " Harry and Hermione put their ear to the door too . from inside the cabin come a series of low , throb moan . " think we will well go and get someone ? " say Ron nervously . " Hagrid ! " call Harry , thump the door . " Hagrid , be you in there ? " there be a sound of heavy footstep , then the door creak open . Hagrid stand there with his eye red and swollen , tear splash down the front of his leather vest . " you have hear ? " he bellow , and he fling himself onto Harry 's neck . Hagrid be at least twice the size of a normal man , this be no laughing matter . Harry , about to collapse under Hagrid 's weight , be rescue by Ron and Hermione , who each seize Hagrid under an arm and heave him back into the cabin . Hagrid allow himself to be steer into a chair and slump over the table , sob uncontrollably , his face glaze with tear that drip down into his tangled beard . " Hagrid , what be it ? " say Hermione , aghast . Harry spot an official-looking letter lie open on the table . " what be this , Hagrid ? " Hagrid 's sob redouble , but he shove the letter toward Harry , who pick it up and read aloud : Dear Mr. Hagrid , Further to our inquiry into the attack by a Hippogriff on a student in your class , we have accept the assurance of Professor Dumbledore that you bear no responsibility for the regrettable incident . " well , that be okay then , Hagrid ! " say Ron , clap Hagrid on the shoulder . but Hagrid continue to sob , and wave one of his gigantic hand , invite Harry to read on . however , we must register our concern about the Hippogriff in question . we have decide to uphold the official complaint of Mr. Lucius Malfoy , and this matter will therefore be take to the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous creature . the hearing will take place on April 20th , and we ask you to present yourself and your hippogriff at the Committee 's office in London on that date . in the meantime , the Hippogriff should be keep tether and isolate . yours in fellowship ... there follow a list of the school governor . " oh , " say Ron . " but you say Buckbeak be n't a bad Hippogriff , Hagrid . I bet he will get off . " " Yeh don ' know them gargoyle at the Committee fer the Disposal o ' dangerous creature ! " choke Hagrid , wipe his eye on his sleeve . " they have get it in fer interestin ' creature ! " a sudden sound from the corner of Hagrid 's cabin make Harry , Ron , and Hermione whip around . Buckbeak the Hippogriff be lie in the corner , chomp on something that be ooze blood all over the floor . " I couldn ' leave him tie up out there in the snow ! " choke Hagrid . " all on his own ! at Christmas . " Harry , Ron , and Hermione look at one another . they have never see eye to eye with Hagrid about what he call ' interesting creature ' and other people call ' terrify monster . ' on the other hand , there do n't seem to be any particular harm in Buckbeak . in fact , by Hagrid 's usual standard , he be positively cute . " you will have to put up a good strong defense , Hagrid , " say Hermione , sit down and lay a hand on Hagrid 's massive forearm . " I be sure you can prove Buckbeak be safe . " " win ' make no diff'rence ! " sob Hagrid . " them Disposal devil , they be all in Lucius Malfoy 's pocket ! scared o ' him ! ad if I lose the case , Buckbeak - " Hagrid draw his finger swiftly across his throat , then give a great wail and lurch forward , his face in his arm . " what about Dumbledore , Hagrid ? " say Harry . " he be do more'n enough fer me already , " groan Hagrid . " get enough on his plate what with keepin ' them Dementors outta the castle , an ' Sirius Black lurkin ' around . " Ron and Hermione look quickly at Harry , as though expect him to start berate Hagrid for not tell him the truth about Black . but Harry could n't bring himself to do it , not now that he see Hagrid so miserable and scared . " listen , Hagrid , " he say , " you ca n't give up . Hermione 's right , you just need a good defense . you can call us as witness - " " I be sure I have read about a case of Hippogriff-baiting , " say Hermione thoughtfully , " where the Hippogriff get off . I will look it up for you , Hagrid , and see exactly what happen . " Hagrid howl still more loudly . Harry and Hermione look at Ron to help them . " er -- shall I make a cup of tea ? " say Ron . Harry stare at him . " it be what my mum do whenever someone be upset , " Ron mutter , shrug . at last , after many more assurance of help , with a steam mug of tea in front of him , Hagrid blow his nose on a handkerchief the size of a tablecloth and say , " Yer right . I can ' afford to go ter piece . Gotta pull meself together ... " Fang the boarhound come timidly out from under the table and lay his head on Hagrid 's knee . " I have not bin meself lately , " say Hagrid , stroke Fang with one hand and mop his face with the other . " worry abou ' Buckbeak , an ' no one likin ' me class - " " we do like them ! " lie Hermione at once . " yeah , they be great ! " say Ron , cross his finger under the table . " er -- how be the flobberworms ? " " dead , " say Hagrid gloomily . " too much lettuce . " " oh no ! " say Ron , his lip twitch . " an ' them Dementors make me feel ruddy terrible an ' all , " say Hagrid , with a sudden shudder . " Gotta walk past ' em ev'ry time I want a drink in the three Broomsticks . ' S like Bein ' back in Azkaban - " he fall silent , gulp his tea . Harry , Ron , and Hermione watch him breathlessly . they have never hear Hagrid talk about his brief spell in Azkaban before . after a pause , Hermione say timidly , " be it awful in there , Hagrid ? " " Yeh have no idea , " say Hagrid quietly . " never bin anywhere like it . think I be goin ' mad . kep ' goin ' over horrible stuff in me mind ... the day I get expel from Hogwarts ... day me dad die ... day I have ter let Norbert go ... " his eye fill with tear . Norbert be the baby dragon Hagrid have once win in a game of card . " Yeh can ' really remember who yeh be after a while . an ' yeh can ' really see the point o ' livin ' at all . I use ter hope I have jus ' die in me sleep . when they let me out , it be like bein ' bear again , ev'rythin ' come floodin ' back , it be the bes ' feelin ' in the world . mind , the Dementors be n't keen on lettin ' me go . " " but you be innocent ! " say Hermione . Hagrid snort . " think that matter to them ? they don ' care . long as they have get a couple o ' hundred human stick there with ' em , so they can leech all the happiness out of ' em , they don ' give a damn who be guilty an ' who be not . " Hagrid go quiet for a moment , stare into his tea . then he say quietly , " Thought o ' jus ' let Buckbeak go ... tryin ' ter make him fly away ... but how d'yeh explain ter a Hippogriff it have gotta go inter hidin ' ? an ' -- an ' I be scared o ' breakin ' the law ... " he look up at them , tear leak down his face again . " I don ' ever want ter go back ter Azkaban . " the trip to Hagrid 's , though far from fun , have nevertheless have the effect Ron and Hermione have hope . though Harry have by no mean forget about Black , he could n't brood constantly on revenge if he want to help Hagrid win his case against the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous creature . he , Ron , and Hermione go to the library the next day and return to the empty common room lade with book that might help prepare a defense for Buckbeak . the three of them sit in front of the roar fire , slowly turn the page of dusty volume about famous case of maraud beast , speak occasionally when they run across something relevant . " here be something ... there be a case in @card@ ... but the Hippogriff be convict -- ugh , look what they do to it , that be disgust - " " this might help , look -- a Manticore savage someone in @card@ , and they let the Manticore off -- oh -- no , that be only because everyone be too scare to go near it ... " meanwhile , in the rest of the castle , the usual magnificent Christmas decoration have be put up , despite the fact that hardly any of the student remain to enjoy them . thick streamer of holly and mistletoe be string along the corridor , mysterious light shine from inside every suit of armor , and the Great Hall be fill with its usual twelve Christmas tree , glitter with golden star . a powerful and delicious smell of cooking pervade the corridor , and by Christmas Eve , it have grow so strong that even Scabbers poke his nose out of the shelter of Ron 's pocket to sniff hopefully at the air . on Christmas morning , Harry be wake by Ron throw his pillow at him . " Oy ! present ! " Harry reach for his glass and put them on , squint through the semi-darkness to the foot of his bed , where a small heap of parcel have appear . Ron be already rip the paper off his own present . " another sweater from Mum ... maroon again ... see if you have get one . " Harry have . Mrs. Weasley have send him a scarlet sweater with the Gryffindor lion knit on the front , also a dozen home-baked mince pie , some Christmas cake , and a box of nut brittle . as he move all these thing aside , he see a long , thin package lie underneath . " what be that ? " say Ron , look over , a freshly unwrap pair of maroon sock in his hand . " dunno ... " Harry rip the parcel open and gasp as a magnificent , gleam broomstick roll out onto his bedspread . Ron drop his sock and jump off his bed for a close look . " I do n't believe it , " he say hoarsely . it be a Firebolt , identical to the dream broom Harry have go to see every day in Diagon Alley . its handle glitteredas he pick it up . he could feel it vibrate and let go ; it hang in midair , unsupported , at exactly the right height for him to mount it . his eye move from the golden registration number at the top of the handle , right down to the perfectly smooth , streamlined birch twig that make up the tail . " who send it to you ? " say Ron in a hush voice . " look and see if there be a card , " say Harry . Ron rip apart the Firebolt 's wrapping . " nothing ! Blimey , who will spend that much on you ? " " well , " say Harry , feeling stun , " I be bet it be n't the Dursley . " " I bet it be Dumbledore , " say Ron , now walk around and around the Firebolt , take in every glorious inch . " he send you the Invisibility Cloak anonymously ... " " that be my dad be , though , " say Harry . " Dumbledore be just pass it on to me . he would n't spend hundred of Galleons on me . he ca n't go give student stuff like this - " " that be why he would n't say it be from him ! " say Ron . " in case some git like Malfoy say it be favoritism . hey , Harry - " Ron give a great whoop of laughter -- " Malfoy ! Wait ' til he see you on this ! he will be sick as a pig ! this be an international standard broom , this be ! " " I ca n't believe this , " Harry mutter , run a hand along the Firebolt , while Ron sink onto Harry 's bed , laugh his head off at the thought of Malfoy . " who - ? " " I know , " say Ron , control himself , " I know who it could have be -- Lupin ! " " what ? " say Harry , now start to laugh himself " Lupin ? listen , if he have this much gold , he will be able to buy himself some new robe . " " yeah , but he like you , " say Ron . " and he be away when your nimbus get smash , and he might have hear about it and decide to visit Diagon Alley and get this for you - " " what d'you mean , he be away ? " say Harry . " he be ill when I be play in that match . " " well , he be n't in the hospital wing , " say Ron . " I be there , clean out the bedpan on that detention from Snape , remember ? " Harry frown at Ron . " I ca n't see Lupin afford something like this . " " what be you two laugh about ? " Hermione have just come in , wear her dress gown and carry Crookshanks , who be look very grumpy , with a string of tinsel tie around his neck . " do n't bring him in here ! " say Ron , hurriedly snatch Scabbers from the depth of his bed and stow him in his pajama pocket . but Hermione be n't listen . she drop Crookshanks onto Seamus 's empty bed and stare , open-mouthed , at the Firebolt . " oh , Harry ! who send you that ? " " no idea , " say Harry . " there be n't a card or anything with it . " to his great surprise , Hermione do not appear either excite or intrigue by the news . on the contrary , her face fall , and she bite her lip . " what be the matter with you ? " say Ron . " I do n't know , " say Hermione slowly , " but it be a bit odd , be n't it ? I mean , this be suppose to be quite a good broom , be n't it ? " Ron sigh exasperatedly . " it be the good broom there be , Hermione , " he say . " so it must have be really expensive ... " " probably cost more than all the Slytherins ' broom put together , " say Ron happily . " well ... who will send Harry something as expensive as that , and not even tell him they have send it ? " say Hermione . " who care ? " say Ron impatiently . " listen , Harry , can I have a go on it ? can I ? " " I do n't think anyone should ride that broom just yet ! " say Hermione shrilly . Harry and Ron look at her . " what d'you think Harry be go to do with it -- sweep the floor ? " say Ron . but before Hermione could answer , Crookshanks spring from Seamus 's bed , right at Ron 's chest . " get -- HIM -- Out -- of -- here ! " Ron bellow as Crookshanks 's claw rip his pajamas and Scabbers attempt a wild escape over his shoulder . Ron seize Scabbers by the tail and aim a misjudge kick at Crookshanks that hit the trunk at the end of Harry 's bed , knock it over and cause Ron to hop up and down , howl with pain . Crookshanks 's fur suddenly stand on end . a shrill , tinny , whistling be fill the room . the Pocket Sneakoscope have become dislodge from Uncle Vernon 's old sock and be whirl and gleam on the floor . " I forget about that ! " Harry say , bend down and pick up the Sneakoscope . " I never wear those sock if I can help it ... " the Sneakoscope whirl and whistle in his palm . Crookshanks be hiss and spit at it . " you will well take that cat out of here , Hermione , " say Ron furiously , sit on Harry 's bed nurse his toe . " can n't you shut that thing up ? " he add to Harry as Hermione stride out of the room , Crookshanks 's yellow eye still fix maliciously on Ron . Harry stuff the Sneakoscope back inside the sock and throw it back into his trunk . all that could be hear now be Ron 's stifle moan of pain and rage . Scabbers be huddle in Ron 's hand . it have be a while since Harry have see him out of Ron 's pocket , and he be unpleasantly surprise to see that Scabbers , once so fat , be now very skinny ; patch of fur seem to have fall out too . " he be not look too good , be he ? " Harry say . " it be stress ! " say Ron . " he will be fine if that big stupid furball leave him alone ! " but Harry , remember what the woman at the Magical Menagerie have say about rat live only three year , could n't help feel that unless Scabbers have power he have never reveal , he be reach the end of his life . and despite Ron 's frequent complaint that Scabbers be both boring and useless , he be sure Ron would be very miserable if Scabbers die . Christmas spirit be definitely thin on the ground in the Gryffindor common room that morning . Hermione have shut Crookshanks in her dormitory , but be furious with Ron for try to kick him ; Ron be still fume about Crookshanks 's fresh attempt to eat Scabbers . Harry give up try to make them talk to each other and devote himself to examine the Firebolt , which he have bring down to the common room with him . for some reason this seem to annoy Hermione as well ; she do n't say anything , but she keep look darkly at the broom as though it too have be criticize her cat . at lunchtime they go down to the Great Hall , to find that the House table have be move against the wall again , and that a single table , set for twelve , stand in the middle of the room . professor Dumbledore , McGonagall , Snape , Sprout , and Flitwick be there , along with Filch , the caretaker , who have take off his usual brown coat and be wear a very old and rather moldy-looking tailcoat . there be only three other student , two extremely nervous-looking first year and a sullen-faced Slytherin fifth year . " Merry Christmas ! " say Dumbledore as Harry , Ron , and Hermione approach the table . " as there be so few of us , it seem foolish to use the House table ... sit down , sit down ! " Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit down side by side at the end of the table . " cracker ! " say Dumbledore enthusiastically , offer the end of a large silver noisemaker to Snape , who take it reluctantly and tug . with a bang like a gunshot , the cracker fly apart to reveal a large , pointed witch hat top with a stuffed vulture . Harry , remember the Boggart , catch Ron 's eye and they both grin ; Snape 's mouth thin and he push the hat toward Dumbledore , who swap it for his wizard 's hat at once . " dig in ! " he advise the table , beam around . as Harry be help himself to roast potato , the door of the Great Hall open again . it be Professor Trelawney , glide toward them as though on wheel . she have put on a green sequined dress in honor of the occasion , make her look more than ever like a glitter , oversized dragonfly . " Sybill , this be a pleasant surprise ! " say Dumbledore , stand up . " I have be crystal gaze , Headmaster , " say Professor Trelawney in her misty , most faraway voice , " and to my astonishment , I see myself abandon my solitary luncheon and come to join you . who be I to refuse the prompting of fate ? I at once hasten from my tower , and I do beg you to forgive my lateness ... " " certainly , certainly , " say Dumbledore , his eye twinkling . " let me draw you up a chair - " and he do indeed draw a chair in midair with his wand , which revolve for a few second before fall with a thud between Professors Snape and McGonagall . Professor Trelawney , however , do not sit down ; her enormous eye have be rove around the table , and she suddenly utter a kind of soft scream . " I dare not , Headmaster ! if I join the table , we shall be thirteen ! nothing could be more unlucky ! never forget that when thirteen dine together , the first to rise will be the first to die ! " " we will risk it , Sybill , " say Professor McGonagall impatiently . " do sit down , the turkey 's get stone cold . " Professor Trelawney hesitate , then lower herself into the empty chair , eye shut and mouth clench tight , as though expect a thunderbolt to hit the table . Professor McGonagall poke a large spoon into the near tureen . " tripe , Sybill ? " Professor Trelawney ignore her . eye open again , she look around once more and say , " but where be dear Professor Lupin ? " " I be afraid the poor fellow be ill again , " say Dumbledore , indicate that everybody should start serve themselves . " most unfortunate that it should happen on Christmas Day . " " but surely you already know that , Sybill ? " say Professor McGonagall , her eyebrow raise . Professor Trelawney give Professor McGonagall a very cold look . " certainly I know , Minerva , " she say quietly . " but one do not parade the fact that one be AllKnowing . I frequently act as though I be not possess of the Inner Eye , so as not to make other nervous . " " that explain a great deal , " say Professor McGonagall tartly . Professor Trelawney 's voice suddenly become a good deal less misty . " if you must know , Minerva , I have see that poor Professor Lupin will not be with us for very long . he seem aware , himself , that his time be short . he positively flee when I offer to crystal gaze for him - " " Imagine that , " say Professor McGonagall dryly . " I doubt , " say Dumbledore , in a cheerful but slightly raise voice , which put an end to Professor McGonagall and Professor Trelawney 's conversation , " that Professor Lupin be in any immediate danger . Severus , you have make the potion for him again ? " " yes , Headmaster , " say Snape . " good , " say Dumbledore . " then he should be up and about in no time ... Derek , have you have any of the chipolata ? they be excellent . " the first-year boy go furiously red on be address directly by Dumbledore , and take the platter of sausage with tremble hand . Professor Trelawney behave almost normally until the very end of Christmas dinner , two hour later . full to burst with Christmas dinner and still wear their cracker hat , Harry and Ron get up first from the table and she shriek loudly . " my dear ! which of you leave his seat first ? which ? " " dunno , " say Ron , look uneasily at Harry . " I doubt it will make much difference , " say Professor McGonagall coldly , " unless a mad axeman be wait outside the door to slaughter the first into the Entrance Hall . " even Ron laugh . Professor Trelawney look highly affront . " come ? " Harry say to Hermione . " no , " Hermione mutter . " I want a quick word with Professor McGonagall . " " probably try to see if she can take any more class , " yawn Ron as they make their way into the Entrance Hall , which be completely devoid of mad axe-men . when they reach the portrait hole they find Sir Cadogan enjoy a Christmas part with a couple of monk , several previous headmaster of Hogwarts and his fat pony . he push up his visor toast them with a flagon of mead . " Merry -- hic -- Christmas ! password ? " " scurvy cur , " say Ron . " and the same to you , sir ! " roar Sir Cadogan , as the painting swing forward to admit them . Harry go straight up to the dormitory , collect his Firebolt and the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione have give him for his birthday , bring them downstairs and try to find something to do with the Firebolt ; however , there where no bent twig to clip , and the handle be so shiny already it seem pointless to polish it . he and Ron simply sit admire it from every angle , until the portrait hole open , and Hermione come in , accompany by Professor McGonagall . though Professor McGonagall be Head of Gryffindor House , Harry have only see her in the common room once before , and that have be to make a very grave announcement . he and Ron stare at her , both hold the Firebolt . Hermione walk around them , sit down , pick up the near book and hide her face behind it . " so that be it , be it ? " say Professor McGonagall beadily , walk over to the fireside and stare at the Firebolt . " Miss Granger have just inform me that you have be send a broomstick , Potter . " Harry and Ron look around at Hermione . they could see her forehead redden over the top of her book , which be upside-down . " may I ? " say Professor McGonagall , but she do n't wait for an answer before pull the Firebolt out of their hand . she examine it carefully from handle to twig-ends . " hmm . and there be no note at all , Potter ? no card ? no message of any kind ? " " no , " say Harry blankly . " I see ... " say Professor McGonagall . " well , I be afraid I will have to take this , Potter . " " W -- what ? " say Harry , scramble to his foot . " why ? " " it will need to be check for jinx , " say Professor McGonagall . " of course , I be no expert , but I daresay Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it down - " " Strip it down ? " repeat Ron , as though Professor McGonagall be mad . " it should n't take more than a few week , " say Professor McGonagall . " you will have it back if we be sure it be jinx-free . " " there be nothing wrong with it ! " say Harry , his voice shake slightly . " honestly , Professor - " " you ca n't know that , Potter , " say Professor McGonagall , quite kindly , " not until you have flow it , at any rate , and I be afraid that be out of the question until we be certain that it have not be tamper with . I shall keep you inform . " Professor McGonagall turn on her heel and carry the Firebolt out of the portrait hole , which close behind her . Harry stand stare after her , the tin of High-Finish Polish still clutch in his hand . Ron , however , round on Hermione . " what do you go run to McGonagall for ? " Hermione throw her book aside . she be still pink in the face , but stand up and face Ron defiantly . " because I think -- and Professor McGonagall agree with me -- that that broom be probably send to Harry by Sirius Black ! " chapter Twelve The Patronus Harry know that Hermione have mean well , but that do n't stop him from be angry with her . he have be the owner of the good broom in the world for a few short hour , and now , because of her interference , he do n't know whether he would ever see it again . he be positive that there be nothing wrong with the Firebolt now , but what sort of state would it be in once it have be subject to all sort of anti-jinx test ? Ron be furious with Hermione too . as far as he be concern , the stripping-down of a brandnew Firebolt be nothing less than criminal damage . Hermione , who remain convinced that she have act for the good , start avoid the common room . Harry and Ron suppose she have take refuge in the library and do n't try to persuade her to come back . all in all , they be glad when the rest of the school return shortly after New Year , and Gryffindor Tower become crowded and noisy again . Wood seek Harry out on the night before term start . " have a good Christmas ? " he say , and then , without wait for an answer , he sit down , lower his voice , and say , " I have be , do some thinking over Christmas , Harry . after last match , you know . if the Dementors come to the next one ... I mean ... we ca n't afford you to -- well - " Wood break off , look awkward . " I be work on it , " say Harry quickly . " Professor Lupin say he will train me to ward off the Dementors . we should be start this week . he say he will have time after Christmas . " " ah , " say Wood , his expression clearing . " well , in that case -- I really do n't want to lose you as Seeker , Harry . and have you order a new broom yet ? " " no , " say Harry . " what ! you will well get a move on , you know -- you ca n't ride that Shooting Star against Ravenclaw ! " " he get a Firebolt for Christmas , " say Ron . " a Firebolt ? no ! seriously ? a -- a real Firebolt ? " " do n't get excite , Oliver , " say Harry gloomily . " I have n't get it anymore . it be confiscate . " and he explain all about how the Firebolt be now be check for jinx . " jinx ? how could it be jinx ? " " Sirius Black , " Harry say wearily . " he be suppose to be after me . so McGonagall reckon he might have send it . " wave aside the information that a famous murderer be after his Seeker , Wood say , " but Black could n't have buy a Firebolt ! he be on the run ! the whole country be on the lookout for him ! how could he just walk into Quality Quidditch Supplies and buy a broomstick ? " " I know , " say Harry , " but McGonagall still want to strip it down - " Wood go pale . " I will go and talk to her , Harry , " he promise . " I will make her see reason ... A Firebolt ... a real Firebolt , on our team ... she want Gryffindor to win as much as we do ... I will make her see sense . a Firebolt ... " Classes start again the next day . the last thing anyone feel like do be spend two hour on the ground on a raw January morning , but Hagrid have provide a bonfire full of salamander for their enjoyment , and they spend an unusually good lesson collect dry wood and leave to keep the fire blaze while the flame-loving lizard scamper up and down the crumble , white-hot log . the first divination lesson of the new term be much less fun ; Professor Trelawney be now teach them palmistry , and she lose no time in inform Harry that he have the short life line she have ever see . it be defense against the dark art that Harry be keen to get to ; after his conversation with Wood , he want to get start on his anti-Dementor lesson as soon as possible . " ah yes , " say Lupin , when Harry remind him of his promise at the end of class . " let me see ... how about eight o'clock on Thursday evening ? the history of Magic classroom should be large enough ... I will have to think carefully about how we be go to do this ... we ca n't bring a real Dementor into the castle to practice on ... " " still look ill , do n't he ? " say Ron as they walk down the corridor , head to dinner . " what d'you reckon be the matter with him ? " there be a loud and impatient " tuh " from behind them . it be Hermione , who have be sit at the foot of a suit of armor , repacking her bag , which be so full of book it would n't close . " and what be you tut at us for ? " say Ron irritably . " nothing , " say Hermione in a lofty voice , heave her bag back over her shoulder . " yes , you be , " say Ron . " I say I wonder what be wrong with Lupin , and you - " " well , be n't it obvious ? " say Hermione , with a look of maddening superiority . " if you do n't want to tell us , do n't , " snap Ron . " fine , " say Hermione haughtily , and she march off . " she do n't know , " say Ron , stare resentfully after Hermione . " she be just try to get us to talk to her again . " at eight o'clock on Thursday evening , Harry leave Gryffindor Tower for the history of Magic classroom . it be dark and empty when he arrive , but he light the lamp with his wand and have wait only five minute when Professor Lupin turn up , carry a large packing case , which he heave onto Professor Binn 's desk . " what be that ? " say Harry . " another Boggart , " say Lupin , strip off his cloak . " I have be comb the castle ever since Tuesday , and very luckily , I find this one lurk inside Mr. Filch 's filing cabinet . it be the near we will get to a real Dementor . the Boggart will turn into a Dementor when he see you , so we will be able to practice on him . I can store him in my office when we be not use him ; there be a cupboard under my desk he will like . " " okay , " say Harry , try to sound as though he be n't apprehensive at all and merely glad that Lupin have find such a good substitute for a real Dementor . " so ... " Professor Lupin have take out his own wand , and indicate that Harry should do the same . " the spell I be go to try and teach you be highly advanced magic , Harry -- well beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level . it be call the Patronus Charm . " " how do it work ? " say Harry nervously . " well , when it work correctly , it conjure up a Patronus , " say Lupin , " which be a kind of antiDementor -- a guardian that act as a shield between you and the Dementor . " Harry have a sudden vision of himself crouch behind a Hagrid-sized figure hold a large club . Professor Lupin continue , " the Patronus be a kind of positive force , a projection of the very thing that the Dementor feed upon -- hope , happiness , the desire to survive -- but it can feel despair , as real human can , so the Dementors ca n't hurt it . but I must warn you , Harry , that the charm might be too advanced for you . many qualified wizard have difficulty with it . " " what do a Patronus look like ? " say Harry curiously . " each one be unique to the wizard who conjure it . " " and how do you conjure it ? " " with an incantation , which will work only if you be concentrate , with all your might , on a single , very happy memory . " Harry cast his mind about for a happy memory . certainly , nothing that have happen to him at the Dursley ' be go to do . finally , he settle on the moment when he have first ride a broomstick . " right , " he say , try to recall as exactly as possible the wonderful , soar sensation of his stomach . " the incantation be this - " Lupin clear his throat . " Expecto patronum ! " " Expecto patronum , " Harry repeat under his breath , " expecto patronum . " " concentrate hard on your happy memory ? " " oh -- yeah - " say Harry , quickly force his thought back to that first broom ride . " Expecto patrono -- no , patronum -- sorry -- expecto patronum , expecto patronum " something whoosh suddenly out of the end of his wand ; it look like a wisp of silvery gas . " do you see that ? " say Harry excitedly . " something happen ! " " very good , " say Lupin , smile . " right , then -- ready to try it on a Dementor ? " " yes , " Harry say , grip his wand very tightly , and move into the middle of the desert classroom . he try to keep his mind on fly , but something else keep intrude ... any second now , he might hear his mother again ... but he should n't think that , or he would hear her again , and he do n't want to ... or do he ? lupin grasp the lid of the packing case and pull . a Dementor rise slowly from the box , its hooded face turn toward Harry , one glisten , scab hand grip its cloak . the lamp around the classroom flicker and go out . the Dementor step from the box and start to sweep silently toward Harry , draw a deep , rattle breath . a wave of piercing cold break over him - " Expecto patronum ! " Harry yell . " Expecto patronum ! Expecto - " but the classroom and the Dementor be dissolve ... Harry be fall again through thick white fog , and his mother 's voice be loud than ever , echo inside his head -- " not Harry ! not Harry ! please -- I will do anything - " " stand aside -- stand aside , girl - " " Harry ! " Harry jerk back to life . he be lie flat on his back on the floor . the classroom lamp be alight again . he do n't have to ask what have happen . " sorry , " he mutter , sit up and feel cold sweat trickle down behind his glass . " be you all right ? " say Lupin . " yes ... " Harry pull himself up on one of the desk and lean against it . " here - " Lupin hand him a Chocolate Frog . " eat this before we try again . I do n't expect you to do it your first time ; in fact , I would have be astound if you have . " " it be get bad , " Harry mutter , bite off the Frog 's head . " I could hear her louder that time -- and him -- Voldemort - " Lupin look pale than usual . " Harry , if you do n't want to continue , I will more than understand - " " I do ! " say Harry fiercely , stuff the rest of the Chocolate Frog into his mouth . " I have get to ! what if the Dementors turn up at our match against Ravenclaw ? I ca n't afford to fall off again . if we lose this game we have lose the Quidditch Cup ! " " all right then ... " say Lupin . " you might want to select another memory , a happy memory , I mean , to concentrate on ... that one do n't seem to have be strong enough ... " Harry think hard and decide his feeling when Gryffindor have win the House Championship last year have definitely qualify as very happy . he grip his wand tightly again and take up his position in the middle of the classroom . " ready ? " say Lupin , grip the box lid . " ready , " say Harry ; try hard to fill his head with happy thought about Gryffindor win , and not dark thought about what be go to happen when the box open . " go ! " say Lupin , pull off the lid . the room go icily cold and dark once more . the Dementor glide forward , draw its breath ; one rot hand be extend toward Harry - " Expecto patronum ! " Harry yell . " Expecto patronum ! Expecto Pat - " White fog obscure his sense ... big , blur shape be move around him ... then come a new voice , a man 's voice , shout , panick - " Lily , take Harry and go ! it be him ! go ! run ! I will hold him off - " the sound of someone stumble from a room -- a door burst open -- a cackle of high- pitched laughter - " Harry ! Harry ... wake up ... " Lupin be tap Harry hard on the face . this time it be a minute before Harry understand why he be lie on a dusty classroom floor . " I hear my dad , " Harry mumble . " that be the first time I have ever hear him -- he try to take on Voldemort himself , to give my mum time to run for it ... " Harry suddenly realize that there be tear on his face mingle with the sweat . he bend his face as low as possible , wipe them off on his robe , pretend to do up his shoelace , so that Lupin would n't see . " you hear James ? " say Lupin in a strange voice . " yeah ... " Face dry , Harry look up . " why -- you do n't know my dad , do you ? " " I -- I do , as a matter of fact , " say Lupin . " we be friend at Hogwarts . listen , Harry -- perhaps we should leave it here for tonight . this charm be ridiculously advanced ... I should n't have suggest put you through this ... " " no ! " say Harry . he get up again . " I will have one more go ! I be not think of happy enough thing , that be what it be ... hang on ... " he rack his brain . a really , really happy memory ... one that he could turn into a good , strong Patronus ... the moment when he have first find out he be a wizard , and would be leave the Dursley for Hogwarts ! if that be n't a happy memory , he do n't know what be ... concentrate very hard on how he have feel when he have realize he will be leave Privet Drive , Harry get to his foot and face the packing case once more . " ready ? " say Lupin , who look as though he be do this against his good judgment . " concentrate hard ? all right -- go ! " he pull off the lid of the case for the third time , and the Dementor rise out of it ; the room fall cold and dark - " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " Harry bellow . " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " the scream inside Harry 's head have start again -- except this time , it sound as though it be come from a badly tune radio -- soft and loud and soft again ... and he could still see the Dementor ... it have halt ... and then a huge , silver shadow come burst out of the end of Harry 's wand , to hover between him and the Dementor , and though Harry 's leg feel like water , he be still on his foot -- though for how much long , he be n't sure ... " Riddikulus ! " roar Lupin , spring forward . there be a loud crack , and Harry 's cloudy Patronus vanish along with the Dementor ; he sink into a chair , feel as exhaust as if he will just run a mile , and feel his leg shake . out of the corner of his eye , he see Professor Lupin force the Boggart back into the pack case with his wand ; it have turn into a silvery orb again . " excellent ! " lupin say , stride over to where Harry sit . " excellent , Harry ! that be definitely a start ! " " can we have another go ? just one more go ? " " not now , " say Lupin firmly . " you have have enough for one night . here - " he hand Harry a large bar of Honeydukes ' good chocolate . " eat the lot , or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood . same time next week ? " " okay , " say Harry . he take a bite of the chocolate and watch Lupin extinguish the lamp that have rekindle with the disappearance of the Dementor . a thought have just occur to him . " Professor Lupin ? " he say . " if you know my dad , you must have know Sirius Black as well . " lupin turn very quickly . " what give you that idea ? " he say sharply . " nothing -- I mean , I just know they be friend at Hogwarts too ... " Lupin 's face relax . " yes , I know him , " he say shortly . " or I think I do . you will well be off , Harry , it be get late . " Harry leave the classroom , walk along the corridor and around a corner , then take a detour behind a suit of armor and sink down on its plinth to finish his chocolate , wish he have n't mention Black , as Lupin be obviously not keen on the subject . then Harry 's thought wander back to his mother and father ... he feel drain and strangely empty , even though he be so full of chocolate . terrible though it be to hear his parent ' last moment replay inside his head , these be the only time Harry have hear their voice since he be a very small child . but he will never be able to produce a proper Patronus if he half want to hear his parent again ... " they be dead , " he tell himself sternly . " they be dead and listen to echo of them wo n't bring them back . you will well get a grip on yourself if you want that Quidditch Cup . " he stand up , cram the last bit of chocolate into his mouth , and head back to Gryffindor Tower . Ravenclaw play Slytherin a week after the start of term . Slytherin win , though narrowly . accord to Wood , this be good news for Gryffindor , who would take second place if they beat Ravenclaw too . he therefore increase the number of team practice to five a week . this mean that with Lupin 's anti-Dementor class , which in themselves be more drain than six Quidditch practice , Harry have just one night a week to do all his homework . even so , he be not show the strain nearly as much as Hermione , whose immense workload finally seem to be get to her . every night , without fail , Hermione be to be see in a corner of the common room , several table spread with book , Arithmancy chart , rune dictionary , diagram of Muggles lift heavy object , and file upon file of extensive note ; she barely speak to anybody and snap when she be interrupt . " how be she do it ? " Ron mutter to Harry one evening as Harry sit finish a nasty essay on undetectable poison for Snape . Harry look up . Hermione be barely visible behind a totter pile of book . " do what ? " " get to all her class ! " Ron say . " I hear her talk to Professor Vector , that Arithmancy witch , this morning . they be go on about yesterday 's lesson , but Hermione ca n't have be there , because she be with us in Care of Magical Creatures ! and Ernie McMillan tell me she be never miss a Muggle Studies class , but half of them be at the same time as Divination , and she be never miss one of them either ! " Harry do n't have time to fathom the mystery of Hermione 's impossible schedule at the moment ; he really need to get on with Snape 's essay . two second later , however , he be interrupt again , this time by Wood . " bad news , Harry . I have just be to see Professor McGonagall about the Firebolt . she -- er -- get a bit shirty with me . tell me I have get my priority wrong . seem to think I care more about win the Cup than I do about you stay alive . just because I tell her I do n't care if it throw you off , as long as you catch the Snitch first . " Wood shake his head in disbelief . " honestly , the way she be yell at me ... you will think I will say something terrible . then I ask her how much longer she be go to keep it ... " he screw up his face and imitate Professor McGonagall 's severe voice . " as long as necessary , Wood " ... I reckon it be time you order a new broom , Harry . there be an order form at the back of which Broomstick ... you could get a Nimbus Two Thousand and one , like Malfoy 's get . " " I be not buy anything Malfoy think be good , " say Harry flatly . January fade imperceptibly into February , with no change in the bitterly cold weather . the match against Ravenclaw be draw near and near , but Harry still have n't order a new broom . he be now ask Professor McGonagall for news of the Firebolt after every transfiguration lesson , Ron standing hopefully at his shoulder , Hermione rush past with her face avert . " no , Potter , you ca n't have it back yet , " Professor McGonagall tell him the twelfth time this happen , before he have even open his mouth . " we have check for most of the usual curse , but Professor Flitwick believe the broom might be carry a Hurling Hex . I shall tell you once we have finish check it . now , please stop badger me . " to make matter even worse , Harry 's anti-Dementor lesson be not go nearly as well as he have hope . several session on , he be able to produce an indistinct , silvery shadow every time the Boggart-Dementor approach him , but his Patronus be too feeble to drive the Dementor away . all it do be hover , like a semitransparent cloud , drain Harry of energy as he fight to keep it there . Harry feel angry with himself , guilty about his secret desire to hear his parent ' voice again . " you be expect too much of yourself , " say Professor Lupin , sternly in their fourth week of practice . " for a thirteen-year-old wizard , even an indistinct Patronus be a huge achievement . you be n't pass out anymore , be you ? " " I think a Patronus would -- charge the Dementors down or something , " say Harry dispiritedly . " make them disappear - " " the true Patronus do do that , " say Lupin . " but you have achieve a great deal in a very short space of time . if the Dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match , you will be able to keep them at bay long enough to get back to the ground . " " you say it be hard if there be load of them , " say Harry . " I have complete confidence in you , " say Lupin , smile . " here -- you have earn a drink . something from the three Broomsticks . you wo n't have try it before - " he pull two bottle out of his briefcase . " Butterbeer ! " say Harry , without thinking . " yeah , I like that stuff ! " lupin raise an eyebrow . " oh -- Ron and Hermione bring me some back from Hogsmeade , " Harry lie quickly . " I see , " say Lupin , though he still look slightly suspicious . " well -- let be drink to a Gryffindor victory against Ravenclaw ! not that I be suppose to take side , as a teacher ... " he add hastily . they drink the butterbeer in silence , until Harry voice something he have be wonder for a while . " what be under a Dementor 's hood ? " Professor Lupin lower his bottle thoughtfully . " hmmm ... well , the only people who really know be in no condition to tell us . you see , the Dementor lower its hood only to use its last and bad weapon . " " what be that ? " " they call it the Dementor 's Kiss , " say Lupin , with a slightly twisted smile . " it be what Dementors do to those they wish to destroy utterly . I suppose there must be some kind of mouth under there , because they clamp their jaw upon the mouth of the victim and -- and suck out his soul . " Harry accidentally spit out a bit of butterbeer . " what -- they kill - ? " " oh no , " say Lupin . " much bad than that . you can exist without your soul , you know , as long as your brain and heart be still work . but you will have no sense of self anymore , no memory , no ... anything . there be no chance at all of recovery . you will just exist . as an empty shell . and your soul be go forever ... lose . " lupin drink a little more butterbeer , then say , " it be the fate that await Sirius Black . it be in the Daily Prophet this morning . the Ministry have give the Dementors permission to perform it if they find him . " Harry sit stun for a moment at the idea of someone have their soul suck out through their mouth . but then he think of Black . " he deserve it , " he say suddenly . " you think so ? " say Lupin lightly . " do you really think anyone deserve that ? " " yes , " say Harry defiantly . " for ... for some thing ... " he would have like to have tell Lupin about the conversation he have overhear about Black in the three Broomsticks , about Black betray his mother and father , but it would have involve reveal that he have go to Hogsmeade without permission , and he know Lupin would n't be very impress by that . so he finish his butterbeer , thank Lupin , and leave the history of Magic classroom . Harry half wish that he have n't ask what be under a Dementor 's hood , the answer have be so horrible , and he be so lose in unpleasant thought of what it would feel like to have your soul suck out of you that he walk headlong into Professor McGonagall halfway up the stair . " do watch where you be go , Potter ! " " sorry , Professor - " " I have just be look for you in the Gryffindor common room , well , here it be , we have do everything we could think of , and there do n't seem to be anything wrong with it at all -- you have get a very good friend somewhere , Potter ... " Harry 's jaw drop . she be hold out his Firebolt , and it look as magnificent as ever . " I can have it back ? " Harry say weakly . " seriously ? " " seriously , " say Professor McGonagall , and she be actually smile . " I daresay you will need to get the feel of it before Saturday 's match , wo n't you ? and Potter - do try and win , wo n't you ? or we will be out of the running for the eighth year in a row , as Professor Snape be kind enough to remind me only last night ... " Speechless , Harry carry the Firebolt back upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower . as he turn a corner , he see Ron dash toward him , grin from ear to ear . " she give it to you ? excellent ! listen , can I still have a go on it ? tomorrow ? " " yeah ... anything ... " say Harry , his heart lighter than it have be in a month . " you know what -- we should make up with Hermione ... she be only try to help ... " " Yeah , all right , " say Ron . " she be in the common room now work -- for a change . " they turn into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and see Neville Longbottom , plead with Sir Cadogan , who seem to be refuse him entrance . " I write them down ! " Neville be say tearfully . " but I must have drop them somewhere ! " " a likely tale ! " roar Sir Cadogan . then , spot Harry and Ron : " good even , my fine young yeoman ! come clap this loon in iron . he be try to force entry to the chamber within ! " " oh , shut up , " say Ron as he and Harry draw level with Neville . " I have lose the password ! " Neville tell them miserably . " I make him tell me what password he be go to use this week , because he keep change them , and now I do n't know what I have do with them ! " " Oddsbodkins , " say Harry to Sir Cadogan , who look extremely disappointed and reluctantly swing forward to let them into the common room . there be a sudden , excited murmur as every head turn and the next moment , Harry be surround by people exclaim over his Firebolt . " where will you get it , Harry ? " " will you let me have a go ? " " have you ride it yet , Harry ? " " Ravenclaw will have no chance , they be all on Cleansweep seven ! " " can I just hold it , Harry ? " after ten minute or so , during which the Firebolt be pass around and admire from every angle , the crowd disperse and Harry and Ron have a clear view of Hermione , the only person who have n't rush over to them , bend over her work and carefully avoid their eye . Harry and Ron approach her table and at last , she look up . " I get it back , " say Harry , grin at her and hold up the Firebolt . " see , Hermione ? there be n't anything wrong with it ! " say Ron . " well -- there might have be ! " say Hermione . " I mean , at least you know now that it be safe ! " " yeah , I suppose so , " say Harry . " I will well put it upstairs . " " I will take it ! " say Ron eagerly . " I have get to give Scabbers his rat tonic . " he take the Firebolt and , hold it as if it be make of glass , carry it away up the boy ' staircase . " can I sit down , then ? " Harry ask Hermione . " I suppose so , " say Hermione , move a great stack of parchment off a chair . Harry look around at the cluttered table , at the long Arithmancy essay on which the ink be still glisten , at the even long Muggle study essay ( ' Explain why Muggles Need Electricity ' ) and at the rune translation Hermione be now pore over . " how be you get through all this stuff ? " Harry ask her . " oh , well -- you know -- work hard , " say Hermione . close-up , Harry see that she look almost as tired as Lupin . " why do n't you just drop a couple of subject ? " Harry ask , watch her lift book as she search for her rune dictionary . " I could n't do that ! " say Hermione , look scandalize . " Arithmancy look terrible , " say Harry , pick up a very complicated-looking number chart . " oh no , it be wonderful ! " say Hermione earnestly . " it be my favorite subject ! it be - " but exactly what be wonderful about Arithmancy , Harry never find out . at that precise moment , a strangle yell echo down the boy ' staircase . the whole common room fall silent , stare , petrify , at the entrance . then come hurried footstep , grow loud and loud -- and then Ron come leap into view , drag with him a bedsheet . " look ! " he bellow , stride over to Hermione 's table . " look ! " he yell , shake the sheet in her face . " Ron , what - ? " " SCABBERS ! look ! SCABBERS ! " Hermione be lean away from Ron , look utterly bewilder . Harry look down at the sheet Ron be hold . there be something red on it . something that look horribly like - " Blood ! " Ron yell into the stun silence . " he be gone ! and you Know what WAS ON THE Floor ? " " N -- no , " say Hermione in a tremble voice . Ron throw something down onto Hermione 's rune translation . Hermione and Harry lean forward . lie on top of the weird , spiky shape be several long , ginger cat hair . chapter THIRTEEN Gryffindor Versus Ravenclaw it look like the end of Ron and Hermione 's friendship . each be so angry with the other that Harry could n't see how they will ever make up . Ron be enrage that Hermione have never take Crookshanks 's attempt to eat Scabbers seriously , have n't bother to keep a close enough watch on him , and be still try to pretend that Crookshanks be innocent by suggest that Ron look for Scabbers under all the boy ' bed . Hermione , meanwhile , maintain fiercely that Ron have no proof that Crookshanks have eat Scabbers , that the ginger hair might have be there since Christmas , and that Ron have be prejudice against her cat ever since Crookshanks have land on Ron 's head in the Magical Menagerie . personally , Harry be sure that Crookshanks have eat Scabbers , and when he try to point out to Hermione that the evidence all point that way , she lose her temper with Harry too . " okay , side with Ron , I know you would ! " she say shrilly . " first the Firebolt , now Scabbers , everything be my fault , be n't it ! just leave me alone , Harry , I have get a lot of work to do ! " Ron have take the loss of his rat very hard indeed . " come on , Ron , you be always say how boring Scabbers be , " say Fred bracingly . " and he have be off-color for age , he be waste away . it be probably good for him to snuff it quickly -- one swallow -- he probably do n't feel a thing . " " Fred ! " say Ginny indignantly . " all he do be eat and sleep , Ron , you say it yourself , " say George . " he bite Goyle for us once ! " Ron say miserably . " remember , Harry ? " " yeah , that be true , " say Harry . " his fine hour , " say Fred , unable to keep a straight face . " let the scar on Goyle 's finger stand as a lasting tribute to his memory . oh , come on , Ron , get yourself down to Hogsmeade and buy a new rat , what be the point of moan ? " in a last-ditch attempt to cheer Ron up , Harry persuade him to come along to the Gryffindor team 's final practice before the Ravenclaw match , so that he could have a ride on the Firebolt after they have finish . this do seem to take Ron 's mind off Scabbers for a moment ( " Great ! can I try and shoot a few goal on it ? " ) so they set off for the Quidditch field together . madam Hooch , who be still oversee Gryffindor practice to keep an eye on Harry , be just as impress with the Firebolt as everyone else have be . she take it in her hand before takeoff and give them the benefit of her professional opinion . " look at the balance on it ! if the Nimbus series have a fault , it be a slight list to the tail end -- you often find they develop a drag after a few year . they have update the handle too , a bit slim than the Cleansweeps , remind me of the old silver arrow -- a pity they have stop make them . I learn to fly on one , and a very fine old broom it be too ... " she continue in this vein for some time , until Wood say , " er -- Madam Hooch ? be it okay if Harry have the Firebolt back ? we need to practice ... " " oh -- right -- here you be , then , Potter , " say Madam Hooch . " I will sit over here with Weasley ... " she and Ron leave the field to sit in the stadium , and the Gryffindor team gather around Wood for his final instruction for tomorrow 's match . " Harry , I have just find out who Ravenclaw be play as Seeker . it be Cho Chang . she be a fourth year , and she be pretty good ... I really hope she would n't be fit , she have have some problem with injury ... " Wood scowl his displeasure that Cho Chang have make a full recovery , then say , " on the other hand , she ride a Comet Two Sixty , which be go to look like a joke next to the Firebolt . " he give Harry 's broom a look of fervent admiration , then say , " Okay , everyone , let be go - " and at long last , Harry mount his Firebolt , and kick off from the ground . it be well than he have ever dream . the Firebolt turn with the light touch ; it seem to obey his thought rather than his grip ; it speed across the field at such speed that the stadium turn into a green-and-gray blur ; Harry turn it so sharply that Alicia Spinnet scream , then he go into a perfectly control dive , brush the grassy field with his toe before rise thirty , forty , fifty foot into the air again - " Harry , I be let the Snitch out ! " Wood call . Harry turn and race a Bludger toward the goal post ; he outstrip it easily , see the Snitch dart out from behind Wood , and within ten second have catch it tightly in his hand . the team cheer madly . Harry let the Snitch go again , give it a minute 's head start , then tear after it , weave in and out of the other ; he spot it lurk near Katie Bell 's knee , loop her easily , and catch it again . it be the good practice ever ; the team , inspire by the presence of the Firebolt in their midst , perform their good move faultlessly , and by the time they hit the ground again , Wood do n't have a single criticism to make , which , as George Weasley point out , be a first . " I ca n't see what be go to stop us tomorrow ! " say Wood . " not unless -- Harry , you have sort out your Dementor problem , have n't you ? " " yeah , " say Harry , think of his feeble Patronus and wish it be strong . " the Dementors wo n't turn up again , Oliver . Dumbledore will go ballistic , " say Fred confidently . " well , let 's hope not , " say Wood . " anyway -- good work , everyone . let be get back to the tower ... turn in early ... " " I be stay out for a bit ; Ron want a go on the Firebolt , " Harry tell Wood , and while the rest of the team head off to the locker room , Harry stride over to Ron , who vault the barrier to the stand and come to meet him . madam Hooch have fall asleep in her seat . " here you go , " say Harry , hand Ron the Firebolt . Ron , an expression of ecstasy on his face , mount the broom and zoom off into the gathering darkness while Harry walk around the edge of the field , watch him . night have fall before Madam Hooch awake with a start , tell Harry and Ron off for not wake her , and insist that they go back to the castle . Harry shoulder the Firebolt and he and Ron walk out of the shadowy stadium , discuss the Firebolt 's superbly smooth action , its phenomenal acceleration , and its pinpoint turning . they be halfway toward the castle when Harry , glance to his left , see something that make his heart turn over -- a pair of eye , gleam out of the darkness . Harry stop dead , his heart bang against his rib . " what be the matter ? " say Ron . Harry point . Ron pull out his wand and mutter , " Lumos ! " a beam of light fall across the grass , hit the bottom of a tree , and illuminate its branch ; there , crouch among the budding leaf , be Crookshanks . " get out of here ! " Ron roar , and he stoop down and seize a stone lie on the grass , but before he could do anything else , Crookshanks have vanish with one swish of his long ginger tail . " see ? " Ron say furiously , chuck the stone down again . " she be still let him wander about wherever he want -- probably wash down Scabbers with a couple of bird now ... " Harry do n't say anything . he take a deep breath as relief seep through him ; he have be sure for a moment that those eye have belong to the Grim . they set off for the castle once more . slightly ashamed of his moment of panic , Harry do n't say anything to Ron -- nor do he look left or right until they have reach the well light entrance hall . Harry go down to breakfast the next morning with the rest of the boy in his dormitory , all of whom seem to think the Firebolt deserve a sort of guard of honor . as Harry enter the Great Hall , head turn in the direction of the Firebolt , and there be a good deal of excited mutter . Harry see , with enormous satisfaction , that the Slytherin team be all look thunderstruck . " do you see his face ? " say Ron gleefully , look back at Malfoy . " he ca n't believe it ! this be brilliant ! " Wood , too , be bask in the reflect glory of the Firebolt . " put it here , Harry , " he say , lay the broom in the middle of the table and carefully turn it so that its name face upward . people from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff table be soon come over to look . Cedric Diggory come over to congratulate Harry on have acquire such a superb replacement for his Nimbus , and Percy 's Ravenclaw girlfriend , Penelope Clearwater , ask if she could actually hold the Firebolt . " now , now , Penny , no sabotage ! " say Percy heartily as she examine the Firebolt closely . " Penelope and I have get a bet on , " he tell the team . " Ten Galleons on the outcome of the match ! " Penelope put the Firebolt down again , thank Harry , and go back to her table . " Harry -- make sure you win , " say Percy , in an urgent whisper . " I have n't get ten Galleons . yes , I be come , Penny ! " and he bustle off to join her in a piece of toast . " sure you can manage that broom , Potter ? " say a cold , drawl voice . Draco Malfoy have arrive for a close look , Crabbe and Goyle right behind him . " yeah , reckon so , " say Harry casually . " get plenty of special feature , have n't it ? " say Malfoy , eye glitter maliciously . " shame it do n't come with a parachute -- in case you get too near a Dementor . " Crabbe and Goyle snigger . " pity you ca n't attach an extra arm to yours , Malfoy , " say Harry . " then it could catch the Snitch for you . " the Gryffindor team laugh loudly . Malfoy 's pale eye narrow , and he stalk away . they watch him rejoin the rest of the Slytherin team , who put their head together , no doubt ask Malfoy whether Harry 's broom really be a Firebolt . at a quarter to eleven , the Gryffindor team set off for the locker room . the weather could n't have be more different from their match against Hufflepuff . it be a clear , cool day with a very light breeze ; there would be no visibility problem this time , and Harry , though nervous , be start to feel the excitement only a Quidditch match could bring . they could hear the rest of the school move into the stadium beyond . Harry take off his black school robe , remove his wand from his pocket , and stick it inside the T-shirt he be go to wear under his Quidditch robe . he only hope he would n't need it . he wonder suddenly whether Professor Lupin be in the crowd , watch . " you know what we have get to do , " say Wood as they prepare to leave the locker room . " if we lose this match , we be out of the running , just -- just fly like you do in practice yesterday , and we will be okay ! " they walk out onto the field to tumultuous applause . the Ravenclaw team , dress in blue , be already stand in the middle of the field . their Seeker , Cho Chang , be the only girl on their team . she be short than Harry by about a head , and Harry could n't help notice , nervous as he be , that she be extremely pretty . she smile at Harry as the team face each other behind their captain , and he feel a slight lurch in the region of his stomach that he do n't think have anything to do with nerve . " Wood , Davies , shake hand , " Madam Hooch say briskly , and Wood shake hand with the Ravenclaw Captain . " mount your broom ... on my whistle ... three -- two -- one - " Harry kick off into the air and the Firebolt zoom high and fast than any other broom ; he soar around the stadium and begin squint around for the Snitch , listen all the while to the commentary , which be be provide by the Weasley twin ' friend Lee Jordan . " they be off , and the big excitement this match be the Firebolt that Harry Potter be fly for Gryffindor . accord to which Broomstick , the Firebolt be go to be the broom of choice for the national team at this year 's World championship - " " Jordan , would you mind tell us what be go on in the match ? " interrupt Professor McGonagall 's voice . " right you be , Professor -- just give a bit of background information -- the Firebolt , incidentally , have a built-in auto-brake and - " " Jordan ! " " okay , okay , Gryffindor in possession , Katie Bell of Gryffindor , head for goal ... " Harry streak past Katie in the opposite direction , gaze around for a glint of gold and notice that Cho Chang be tail him closely . she be undoubtedly a very good flier -- she keep cut across him , force him to change direction . " show her your acceleration , Harry ! " Fred yell as he whoosh past in pursuit of a Bludger that be aim for Alicia . Harry urge the Firebolt forward as they round the Ravenclaw goal post and Cho fall behind . just as Katie succeed in score the first goal of the match , and the Gryffindor end of the field go wild , he see it -- the Snitch be close to the ground , flit near one of the barrier . Harry dive ; Cho see what he be do and tear after him -- Harry be speed up , excitement flood him ; dive be his specialty , he be ten foot away - then a Bludger , hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters , come pelt out of nowhere ; Harry veer off course , avoid it by an inch , and in those few , crucial second , the Snitch have vanish . there be a great " Ooooooh " of disappointment from the Gryffindor supporter , but much applause for their beater from the Ravenclaw end . George Weasley vent his feeling by hit the second Bludger directly at the offend Beater , who be force to roll right over in midair to avoid it . " Gryffindor lead by eighty point to zero , and look at that Firebolt go ! Potter be really put it through its pace now , see it turn -- Chang 's comet be just no match for it , the Firebolt 's precision -- balance be really noticeable in these long - " " Jordan ! be you BEING PAID To ADVERTISE FIREBOLTS ? get ON WITH THE Commentary ! " Ravenclaw be pull back ; they have now score three goal , which put Gryffindor only fifty point ahead -- if Cho get the Snitch before him , Ravenclaw would win . Harry drop low , narrowly avoid a Ravenclaw Chaser , scan the field frantically -- a glint of gold , a flutter of tiny wing -- the Snitch be circle the Gryffindor goal post ... Harry accelerate , eye fix on the speck of gold ahead -- but just then , Cho appear out of thin air , block him - " Harry , This be No time To Be A GENTLEMAN ! " Wood roar as Harry swerve to avoid a collision . " knock Her Off Her Broom if you Have To ! " Harry turn and catch sight of Cho ; she be grin . the Snitch have vanish again . Harry turn his Firebolt upward and be soon twenty foot above the game . out of the corner of his eye , he see Cho follow him ... she have decide to mark him rather than search for the Snitch herself ... all right , then ... if she want to tail him , she will have to take the consequence ... he dive again , and Cho , think he have see the Snitch , try to follow ; Harry pull out of the dive very sharply ; she hurtle downward ; he rise fast as a bullet once more , and then see it , for the third time -- the Snitch be glitter way above the field at the Ravenclaw end . he accelerate ; so , many foot below , do Cho . he be win , gain on the Snitch with every second -- then - " oh ! " scream Cho , point . distract , Harry look down . Three Dementors , three tall , black , hooded Dementors , be look up at him . he do n't stop to think . plunge a hand down the neck of his robe , he whip out his wand and roar , " Expecto patronum ! " something silver-white , something enormous , erupt from the end of his wand . he know it have shoot directly at the Dementors but do n't pause to watch ; his mind still miraculously clear , he look ahead -- he be nearly there . he stretch out the hand still grasp his wand and just manage to close his finger over the small , struggle Snitch . madam Hooch 's whistle sound . Harry turn around in midair and see six scarlet blur bear down on him ; next moment , the whole team be hug him so hard he be nearly pull off his broom . down below he could hear the roar of the Gryffindors in the crowd . " that be my boy ! " Wood keep yell . Alicia , Angelina , and Katie have all kiss Harry ; Fred have him in a grip so tight Harry feel as though his head would come off . in complete disarray , the team manage to make its way back to the ground . Harry get off his broom and look up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor supporter sprint onto the field , Ron in the lead . before he know it , he have be engulf by the cheer crowd . " yes ! " Ron yell , yank Harry 's arm into the air . " yes ! yes ! " " well do , Harry ! " say Percy , look delighted . " Ten Galleons to me ! must find Penelope , excuse me - " " good for you , Harry ! " roar Seamus Finnigan . " ruddy brilliant ! " boom Hagrid over the head of the mill Gryffindors . " that be quite some Patronus , " say a voice in Harry 's ear . Harry turn around to see Professor Lupin , who look both shake and please . " the Dementors do n't affect me at all ! " Harry say excitedly . " I do n't feel a thing ! " " that would be because they -- er -- be n't Dementors , " say Professor Lupin . " come and see - " he lead Harry out of the crowd until they be able to see the edge of the field . " you give Mr. Malfoy quite a fright , " say Lupin . Harry stare . lie in a crumpled heap on the ground be Malfoy , Crabbe , Goyle , and Marcus Flint , the Slytherin team Captain , all struggle to remove themselves from long , black , hooded robe . it look as though Malfoy have be stand on Goyle 's shoulder . stand over them , with an expression of the utmost fury on her face , be Professor McGonagall . " an unworthy trick ! " she be shout . " a low and cowardly attempt to sabotage the Gryffindor Seeker ! detention for all of you , and fifty point from Slytherin ! I shall be speak to Professor Dumbledore about this , make no mistake ! ah , here he come now ! " if anything could have set the seal on Gryffindor 's victory , it be this . Ron , who have fight his way through to Harry 's side , double up with laughter as they watch Malfoy fight to extricate himself from the robe , Goyle 's head still stick inside it . " come on , Harry ! " say George , fight his way over . " party ! Gryffindor common room , now ! " " right , " say Harry , and feel happy than he have in age , he and the rest of the team lead the way , still in their scarlet robe , out of the stadium and back up to the castle . it feel as though they have already win the Quidditch Cup ; the party go on all day and well into the night . Fred and George Weasley disappear for a couple of hour and return with armful of bottle of butterbeer , pumpkin fizz , and several bag full of Honeydukes sweet . " how do you do that ? " squeal Angelina Johnson as George start throw Peppermint Toads into the crowd . " with a little help from Moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and Prongs , " Fred mutter in Harry 's ear . only one person be n't join in the festivity . Hermione , incredibly , be sit in a corner , attempt to read an enormous book entitle Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles . Harry break away from the table where Fred and George have start juggle butterbeer bottle and go over to her . " do you even come to the match ? " he ask her . " of course I do , " say Hermione in a strangely high-pitched voice , not look up . " and I be very glad we win , and I think you do really well , but I need to read this by Monday . " " come on , Hermione , come and have some food , " Harry say , look over at Ron and wonder whether he be in a good enough mood to bury the hatchet . " I ca n't , Harry . I have still get four hundred and twenty-two page to read ! " say Hermione , now sound slightly hysterical . " anyway ... " she glance over at Ron too . " he do n't want me to join in . " there be no argue with this , as Ron choose that moment to say loudly , " if Scabbers have n't just be eat , he could have have some of those Fudge Flies . he use to really like them - " Hermione burst into tear . before Harry could say or do anything , she tuck the enormous book under her arm , and , still sob , run toward the staircase to the girl ' dormitory and out of sight . " can n't you give her a break ? " Harry ask Ron quietly . " no , " say Ron flatly . " if she just act like she be sorry -- but she will never admit she be wrong , Hermione . she be still act like Scabbers have go on vacation or something . " the Gryffindor party end only when Professor McGonagall turn up in her tartan dress gown and hair net at one in the morning , to insist that they all go to bed . Harry and Ron climb the stair to their dormitory , still discuss the match . at last , exhaust , Harry climb into bed , twitch the hanging of his four-poster shut to block out a ray of moonlight , lie back , and feel himself almost instantly drift off to sleep ... he have a very strange dream . he be walk through a forest , his Firebolt over his shoulder , follow something silvery-white . it be wind its way through the tree ahead , and he could only catch glimpse of it between the leaf . anxious to catch up with it , he speed up , but as he move faster , so do his quarry . Harry break into a run , and ahead he hear hoof gather speed . now he be run flat out , and ahead he could hear gallop . then he turn a corner into a clearing and - " AAARRGGHH ! NOOO ! " Harry wake as suddenly as though he have be hit in the face . disorient in the total darkness , he fumble with his hanging , he could hear movement around him , and Seamus Finnigan 's voice from the other side of the room . " what be go on ? " Harry think he hear the dormitory door slam . at last find the divide in his curtain , he rip them back , and at the same moment , Dean Thomas light his lamp . Ron be sit up in bed , the hanging tear from one side , a look of utmost terror on his face . " Black ! Sirius Black ! with a knife ! " " what ? " " here ! just now ! slash the curtain ! wake me up ! " " you sure you be n't dream , Ron ? " say Dean . " look at the curtain ! I tell you , he be here ! " they all scramble out of bed ; Harry reach the dormitory door first , and they sprint back down the staircase . door open behind them , and sleepy voice call after them . " who shout ? " " what be you do ? " the common room be light with the glow of the die fire , still litter with the debris from the party . it be desert . " be you sure you be n't dream , Ron ? " " I be tell you , I see him ! " " what be all the noise ? " " Professor McGonagall tell us to go to bed ! " a few of the girl have come down their staircase , pull on dress gown and yawn . boy , too , be reappear . " excellent , be we carry on ? " say Fred Weasley brightly . " everyone back upstairs ! " say Percy , hurry into the common room and pin his Head Boy badge to his pajamas as he speak . " Perce -- Sirius Black ! " say Ron faintly . " in our dormitory ! with a knife ! wake me up ! " the common room go very still . " nonsense ! " say Percy , look startle . " you have too much to eat , Ron -- have a nightmare - " " I be tell you - " " now , really , enough be enough ! " Professor McGonagall be back . she slam the portrait behind her as she enter the common room and stare furiously around . " I be delight that Gryffindor win the match , but this be get ridiculous ! Percy , I expect good of you ! " " I certainly do n't authorize this , Professor ! " say Percy , puff himself up indignantly . " I be just tell them all to get back to bed ! my brother Ron here have a nightmare - " " it WAS N'T A NIGHTMARE ! " Ron yell . " professor , I WOKE up , and SIRIUS Black WAS Standing Over Me , Holding A Knife ! " Professor McGonagall stare at him . " do n't be ridiculous , Weasley , how could he possibly have get through the portrait hole ? " " ask him ! " say Ron , point a shake finger at the back of Sir Cadogan 's picture . " ask him if he see - " Glaring suspiciously at Ron , Professor McGonagall push the portrait back open and go outside . the whole common room listen with bate breath . " Sir Cadogan , do you just let a man enter Gryffindor Tower ? " " certainly , good lady ! " cry Sir Cadogan . there be a stun silence , both inside and outside the common room . " you -- you do ? " say Professor McGonagall . " but -- but the password ! " " he have ' em ! " say Sir Cadogan proudly . " have the whole week be , my lady ! Read ' em off a little piece of paper ! " Professor McGonagall pull herself back through the portrait hole to face the stun crowd . she be white as chalk . " which person , " she say , her voice shake , " which abysmally foolish person write down this week 's password and leave them lie around ? " there be utter silence , break by the small of terrify squeak . Neville Longbottom , tremble from head to fluffy slippered toe , raise his hand slowly into the air . chapter FOURTEEN Snape 's Grudge No one in Gryffindor Tower sleep that night . they know that the castle be be search again , and the whole house stay awake in the common room , wait to hear whether Black have be catch . Professor McGonagall come back at dawn , to tell them that he have again escape . throughout the day , everywhere they go they see sign of tight security ; Professor Flitwick could be see teach the front door to recognize a large picture of Sirius Black ; Filch be suddenly bustle up and down the corridor , board up everything from tiny crack in the wall to mouse hole . Sir Cadogan have be fire . his portrait have be take back to its lonely landing on the seventh floor , and the Fat Lady be back . she have be expertly restore , but be still extremely nervous , and have agree to return to her job only on condition that she be give extra protection . a bunch of surly security troll have be hire to guard her . they pace the corridor in a menace group , talk in grunt and compare the size of their club . Harry could n't help notice that the statue of the one-eyed witch on the third floor remain unguarded and unblocked . it seem that Fred and George have be right in think that they -- and now Harry , Ron , and Hermione -- be the only one who know about the hidden passageway within it . " D'you reckon we should tell someone ? " Harry ask Ron . " we know he be not come in through Honeyduke 's , " say Ron dismissively . " we will have hear if the shop have be break into . " Harry be glad Ron take this view . if the one-eyed witch be board up too , he would never be able to go into Hogsmeade again . Ron have become an instant celebrity . for the first time in his life , people be pay more attention to him than to Harry , and it be clear that Ron be rather enjoy the experience . though still severely shake by the night 's event , he be happy to tell anyone who ask what have happen , with a wealth of detail . " ... I be asleep , and I hear this ripping noise , and I think it be in my dream , you know ? but then there be this draft ... I wake up and one side of the hanging on my bed have be pull down ... I roll over ... and I see him stand over me ... like a skeleton , with load of filthy hair ... hold this great long knife , must have be twelve inch ... and he look at me , and I look at him , and then I yell , and he scamper . " why , though ? " Ron add to Harry as the group of second year girl who have be listen to his chilling tale depart . " why do he run ? " Harry have be wonder the same thing . why have Black , have get the wrong bed , not silence Ron and proceed to Harry ? Black have prove twelve year ago that he do n't mind murder innocent people , and this time he have be face five unarmed boy , four of whom be asleep . " he must have know he will have a job get back out of the castle once you have yell and wake people up , " say Harry thoughtfully . " he will have have to kill the whole house to get back through the portrait hole ... then he would have meet the teacher ... " Neville be in total disgrace . Professor McGonagall be so furious with him she have ban him from all future Hogsmeade visit , give him a detention , and forbidden anyone to give him the password into the tower . Poor Neville be force to wait outside the common room every night for somebody to let him in , while the security troll leer unpleasantly at him . none of these punishment , however , come close to match the one his grandmother have in store for him . two day after Black 's break-in , she send Neville the very bad thing a Hogwarts student could receive over breakfast -- a Howler . the school owl swoop into the Great Hall carry the mail as usual , and Neville choke as a huge barn owl land in front of him , a scarlet envelope clutch in its beak . Harry and Ron , who be sit opposite him , recognize the letter as a Howler at once -- Ron have get one from his mother the year before . " run for it , Neville , " Ron advise . Neville do n't need tell twice . he seize the envelope , and hold it before him like a bomb , sprint out of the hall , while the Slytherin table explode with laughter at the sight of him . they hear the Howler go off in the entrance hall -- Neville 's grandmother 's voice , magically magnify to a hundred time its usual volume , shriek about how he have bring shame on the whole family . Harry be too busy feeling sorry for Neville to notice immediately that he have a letter too . Hedwig get his attention by nip him sharply on the wrist . " ouch ! oh -- thanks , Hedwig . " Harry tear open the envelope while Hedwig help herself to some of Neville 's cornflakes . the note inside say : Dear Harry and Ron , how about have tea with me this afternoon ' round six ? I will come collect you from the castle . wait for ME in the ENTRANCE Hall ; you 'RE NOT ALLOWED Out ON YOUR Own . Cheers , Hagrid " he probably want to hear all about Black ! " say Ron . so at six o'clock that afternoon , Harry and Ron leave Gryffindor Tower , pass the security troll at a run , and head down to the entrance hall . Hagrid be already wait for them . " all right , Hagrid ! " say Ron . " S'pose you want to hear about Saturday night , do you ? " " I have already hear all abou ' it , " say Hagrid , open the front door and lead them outside . " oh , " say Ron , look slightly put out . the first thing they see on enter Hagrid 's cabin be Buckbeak , who be stretch out on top of Hagrid 's patchwork quilt , his enormous wing fold tight to his body , enjoy a large plate of dead ferret . avert his eye from this unpleasant sight , Harry see a gigantic , hairy brown suit and a very horrible yellow-and-orange tie hang from the top of Hagrid 's wardrobe door . " what be they for , Hagrid ? " say Harry . " Buckbeak 's case against the Committee fer the Disposal o ' dangerous creature , " say Hagrid . " this Friday . him an ' me will be goin ' down ter London together . I have book two bed on the Knight Bus ... " Harry feel a nasty pang of guilt . he have completely forget that Buckbeak 's trial be so near , and judge by the uneasy look on Ron 's face , he have too . they have also forget their promise about help him prepare Buckbeak 's defense ; the arrival of the Firebolt have drive it clean out of their mind . Hagrid pour them tea and offer them a plate of Bath bun but they know well than to accept ; they have have too much experience with Hagrid 's cooking . " I get somethin ' ter discuss with you two , " say Hagrid , sit himself between them and look uncharacteristically serious . " what ? " say Harry . " Hermione , " say Hagrid . " what about her ? " say Ron . " she be in a righ ' state , that be what . she be bin comin ' down ter visit me a lot since Chris'mas . Bin feelin ' lonely . fir ' yeh weren ' talk to her because o ' the Firebolt , now yer not talkin ' to her because her cat - " " - eat Scabbers ! " Ron interject angrily . " because her cat act like all cat do , " Hagrid continue doggedly . " she be cry a fair few time , yeh know . Goin ' through a rough time at the moment . bite off more'n she can chew , if yeh ask me , all the work she be tryin ' ter do . still find time ter help me with Buckbeak 's case , mind ... she have find some really good stuff fer me ... reckon he will stand a good chance now ... " " Hagrid , we should have help as well -- sorry - " Harry begin awkwardly . " I be not blamin ' yeh ! " say Hagrid , wave Harry 's apology aside . " Gawd know yeh have have enough ter be get ' on with . I have see Yeh practicin ' Quidditch ev'ry hour o ' the day an ' night -- but I gotta tell yeh , I think you two will value yer friend more'n broomstick or rat . tha be all . " Harry and Ron exchange uncomfortable look . " really upset , she be , when Black nearly stab Yeh , Ron . she have get her heart in the right place , Hermione have , an ' you two not talkin ' to her - " " if she will just get rid of that cat , I will speak to her again ! " Ron say angrily . " but she be still stick up for it ! it be a maniac , and she wo n't hear a word against it ! " " ah , well , people can be a bit stupid abou ' their pet , " say Hagrid wisely . behind him , Buckbeak spit a few ferret bone onto Hagrid 's pillow . they spend the rest of their visit discuss Gryffindor 's improve chance for the Quidditch Cup . at nine o'clock , Hagrid walk them back up to the castle . a large group of people be bunch around the bulletin board when they return to the common room . " Hogsmeade , next weekend ! " say Ron , crane over the head to read the new notice . " what d'you reckon ? " he add quietly to Harry as they go to sit down . " well , Filch have n't do anything about the passage into Honeydukes ... " Harry say , even more quietly . " Harry ! " say a voice in his right ear . Harry start and look around at Hermione , who be sit at the table right behind them and clear a space in the wall of book that have be hide her . " Harry , if you go into Hogsmeade again ... I will tell Professor McGonagall about that map ! " say Hermione . " can you hear someone talking , Harry ? " growl Ron , not look at Hermione . " Ron , how can you let him go with you ? after what Sirius Black nearly do to you ! I mean it , I will tell - " " so now you be try to get Harry expel ! " say Ron furiously . " have n't you do enough damage this year ? " Hermione open her mouth to respond , but with a soft hiss , Crookshanks leap onto her lap . Hermione take one frightened look at the expression on Ron 's face , gather up Crookshanks , and hurry away toward the girl ' dormitory . " so how about it ? " Ron say to Harry as though there have be no interruption . " come on , last time we go you do n't see anything . you have n't even be inside Zonko 's yet ! " Harry look around to check that Hermione be well out of earshot . " okay , " he say . " but I be take the Invisibility Cloak this time . " on Saturday morning , Harry pack his Invisibility Cloak in his bag , slip the Marauder 's Map into his pocket , and go down to breakfast with everyone else . Hermione keep shoot suspicious look down the table at him , but he avoid her eye and be careful to let her see him walk back up the marble staircase in the entrance hall as everybody else proceed to the front door . " bye ! " Harry call to Ron . " see you when you get back ! " Ron grin and wink . Harry hurry up to the third floor , slip the Marauder 's Map out of his pocket as he go . crouch behind the one-eyed witch , he smooth it out . a tiny dot be move in his direction . Harry squint at it . the minuscule writing next to it read Neville Longbottom . Harry quickly pull out his wand , mutter , " Dissendium ! " and shove his bag into the statue , but before he could climb in himself , Neville come around the corner . " Harry ! I forget you be n't go to Hogsmeade either ! " " hi , Neville , " say Harry , move swiftly away from the statue and push the map back into his pocket . " what be you up to ? " " nothing , " shrug Neville . " want a game of Exploding Snap ? " " er -- not now -- I be go to go to the library and do that vampire essay for Lupin - " " I will come with you ! " say Neville brightly . " I have n't do it either ! " " er -- hang on -- yeah , I forget , I finish it last night ! " " great , you can help me ! " say Neville , his round face anxious . " I do n't understand that thing about the garlic at all -- do they have to eat it , or - " he break off with a small gasp , look over Harry 's shoulder . it be Snape . Neville take a quick step behind Harry . " and what be you two do here ? " say Snape , come to a halt and look from one to the other . " an odd place to meet - " to Harry 's immense disquiet , Snape 's black eye flick to the doorway on either side of them , and then to the one-eyed witch . " we be not -- meet here , " say Harry . " we just -- meet here . " " indeed ? " say Snape . " you have a habit of turn up in unexpected place , Potter , and you be very rarely there for no good reason ... I suggest the pair of you return to Gryffindor Tower , where you belong . " Harry and Neville set off without another word . as they turn the corner , Harry look back . Snape be run one of his hand over the one-eyed witch 's head , examine it closely . Harry manage to shake Neville off at the Fat Lady by tell him the password , then pretend he have leave his vampire essay in the library and double back . once out of sight of the security troll , he pull out the map again and hold it close to his nose . the third floor corridor seem to be desert . Harry scan the map carefully and see , with a leap of relief , that the tiny dot label Severus Snape be now back in its office . he sprint back to the one-eyed witch , open her hump , heave himself inside , and slide down to meet his bag at the bottom of the stone chute . he wipe the Marauder 's Map blank again , then set off at a run . Harry , completely hide beneath the Invisibility Cloak , emerge into the sunlight outside Honeydukes and prod Ron in the back . " it be me , " he mutter . " what keep you ? " Ron hiss . " Snape be hang around . " they set off up the High Street . " where be you ? " Ron keep mutter out of the corner of his mouth . " be you still there ? this feel weird ... " they go to the post office ; Ron pretend to be check the price of an owl to Bill in Egypt so that Harry could have a good look around . the owl sit hoot softly down at him , at least three hundred of them ; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scops owl ( " local delivery only " ) , which be so small they could have sit in the palm of Harry 's hand . then they visit Zonko 's , which be so pack with student Harry have to exercise great care not to tread on anyone and cause a panic . there be joke and trick to fulfill even Fred 's and George 's wild dream ; Harry give Ron whisper order and pass him some gold from under the cloak . they leave Zonko 's with their money bag considerably light than they have be on enter , but their pocket bulge with Dungbombs , Hiccup Sweets , Frog Spawn Soap , and a Nose-Biting Teacup apiece . the day be fine and breezy , and neither of them feel like stay indoors , so they walk past the three Broomsticks and climb a slope to visit the Shrieking Shack , the most haunted dwelling in Britain . it stand a little way above the rest of the village , and even in daylight be slightly creepy , with its board window and dank overgrow garden . " even the Hogwarts ghost avoid it , " say Ron as they lean on the fence , look up at it . " I ask nearly Headless Nick ... he say he have hear a very rough crowd life here . no one can get in . Fred and George try , obviously , but all the entrance be seal shut ... " Harry , feel hot from their climb , be just consider take off the cloak for a few minute when they hear voice nearby . someone be climb toward the house from the other side of the hill ; moment later , Malfoy have appear , follow closely by Crabbe and Goyle . Malfoy be speak . " ... should have an owl from Father any time now . he have to go to the hearing to tell them about my arm ... about how I could n't use it for three month ... " Crabbe and Goyle snigger . " I really wish I could hear that great hairy moron try to defend himself ... ' there be no ' arm in ' im , ' on - ' ... that Hippogriff 's as good as dead - " Malfoy suddenly catch sight of Ron . his pale face split in a malevolent grin . " what be you do , Weasley ? " Malfoy look up at the crumble house behind Ron . " suppose you will love to live here , would n't you , Weasley ? dream about have your own bedroom ? I hear your family all sleep in one room -- be that true ? " Harry seize the back of Ron 's robe to stop him from leap on Malfoy . " leave him to me , " he hiss in Ron 's ear . the opportunity be too perfect to miss . Harry creep silently around behind Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle , bend down , and scoop a large handful of mud out of the path . " we be just discuss your friend Hagrid , " Malfoy say to Ron . " just try to imagine what he be say to the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous creature . D'you think he will cry when they cut off his Hippogriff 's - " SPLAT ! Malfoy 's head jerk forward as the mud hit him ; his silverblond hair be suddenly drip in muck . " what the - ? " Ron have to hold onto the fence to keep himself stand , he be laugh so hard . Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle spin stupidly on the spot , stare wildly around , Malfoy try to wipe his hair clean . " what be that ? who do that ? " " very haunt up here , be n't it ? " say Ron , with the air of one comment on the weather . Crabbe and Goyle be look scare . their bulge muscle be no use against ghost . Malfoy be stare madly around at the desert landscape . Harry sneak along the path , where a particularly sloppy puddle yield some foul-smell , green sludge . splatter ! Crabbe and Goyle catch some this time . Goyle hop furiously on the spot , try to rub it out of his small , dull eye . " it come from over there ! " say Malfoy , wipe his face , and stare at a spot some six foot to the left of Harry . Crabbe blunder forward , his long arm outstretch like a zombie . Harry dodge around him , pick up a stick , and lob it at Crabbe 's back . Harry double up with silent laughter as Crabbe do a kind of pirouette in midair , try to see who have throw it . as Ron be the only person Crabbe could see , it be Ron he start toward , but Harry stick out his leg . Crabbe stumble -- and his huge , flat foot catch the hem of Harry 's cloak . Harry feel a great tug , then the cloak slide off his face . for a split second , Malfoy stare at him . " AAARGH ! " he yell , point at Harry 's head . then he turn tail and run , at breakneck speed , back down the hill , Crabbe and Goyle behind him . Harry tug the cloak up again , but the damage be do . " Harry ! " Ron say , stumble forward and stare hopelessly at the point where Harry have disappear , " you will well run for it ! if Malfoy tell anyone -- you will well get back to the castle , quick - " " see you later , " say Harry , and without another word , he tear back down the path toward Hogsmeade . would Malfoy believe what he have see ? would anyone believe Malfoy ? nobody know about the Invisibility Cloak -- nobody except Dumbledore . Harry 's stomach turn over -- Dumbledore would know exactly what have happen , if Malfoy say anything - back into Honeydukes , back down the cellar step , across the stone floor , through the trapdoor -- Harry pull off the cloak , tuck it under his arm , and run , flat out , along the passage ... Malfoy would get back first ... how long would it take him to find a teacher ? pant , a sharp pain in his side , Harry do n't slow down until he reach the stone slide . he would have to leave the cloak where it be , it be too much of a giveaway in case Malfoy have tip off a teacher -- he hide it in a shadowy corner , then start to climb , fast as he could , his sweaty hand slip on the side of the chute . he reach the inside of the witch 's hump , tap it with his wand , stick his head through , and hoist himself out ; the hump close , and just as Harry jump out from behind the statue , he hear quick footstep approach . it be Snape . he approach Harry at a swift walk , his black robe swish , then stop in front of him . " so , " he say . there be a look of suppress triumph about him . Harry try to look innocent , all too aware of his sweaty face and his muddy hand , which he quickly hide in his pocket . " come with me , Potter , " say Snape . Harry follow him downstairs , try to wipe his hand clean on the inside of his robe without Snape notice . they walk down the stair to the dungeon and then into Snape 's office . Harry have be in here only once before , and he have be in very serious trouble then too . Snape have acquire a few more slimy horrible thing in jar since last time , all standing on shelf behind his desk , glint in the firelight and add to the threatening atmosphere . " sit , " say Snape . Harry sit . Snape , however , remain , stand . " Mr. Malfoy have just be to see me with a strange story , Potter , " say Snape . Harry do n't say anything . " he tell me that he be up by the Shrieking Shack when he run into Weasley -- apparently alone . " still , Harry do n't speak . " Mr. Malfoy state that he be stand talk to Weasley , when a large amount of mud hit him in the back of the head . how do you think that could have happen ? " Harry try to look mildly surprised . " I do n't know , Professor . " Snape 's eye be boring into Harry 's . it be exactly like try to stare down a Hippogriff . Harry try hard not to blink . " Mr. Malfoy then see an extraordinary apparition . can you imagine what it might have be , Potter ? " " no , " say Harry , now try to sound innocently curious . " it be your head , Potter . float in midair . " there be a long silence . " maybe he will well go to Madam Pomfrey , " say Harry . " if he be see thing like - " " what would your head have be do in Hogsmeade , Potter ? " say Snape softly . " your head be not allow in Hogsmeade . no part of your body have permission to be in Hogsmeade . " " I know that , " say Harry , strive to keep his face free of guilt or fear . " it sound like Malfoy be have hallucin - " " Malfoy be not have hallucination , " snarl Snape , and he bend down , a hand on each arm of Harry 's chair , so that their face be a foot apart . " if your head be in Hogsmeade , so be the rest of you . " " I have be up in Gryffindor Tower , " say Harry . " like you tell - " " can anyone confirm that ? " Harry do n't say anything . Snape 's thin mouth curl into a horrible smile . " so , " he say , straighten up again . " everyone from the Minister of Magic downward have be try to keep famous Harry Potter safe from Sirius Black . but famous Harry Potter be a law unto himself . let the ordinary people worry about his safety ! Famous Harry Potter go where he want to , with no thought for the consequence . " Harry stay silent . Snape be try to provoke him into tell the truth . he be n't go to do it . Snape have no proof -- yet . " how extraordinarily like your father you be , Potter , " Snape say suddenly , his eye glint . " he too be exceedingly arrogant . a small amount of talent on the Quidditch field make him think he be a cut above the rest of us too . strut around the place with his friend and admirer ... the resemblance between you be uncanny . " " my dad do n't strut , " say Harry , before he could stop himself . " and neither do I. " " your father do n't set much store by rule either , " Snape go on , press his advantage , his thin face full of malice . " rule be for lesser mortal , not Quidditch Cup-winners . his head be so swell - " " SHUT UP ! " Harry be suddenly on his foot . rage such as he have not feel since his last night in Privet Drive be course through him . he do n't care that Snape 's face have go rigid , the black eye flash dangerously . " what do you say to me , Potter ? " " I tell you to shut up about my dad ! " Harry yell . " I know the truth , all right ? he save your life ! Dumbledore tell me ! you would n't even be here if it be n't for my dad ! " Snape 's sallow skin have go the color of sour milk . " and do the headmaster tell you the circumstance in which your father save my life ? " he whisper . " or do he consider the detail too unpleasant for precious Potter 's delicate ear ? " Harry bite his lip . he do n't know what have happen and do n't want to admit it -- but Snape seem to have guess the truth . " I would hate for you to run away with a false idea of your father , Potter , " he say , a terrible grin twist his face . " have you be imagine some act of glorious heroism ? then let me correct you -- your saintly father and his friend play a highly amusing joke on me that would have result in my death if your father have n't get cold foot at the last moment . there be nothing brave about what he do . he be save his own skin as much as mine . have their joke succeed , he would have be expel from Hogwarts . " Snape 's uneven , yellowish tooth be bare . " turn out your pocket , Potter ! " he spit suddenly . Harry do n't move . there be a pound in his ear . " turn out your pocket , or we go straight to the headmaster ! pull them out , Potter ! " cold with dread , Harry slowly pull out the bag of Zonko 's trick and the Marauder 's Map . snap pick up the Zonko 's bag . " Ron give them to me , " say Harry , pray he will get a chance to tip Ron off before Snape see him . " he bring them back from Hogsmeade last time - " " indeed ? and you have be carry them around ever since ? how very touching ... and what be this ? " Snape have pick up the map . Harry try with all his might to keep his face impassive . " spare bit of parchment , " he say with a shrug . Snape turn it over , his eye on Harry . " surely you do n't need such a very old piece of parchment ? " he say . " why do n't I just -- throw this away ? " his hand move toward the fire . " no ! " Harry say quickly . " so ! " say Snape , his long nostril quiver . " be this another treasure gift from Mr. Weasley ? or be it -- something else ? a letter , perhaps , write in invisible ink ? or -- instruction to get into Hogsmeade without pass the Dementors ? " Harry blink . Snape 's eye gleam . " let me see , let me see ... " he mutter , take out his wand and smooth the map out on his desk . " reveal your secret ! " he say , touch the wand to the parchment . nothing happen . Harry clench his hand to stop them from shake . " show yourself ! " Snape say , tap the map sharply . it stay blank . Harry be take deep , calming breath . " Professor Severus Snape , master of this school , command you to yield the information you conceal ! " Snape say , hit the map with his wand . as though an invisible hand be write upon it , word appear on the smooth surface of the map . " Mooney present his compliment to Professor Snape , and beg him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people 's business . " Snape freeze . Harry stare , dumbstruck , at the message . but the map do n't stop there . more writing be appear beneath the first . " Mr. Prongs agree with Mr. Mooney and would like to add that Professor Snape be an ugly git . " it would have be very funny if the situation have n't be so serious . and there be more ... " Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment that an idiot like that ever become a professor . " Harry close his eye in horror . when he have open them , the map have have its last word . " Mr. Wormtail bid Professor Snape good day , and advise him to wash his hair , the slimeball . " Harry wait for the blow to fall . " so ... " say Snape softly . " we will see about this ... " he stride across to his fire , seize a fistful of glitter powder from a jar on the fireplace , and throw it into the flame . " lupin ! " Snape call into the fire . " I want a word ! " utterly bewilder , Harry stare at the fire . a large shape have appear in it , revolve very fast . second later , Professor Lupin be clamber out of the fireplace , brush ash off his shabby robe . " you call , Severus ? " say Lupin mildly . " I certainly do , " say Snape , his face contort with fury as he stride back to his desk . " I have just ask Potter to empty his pocket . he be carry this . " Snape point at the parchment , on which the word of Messrs. Moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and prong be still shine . an odd , closed expression appear on Lupin 's face . " well ? " say Snape . lupin continue to stare at the map . Harry have the impression that Lupin be do some very quick thinking . " well ? " say Snape again . " this parchment be plainly full of Dark Magic . this be suppose to be your area of expertise , Lupin . where do you imagine Potter get such a thing ? " lupin look up and , by the merest half-glance in Harry 's direction , warn him not to interrupt . " full of Dark Magic ? " he repeat mildly . " do you really think so , Severus ? it look to me as though it be merely a piece of parchment that insult anybody who read it . childish , but surely not dangerous ? I imagine Harry get it from a joke shop - " " indeed ? " say Snape . his jaw have go rigid with anger . " you think a joke shop could supply him with such a thing ? you do n't think it more likely that he get it directly from the manufacturer ? " Harry do n't understand what Snape be talk about . nor , apparently , do Lupin . " you mean , by Mr. Wormtail or one of these people ? " he say . " Harry , do you know any of these man ? " " no , " say Harry quickly . " you see , Severus ? " say Lupin , turn back to Snape . " it look like a Zonko product to me - " right on cue , Ron come burst into the office . he be completely out of breath , and stop just short of Snape 's desk , clutch the stitch in his chest and try to speak . " I -- give -- Harry -- that -- stuff , " he choke . " buy -- it ... in Zonko 's ... age -- ago ... " " well ! " say Lupin , clap his hand together and look around cheerfully . " that seem to clear that up ! Severus , I will take this back , shall I ? " he fold the map and tuck it inside his robe . " Harry , Ron , come with me , I need a word about my vampire essay -- excuse us , Severus - " Harry do n't dare look at Snape as they leave his office . he . Ron , and Lupin walk all the way back into the entrance hall before speak . then Harry turn to Lupin . " professor , I - " " I do n't want to hear explanation , " say Lupin shortly . he glance around the empty entrance hall and lower his voice . " I happen to know that this map be confiscate by Mr. Filch many year ago . yes , I know it be a map , " he say as Harry and Ron look amazed . " I do n't want to know how it fall into your possession . I be , however , astound that you do n't hand it in . particularly after what happen the last time a student leave information about the castle lie around . and I ca n't let you have it back , Harry . " Harry have expect that , and be too keen for explanation to protest . " why do Snape think I will got it from the manufacturer ? " " because ... " Lupin hesitate , " because these mapmakers would have want to lure you out of school . they will think it extremely entertaining . " " do you know them ? " say Harry , impress . " we have meet , " he say shortly . he be look at Harry more seriously than ever before . " do n't expect me to cover up for you again , Harry . I can make you take Sirius Black seriously . but I would have think that what you have hear when the Dementors draw near you would have have more of an effect on you . your parent give their life to keep you alive , Harry . a poor way to repay them -- gamble their sacrifice for a bag of magic trick . " he walk away , leave Harry feel bad by far than he have at any point in Snape 's office . slowly , he and Ron mount the marble staircase . as Harry pass the one-eyed witch , he remember the Invisibility Cloak -- it be still down there , but he do n't dare go and get it . " it be my fault , " say Ron abruptly . " I persuade you to go . lupin 's right , it be stupid , we should n't have do it - " he break off ; they reach the corridor where the security troll be pace , and Hermione be walk toward them . one look at her face convince Harry that she have hear what have happen . his heart plummet -- have she tell Professor McGonagall ? " come to have a good gloat ? " say Ron savagely as she stop in front of them . " or have you just be to tell on us ? " " no , " say Hermione . she be hold a letter in her hand and her lip be tremble . " I just think you ought to know ... Hagrid lose his case . Buckbeak be go to be execute . " chapter FIFTEEN the Quidditch Final " he send me this , " Hermione say , hold out the letter . Harry take it . the parchment be damp , and enormous teardrop have smudge the ink so badly in place that it be very difficult to read . Dear Hermione , we lose . I be allow to bring him back to Hogwarts . execution date to be fix . beaky have enjoy London . I wo n't forget all the help you give us . Hagrid " they ca n't do this , " say Harry . " they ca n't . Buckbeak be n't dangerous . " " Malfoy 's dad be frighten the Committee into it , " say Hermione , wipe her eye . " you know what he be like . they be a bunch of doddery old fool , and they be scare . there will be an appeal , though , there always be . only I ca n't see any hope ... nothing will have change . " " yeah , it will , " say Ron fiercely . " you wo n't have to do all the work alone this time , Hermione . I will help . " " oh , Ron ! " Hermione fling her arm around Ron 's neck and break down completely . Ron , look quite terrify , pat her very awkwardly on the top of the head . finally , Hermione draw away . " Ron , I be really , really sorry about Scabbers ... " she sob . " oh -- well -- he be old , " say Ron , look thoroughly relieve that she have let go of him . " and he be a bit useless . you never know , Mum and Dad might get me an owl now . " the safety measure impose on the student since Black 's second break-in make it impossible for Harry , Ron , and Hermione to go and visit Hagrid in the evening . their only chance of talk to him be during Care of Magical Creatures lesson . he seem numb with shock at the verdict . " S'all my fault . get all tongue-tied . they be all sittin ' there in black robe an ' I kep ' droppin ' me note and forgettin ' all them date yeh look up fer me , Hermione . an ' then Lucius Malfoy stand up an ' say his bit , and the Committee jus ' do exac'ly what he tell ' em ... " " there be still the appeal ! " say Ron fiercely . " do n't give up yet , we be work on it ! " they be walk back up to the castle with the rest of the class . ahead they could see Malfoy , who be walk with Crabbe and Goyle , and keep look back , laugh derisively . " S'no good , Ron , " say Hagrid sadly as they reach the castle step . " that Committee 's in Lucius Malfoy 's pocket . I be jus ' gonna make sure the rest o ' Beaky 's time be the happy he have ever have . I owe him that ... " Hagrid turn around and hurry back toward his cabin , his face bury in his handkerchief . " look at him blubber ! " Malfoy , Crabbe , and Goyle have be stand just inside the castle door , listen . " have you ever see anything quite as pathetic ? " say Malfoy . " and he be suppose to be our teacher ! " Harry and Ron both make furious move toward Malfoy , but Hermione get there first -- Smack ! she have slap Malfoy across the face with all the strength she could muster . Malfoy stagger . Harry , Ron , Crabbe , and Goyle stand flabbergast as Hermione raise her hand again . " do n't you dare call Hagrid pathetic , you foul -- you evil - " " Hermione ! " say Ron weakly , and he try to grab her hand as she swing it back . " get off , Ron ! " Hermione pull out her wand . Malfoy step backward . Crabbe and Goyle look at him for instruction , thoroughly bewilder . " C'mon . " Malfoy mutter , and in a moment , all three of them have disappear into the passageway to the dungeon . " Hermione ! " Ron say again , sound both stun and impress . " Harry , you will well beat him in the Quidditch final ! " Hermione say shrilly . " you just good have , because I ca n't stand it if Slytherin win ! " " we be due in Charms , " say Ron , still goggle at Hermione . " we will well go . " they hurry up the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwick 's classroom . " you be late , boy ! " say Professor Flitwick reprovingly as Harry open the classroom door . " come along , quickly , wand out , we be experiment with Cheering Charms today , we have already divide into pair - " Harry and Ron hurry to a desk at the back and open their bag . Ron look behind him . " where be Hermione go ? " Harry look around too . Hermione have n't enter the classroom , yet Harry know she have be right next to him when he have open the door . " that be weird , " say Harry , stare at Ron . " maybe -- maybe she go to the bathroom or something ? " but Hermione do n't turn up all lesson . " she could have do with a Cheering Charm on her too , " say Ron as the class leave for lunch , all grin broadly -- the Cheering Charms have leave them with a feeling of great contentment . Hermione be n't at lunch either . by the time they have finish their apple pie , the after-effect of the Cheering Charms be wear off , and Harry and Ron have start to get slightly worried . " you do n't think Malfoy do something to her ? " Ron say anxiously as they hurry upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower . they pass the security troll , give the Fat Lady the password ( " Flibbertigibbet " ) , and scramble through the portrait hole into the common room . Hermione be sit at a table , fast asleep , her head rest on an open Arithmancy book . they go to sit down on either side of her . Harry prod her awake . " Wh -- what ? " say Hermione , wake with a start and stare wildly around . " be it time to go ? W -- which lesson have we get now ? " " divination , but it be not for another twenty minute , " say Harry . " Hermione , why do n't you come to charm ? " " what ? oh no ! " Hermione squeak . " I forget to go to Charms ! " " but how could you forget ? " say Harry . " you be with us till we be right outside the classroom ! " " I do n't believe it ! " Hermione wail . " be Professor Flitwick angry ? oh , it be Malfoy , I be think about him and I lose track of thing ! " " you know what , Hermione ? " say Ron , look down at the enormous Arithmancy book Hermione have be use as a pillow . " I reckon you be crack up . you be try to do too much . " " no , I be not ! " say Hermione , brush her hair out of her eye and stare hopelessly around for her bag . " I just make a mistake , that be all ! I will well go and see Professor Flitwick and say sorry ... I will see you in Divination ! " Hermione join them at the foot of the ladder to Professor Trelawney 's classroom twenty minute later , look extremely harass . " I ca n't believe I miss Cheering Charms ! and I bet they come up in our exam ; Professor Flitwick hint they might ! " together they climb the ladder into the dim , stifling tower room . glow on every little table be a crystal ball full of pearly white mist . Harry , Ron , and Hermione sit down together at the same rickety table . " I think we be n't start crystal ball until next term , " Ron mutter , cast a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney , in case she be lurk nearby . " do n't complain , this mean we have finish palmistry , " Harry mutter back . " I be get sick of her flinch every time she look at my hand . " " good day to you ! " say the familiar , misty voice , and Professor Trelawney make her usual dramatic entrance out of the shadow . Parvati and Lavender quiver with excitement , their face light by the milky glow of their crystal ball . " I have decide to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than I have plan , " say Professor Trelawney , sit with her back to the fire and gaze around . " the fate have inform me that your examination in June will concern the Orb , and I be anxious to give you sufficient practice . " Hermione snort . " well , honestly ... ' the fate have inform her ' . who set the exam ? she do ! what an amazing prediction ! " she say , not trouble to keep her voice low . Harry and Ron choke back laugh . it be hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney have hear them as her face be hide in shadow . she continue , however , as though she have not . " crystal gaze be a particularly refined art , " she say dreamily . " I do not expect any of you to see when first you peer into the Orb 's infinite depth . we shall start by practice relax the conscious mind and external eye - " Ron begin to snigger uncontrollably and have to stuff his fist in his mouth to stifle the noise -- " so as to clear the Inner Eye and the superconscious . perhaps , if we be lucky , some of you will see before the end of the class . " and so they begin . Harry , at least , feel extremely foolish , stare blankly at the crystal ball , try to keep his mind empty when thought such as " this be stupid " keep drift across it . it do n't help that Ron keep break into silent giggle and Hermione keep tut . " see anything yet ? " Harry ask them after a quarter of an hour 's quiet crystal gaze . " yeah , there be a burn on this table , " say Ron , point . " someone have spill their candle . " " this be such a waste of time , " Hermione hiss . " I could be practice something useful . I could be catch up on Cheering Charms - " Professor Trelawney rustle past . " would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy portent within their orb ? " she murmur over the clink of her bangle . " I do n't need help , " Ron whisper . " it be obvious what this mean . there be go to be load of fog tonight . " both Harry and Hermione burst out laugh . " now , really ! " say Professor Trelawney as everyone 's head turn in their direction . Parvati and Lavender be look scandalize . " you be disturb the clairvoyant vibrations ! " she approach their table and peer into their crystal ball . Harry feel his heart sinking . he be sure he know what be come - " there be something here ! " Professor Trelawney whisper , lower her face to the ball , so that it be reflect twice in her huge glass . " something move ... but what be it ? " Harry be prepare to bet everything he own , include his Firebolt , that it be n't good news , whatever it be . and sure enough - " my dear , " Professor Trelawney breathe , gaze up at Harry . " it be here , plain than ever before ... my dear , stalk toward you , grow ever close ... the Gr - " " oh , for goodness ' sake ! " say Hermione loudly . " not that ridiculous Grim again ! " Professor Trelawney raise her enormous eye to Hermione 's face . Parvati whisper something to Lavender , and they both glare at Hermione too . Professor Trelawney stand up , survey Hermione with unmistakable anger . " I be sorry to say that from the moment you have arrive in this class my dear , it have be apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination require . indeed , I do n't remember ever meet a student whose mind be so hopelessly mundane . " there be a moment 's silence . then -- " Fine ! " say Hermione suddenly , get up and cram Unfogging the future back into her bag . " fine ! " she repeat , swing the bag over her shoulder and almost knock Ron off his chair . " I give up ! I be leave ! " and to the whole class 's amazement , Hermione stride over to the trapdoor , kick it open , and climb down the ladder out of sight . it take a few minute for the class to settle down again . Professor Trelawney seem to have forget all about the Grim . she turn abruptly from Harry and Ron 's table , breathe rather heavily as she tug her gauzy shawl more closely to her . " Ooooo ! " say Lavender suddenly , make everyone start . " Ooooo , Professor Trelawney , I have just remember ! you see her leaving , do n't you ? do n't you , Professor ? ' around Easter , one of our number will leave us forever ! ' you say it age ago , Professor ! " Professor Trelawney give her a dewy smile . " yes , my dear , I do indeed know that Miss Granger would be leave us . one hope , however , that one might have mistake the sign ... the Inner Eye can be a burden , you know ... " Lavender and Parvati look deeply impress , and move over so that Professor Trelawney could join their table instead . " some day Hermione be have , eh ? " Ron mutter to Harry , look awe . " yeah ... " Harry glance into the crystal ball but see nothing but swirling white mist . have Professor Trelawney really see the Grim again ? would he ? the last thing he need be another nearfatal accident , with the Quidditch final drawing ever near . the Easter holiday be not exactly relaxing . the third year have never have so much homework . Neville Longbottom seem close to a nervous collapse , and he be n't the only one . " call this a holiday ! " Seamus Finnigan roar at the common room one afternoon . " the exam be age away , what be they play at ? " but nobody have as much to do as Hermione . even without divination , she be take more subject than anybody else . she be usually last to leave the common room at night , first to arrive at the library the next morning ; she have shadow like Lupin 's under her eye , and seem constantly close to tear . Ron have take over responsibility for Buckbeak 's appeal . when he be n't do his own work , he be pore over enormously thick volume with name like the handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul ? a study of Hippogriff Brutality . he be so absorb , he even forget to be horrible to Crookshanks . Harry , meanwhile , have to fit in his homework around Quidditch practice every day , not to mention endless discussion of tactic with Wood . the Gryffindor-Slytherin match would take place on the first Saturday after the Easter holiday . Slytherin be lead the tournament by exactly two hundred point . this mean ( as Wood constantly remind his team ) that they need to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup . it also mean that the burden of win fall largely on Harry , because capture the Snitch be worth one hundred and fifty point . " so you must catch it only if we be more than fifty point up , " Wood tell Harry constantly . " only if we be more than fifty point up , Harry , or we win the match but lose the Cup . you have get that , have n't you ? you must catch the Snitch only if we be - " " I Know , Oliver ! " Harry yell . the whole of Gryffindor House be obsess with the come match . Gryffindor have n't win the Quidditch Cup since the legendary Charlie Weasley ( Ron 's second old brother ) have be Seeker . but Harry doubt whether any of them , even Wood , want to win as much as he do . the enmity between Harry and Malfoy be at its high point ever . Malfoy be still smart about the mud-throwing incident in Hogsmeade and be even more furious that Harry have somehow worm his way out of punishment . Harry have n't forget Malfoy 's attempt to sabotage him in the match against Ravenclaw , but it be the matter of Buckbeak that make him most determine to beat Malfoy in front of the entire school . never , in anyone 's memory , have a match approach in such a highly charge atmosphere . by the time the holiday be over , tension between the two team and their house be at the breaking point . a number of small scuffle break out in the corridor , culminate in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year end up in the hospital wing with leek sprout out of their ear . Harry be have a particularly bad time of it . he could n't walk to class without Slytherins stick out their leg and try to trip him up ; Crabbe and Goyle keep pop up wherever he go , and slouch away look disappointed when they see him surround by people . Wood have give instruction that Harry should be accompany everywhere he go , in case the Slytherins try to put him out of action . the whole of Gryffindor House take up the challenge enthusiastically , so that it be impossible for Harry to get to class on time because he be surround by a vast , chatter crowd . Harry be more concern for his Firebolt 's safety than his own . when he be n't fly it , he lock it securely in his trunk and frequently dash back up to Gryffindor Tower at break time to check that it be still there . all usual pursuit be abandon in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match . even Hermione have put down her book . " I ca n't work , I ca n't concentrate , " she say nervously . there be a great deal of noise . Fred and George Weasley be deal with the pressure by be loud and more exuberant than ever . Oliver Wood be crouch over a model of a Quidditch field in the corner , prod little figure across it with his wand and mutter to himself Angelina , Alicia , and Katie be laugh at Fred 's and George 's joke . Harry be sit with Ron and Hermione , remove from the center of thing , try not to think about the next day , because every time he do , he have the horrible sensation that something very large be fight to get out of his stomach . " you be go to be fine , " Hermione tell him , though she look positively terrify . " you have get a Firebolt ! " say Ron . " yeah ... " say Harry , his stomach writhe . it come as a relief when Wood suddenly stand up and yell , " Team ! bed ! " Harry sleep badly . first he dream that he have oversleep , and that Wood be yell , " where be you ? we have to use Neville instead ! " then he dream that Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team arrive for the match ride dragon . he be fly at breakneck speed , try to avoid a spurt of flame from Malfoy 's steed 's mouth , when he realize he have forget his Firebolt . he fall through the air and wake with a start . it be a few second before Harry remember that the match have n't take place yet , that he be safe in bed , and that the Slytherin team definitely would n't be allow to play on dragon . he be feel very thirsty . quietly as he could , he get out of his four-poster and go to pour himself some water from the silver jug beneath the window . the ground be still and quiet . no breath of wind disturb the treetop in the Forbidden Forest ; the Whomping Willow be motionless and innocent-looking . it look as though the condition for the match would be perfect . Harry set down his goblet and be about to turn back to his bed when something catch his eye . an animal of some kind be prowl across the silvery lawn . Harry dash to his bedside table , snatch up his glass , and put them on , then hurry back to the window . it could n't be the Grim -- not now -- not right before the match - he peer out at the ground again and , after a minute 's frantic search , spot it . it be skirt the edge of the forest now ... it be n't the Grim at all ... it be a cat ... Harry clutch the window ledge in relief as he recognize the bottlebrush tail . it be only Crookshanks ... or be it only Crookshanks ? Harry squint , press his nose flat against the glass . Crookshanks seem to have come to a halt . Harry be sure he could see something else move in the shadow of the tree too . and just then , it emerge -- a gigantic , shaggy black dog , move stealthily across the lawn , Crookshanks trot at its side . Harry stare . what do this mean ? if Crookshanks could see the dog as well , how could it be an omen of Harry 's death ? " Ron ! " Harry hiss . " Ron ! wake up ! " " Huh ? " " I need you to tell me if you can see something ! " " S'all dark , Harry , " Ron mutter thickly . " what be you on about ? " " down here - " Harry look quickly back out of the window . Crookshanks and the dog have vanish . Harry climb onto the windowsill to look right down into the shadow of the castle , but they be n't there . where have they go ? a loud snore tell him Ron have fall asleep again . Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team enter the Great Hall the next day to enormous applause . Harry could n't help grin broadly as he see that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff table be applaud them too . the Slytherin table hiss loudly as they pass . Harry notice that Malfoy look even pale than usual . Wood spend the whole of breakfast urge his team to eat , while touch nothing himself . then he hurry them off to the field before anyone else have finish , so they could get an idea of the condition . as they leave the Great Hall , everyone applaud again . " good luck , Harry ! " call Cho . Harry feel himself blush . " okay -- no wind to speak of -- sun be a bit bright , that could impair your vision , watch out for it -- ground be fairly hard , good , that will give us a fast kickoff - " Wood pace the field , stare around with the team behind him . finally , they see the front door of the castle open in the distance and the rest of the school spill onto the lawn . " Locker room , " say Wood tersely . none of them speak as they change into their scarlet robe . Harry wonder if they be feel like he be : as though he have eat something extremely wriggly for breakfast . in what seem like no time at all , Wood be say , " Okay , it be time , let be go - " they walk out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise . three quarter of the crowd be wear scarlet rosette , wave scarlet flag with the Gryffindor lion upon them , or brandish banner with slogan like " Go GRYFFINDOR ! " and " lion for the Cup . " behind the Slytherin goal post , however , two hundred people be wear green ; the silver serpent of Slytherin glitter on their flag , and Professor Snape sit in the very front row , wear green like everyone else , and a very grim smile . " and here be the Gryffindors ! " yell Lee Jordan , who be act as commentator as usual . " Potter , Bell , Johnson , Spinnet , Weasley , Weasley , and Wood . widely acknowledge as the good team Hogwarts have see in a good few year - " Lee 's comment be drown by a tide of ' boo ' from the Slytherin end . " and here come the Slytherin team , lead by Captain Flint . he have make some change in the lineup and seem to be go for size rather than skill - " more boo from the Slytherin crowd . Harry , however , think Lee have a point . Malfoy be easily the small person on the Slytherin team ; the rest of them be enormous . " captain , shake hand ! " say Madam Hooch . Flint and Wood approach each other and grasp each other 's hand very tightly ; it look as though each be try to break the other 's finger . " mount your broom ! " say Madam Hooch . " three ... two ... one ... " the sound of her whistle be lose in the roar from the crowd as fourteen broom rise into the air . Harry feel his hair fly back off his forehead ; his nerve leave him in the thrill of the flight ; he glance around , see Malfoy on his tail , and speed off in search of the Snitch . " and it be Gryffindor in possession , Alicia Spinner of Gryffindor with the Quaffle , head straight for the Slytherin goal post , look good , Alicia ! Argh , no -- Quaffle intercept by Warrington , Warrington of Slytherin tear up the field -- WHAM ! -- nice Bludger work there by George Weasley , Warrington drop the Quaffle , it be catch by -- Johnson , Gryffindor back in possession , come on , Angelina -- nice swerve around Montague -- duck , Angelina , that be a Bludger ! - SHE SCORES ! TEN-ZERO To GRYFFINDOR ! " Angelina punch the air as she soar around the end of the field ; the sea of scarlet below be scream its delight " Ouch ! " Angelina be nearly throw from her broom as Marcus Flint go smash into her . " sorry ! " say Flint as the crowd below boo . " sorry , do n't see her ! " a moment later , Fred Weasley chuck his Beater 's club at the back of Flint 's head . Flint 's nose smash into the handle of his broom and begin to bleed . " that will do ! " shriek Madam Hooch , zoom between then . " penalty shot to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their chaser ! penalty shoot to Slytherin for deliberate damage to their chaser ! " " come off it , Miss ! " howl Fred , but Madam Hooch blow her whistle and Alicia fly forward to take the penalty . " come on , Alicia ! " yell Lee into the silence that have descend on the crowd . " yes ! she be BEATEN the KEEPER ! TWENTY-ZERO To GRYFFINDOR ! " Harry turn the Firebolt sharply to watch Flint , still bleed freely , fly forward to take the Slytherin penalty . wood be hover in front of the Gryffindor goal post , his jaw clench . " ' Course , Wood be a superb Keeper ! " Lee Jordan tell the crowd as Flint wait for Madam Hooch 's whistle . " superb ! very difficult to pass -- very difficult indeed -- YES ! I do N'T BELIEVE it ! he be SAVED it ! " relieve , Harry zoom away , gaze around for the Snitch , but still make sure he catch every word of Lee 's commentary . it be essential that he hold Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor be more than fifty point up - " Gryffindor in possession , no , Slytherin in possession -- no ! Gryffindor back in possession and it be Katie Bell , Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle , she be streak up the field -- THAT WAS DELIBERATE ! " Montague , a Slytherin Chaser , have swerve in front of Katie , and instead of seize the Quaffle have grab her head . Katie cart-wheeled in the air , manage to stay on her broom , but drop the Quaffle . madam Hooch 's whistle ring out again as she soar over to Montague and begin shout at him . a minute later , Katie have put another penalty past the Slytherin Seeker . " THIRTY-ZERO ! take THAT , you dirty , cheat - " " Jordan , if you ca n't commentate in an unbiased way - " " I be tell it like it be , Professor ! " Harry feel a huge jolt of excitement . he have see the Snitch -- it be shimmer at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goal post -- but he must n't catch it yet -- and if Malfoy see it - fake a look of sudden concentration , Harry pull his Firebolt around and speed off toward the Slytherin end -- it work . Malfoy go hare after him , clearly think Harry have see the Snitch there ... WHOOSH . one of the Bludgers come streak past Harry 's right ear , hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater , Derrick . then again ... WHOOSH . the second Bludger graze Harry 's elbow . the other Beater , Bole , be close in . Harry have a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zoom toward him , club raise -- he turn the Firebolt upward at the last second , and Bole and Derrick collide with a sickening crunch . " Ha haaa ! " yell Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurch away from each other , clutch their head . " too bad , boy ! you will need to get up earlier than that to beat a Firebolt ! and it be Gryffindor in possession again , as Johnson take the Quaffle -- Flint alongside her -- poke him in the eye , Angelina ! -- it be a joke , Professor , it be a joke -- oh no -- Flint in possession , Flint fly toward the Gryffindor goal post , come on now , Wood , save - ! " but Flint have score ; there be an eruption of cheer from the Slytherin end , and Lee swear so badly that Professor McGonagall try to tug the magical megaphone away from him . " sorry , Professor , sorry ! wo n't happen again ! so , Gryffindor in the lead , thirty point to ten , and Gryffindor in possession - " it be turn into the dirty game Harry have ever play in . enrage that Gryffindor have take such an early lead , the Slytherins be rapidly resort to any mean to take the Quaffle . Bole hit Alicia with his club and try to say he have think she be a Bludger . George Weasley elbow Bole in the face in retaliation . madam Hooch award both team penalty , and Wood pull off another spectacular save , make the score forty-ten to Gryffindor . the Snitch have disappear again . Malfoy be still keep close to Harry as he soar over the match , look around for it once Gryffindor be fifty point ahead - Katie score . Fifty-ten . Fred and George Weasley be swoop around her , club raise , in case any of the Slytherins be think of revenge . Bole and Derrick take advantage of Fred 's and George 's absence to aim both Bludgers at Wood ; they catch him in the stomach , one after the other , and he roll over in the air , clutch his broom , completely wind . madam Hooch be beside herself - " you do NOT Attack THE KEEPER UNLESS THE QUAFFLE be WITHIN THE Scoring Area ! " she shriek at Bole and Derrick . " Gryffindor penalty ! " and Angelina score . Sixty-ten . moment later , Fred Weasley pelt a Bludger at Warrington , knock the Quaffle out of his hand ; Alicia seize it and put it through the Slytherin goal -- seventy-ten . the Gryffindor crowd below be scream itself hoarse -- Gryffindor be sixty point in the lead , and if Harry catch the Snitch now , the Cup be theirs . Harry could almost feel hundred of eye follow him as he soar around the field , high above the rest of the game , with Malfoy speed along behind him . and then he see it . the Snitch be sparkling twenty foot above him . Harry put on a huge burst of speed ; the wind be roar in his ear ; he stretch out his hand , but suddenly , the Firebolt be slow down - Horrified , he look around . Malfoy have throw himself forward , grab hold of the Firebolt 's tail , and be pull it back . " you - " Harry be angry enough to hit Malfoy , but could n't reach -- Malfoy be pant with the effort of holding onto the Firebolt , but his eye be sparkle maliciously . he have achieve what he have want to do -- the Snitch have disappear again . " penalty ! penalty to Gryffindor ! I have never see such tactic . " madam Hooch screech , shoot up to where Malfoy be slide back onto his Nimbus Two Thousand and One . " you CHEATING SCUM ! " Lee Jordan be howl into the megaphone , dance out of Professor McGonagall 's reach . " you filthy , CHEATING B - " Professor McGonagall do n't even bother to tell him off . she be actually shake her finger in Malfoy 's direction , her hat have fall off , and she too be shout furiously . Alicia take Gryffindor 's penalty , but she be so angry she miss by several foot . the Gryffindor team be lose concentration and the Slytherins , delight by Malfoy 's foul on Harry , be be spur on to great height . " Slytherin in possession , Slytherin head for goal -- Montague score - " Lee groan . " Seventy-twenty to Gryffindor ... " Harry be now mark Malfoy so closely their knee keep hit each other . Harry be n't go to let Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch ... " get out of it , Potter ! " Malfoy yell in frustration as he try to turn and find Harry block him . " Angelina Johnson get the Quaffle for Gryffindor , come on , Angelina , Come ON ! " Harry look around . every single Slytherin player apart from Malfoy be streak up the pitch toward Angelina , include the Slytherin Keeper -- they be all go to block her -- Harry wheel the Firebolt around , bend so low he be lie flat along the handle , and kick it forward . like a bullet , he shoot toward the Slytherins . " AAAAAAARRRGH ! " they scatter as the Firebolt zoom toward them ; Angelina 's way be clear . " she SCORES ! she SCORES ! Gryffindor lead by eighty Points to twenty ! " Harry , who have almost pelt headlong into the stand , skid to a halt in midair , reverse , and zoom back into the middle of the field . and then he see something to make his heart stand still . Malfoy be diving , a look of triumph on his face -- there , a few foot above the grass below , be a tiny , golden glimmer - Harry urge the Firebolt downward , but Malfoy be mile ahead - " go ! go ! go ! " Harry urge his broom . he be gain on Malfoy -- Harry flatten himself to the broom handle as Bole send a Bludger at him -- he be at Malfoy 's ankle -- he be level - Harry throw himself forward , take both hand off his broom . he knock Malfoy 's arm out of the way and - " YES ! " he pull out of his dive , his hand in the air , and the stadium explode . Harry soar above the crowd , an odd ringing in his ear . the tiny golden ball be hold tight in his fist , beat its wing hopelessly against his finger . then Wood be speed toward him , half-blinded by tear ; he seize Harry around the neck and sob unrestrainedly into his shoulder . Harry feel two large thump as Fred and George hit them ; then Angelina 's , Alicia 's , and Katie 's voice , " we have win the Cup ! we have win the Cup ! " tangle together in a many-armed hug , the Gryffindor team sink , yell hoarsely , back to earth . wave upon wave of crimson supporter be pour over the barrier onto the field . hand be rain down on their back . Harry have a confused impression of noise and body press in on him . then he , and the rest of the team , be hoist onto the shoulder of the crowd . thrust into the light , he see Hagrid , plastered with crimson rosette -- " Yeh beat ' em , Harry , yeh beat ' em ! wait till I tell Buckbeak ! " there be Percy , jump up and down like a maniac , all dignity forget . Professor McGonagall be sob harder even than Wood , wipe her eye with an enormous Gryffindor flag ; and there , fight their way toward Harry , be Ron and Hermione . word fail them . they simply beam as Harry be bear toward the stand , where Dumbledore stand wait with the enormous Quidditch Cup . if only there have be a Dementor around ... as a sob Wood pass Harry the Cup , as he lift it into the air , Harry feel he could have produce the world 's good Patronus . chapter SIXTEEN Professor Trelawney 's Prediciton Harry 's euphoria at finally win the Quidditch Cup last at least a week . even the weather seem to be celebrate ; as June approach , the day become cloudless and sultry , and all anybody feel like do be stroll onto the ground and flop down on the grass with several pint of iced pumpkin juice , perhaps play a casual game of Gobstones or watch the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake . but they could n't . exam be nearly upon them , and instead of laze around outside , the student be force to remain inside the castle , try to bully their brain into concentrate while entice waft of summer air drift in through the window . even Fred and George Weasley have be spot work ; they be about to take their O.W.L.s ( Ordinary Wizarding Levels ) . Percy be get ready to take his N.E.W.T.s ( Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests ) , the high qualification Hogwarts offer . as Percy hope to enter the Ministry of Magic , he need top grade . he be become increasingly edgy , and give very severe punishment to anybody who disturb the quiet of the common room in the evening . in fact , the only person who seem more anxious than Percy be Hermione . Harry and Ron have give up ask her how she be manage to attend several class at once , but they could n't restrain themselves when they see the exam schedule she have draw up for herself . the first column read : Monday @card@ o'clock , Arithmancy @card@ o'clock , Transfiguration Lunch @card@ o'clock , Charms @card@ o'clock , Ancient Runes " Hermione ? " Ron say cautiously , because she be liable to explode when interrupted these day . " er -- be you sure you have copy down these time right ? " " what ? " snap Hermione , pick up the exam schedule and examine it . " yes , of course I have . " " be there any point asking how you be go to sit for two exam at once ? " say Harry . " no , " say Hermione shortly . " have either of you see my copy of Numerology and Gramatica ? " " oh , yeah , I borrow it for a bit of bedtime reading , " say Ron , but very quietly . Hermione start shift heap of parchment . Harry , Ron , and Hermione have plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid . " beaky be gettin ' a bit depress , " Hagrid tell them , bend low on the pretense of check that Harry 's flobberworm be still alive . " Bin coop up too long . but still ... we will know day after tomorrow -- one way or the other - " they have potion that afternoon , which be an unqualified disaster . try as Harry might , he could n't get his Confusing Concoction to thicken , and Snape , stand watch with an air of vindictive pleasure , scribble something that look suspiciously like a zero onto his note before move away . then come astronomy at midnight , up on the tall tower ; history of Magic on Wednesday morning , in which Harry scribble everything Florean Fortescue have ever tell him about medieval witch-hunt , while wish he could have have one of Fortescue 's choconut sundae with him in the stifling classroom . Wednesday afternoon mean Herbology , in the greenhouse under a baking-hot sun ; then back to the common room once more , with sunburnt neck , think longingly of this time next day , when it would all be over . their second to last exam , on Thursday morning , be defense against the Dark Arts . Professor Lupin have compile the most unusual exam any of them have ever take ; a sort of obstacle course outside in the sun , where they have to wade across a deep paddle pool contain a Grindylow , cross a series of pothole full of Red Caps , squish their way across a patch of marsh while ignore mislead direction from a Hinkypunk , then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new Boggart . " excellent , Harry , " Lupin mutter as Harry climb out of the trunk , grin . " full mark . " flush with his success , Harry hang around to watch Ron and Hermione . Ron do very well until he reach the Hinkypunk , which successfully confuse him into sink waist-high into the quagmire . Hermione do everything perfectly until she reach the trunk with the Boggart in it . after about a minute inside it , she burst out again , scream . " Hermione ! " say Lupin , startle . " what be the matter ? " " P-P-Professor McGonagall ! " Hermione gasp , point into the trunk . " Sh-she say I have fail everything ! " it take a little while to calm Hermione down . when at last she have regain a grip on herself , she , Harry , and Ron go back to the castle . Ron be still slightly incline to laugh at Hermione 's Boggart , but an argument be avert by the sight that meet them on the top of the step . Cornelius Fudge , sweat slightly in his pinstriped cloak , be stand there stare out at the ground . he start at the sight of Harry . " hello there , Harry ! " he say . " just have an exam , I expect ? nearly finish ? " " yes , " say Harry . Hermione and Ron , not be on speak term with the Minister of Magic , hover awkwardly in the background . " lovely day , " say Fudge , cast an eye over the lake . " pity ... pity ... " he sigh deeply and look down at Harry . " I be here on an unpleasant mission , Harry . the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous creature require a witness to the execution of a mad Hippogriff . as I need to visit Hogwarts to check on the Black situation , I be ask to step in . " " do that mean the appeal be already happen ? " Ron interrupt , step forward . " no , no , it be schedule for this afternoon , " say Fudge , look curiously at Ron . " then you might not have to witness an execution at all ! " say Ron stoutly . " the Hippogriff might get off ! " before Fudge could answer , two wizard come through the castle door behind him . one be so ancient he appear to be wither before their very eye ; the other be tall and strapping , with a thin back mustache . Harry gather that they be representative of the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous creature , because the very old wizard squint toward Hagrid 's cabin and say in a feeble voice , " Dear , dear , I be get too old for this ... Two o'clock , be n't it , Fudge ? " the black-mustached man be finger something in his belt ; Harry look and see that he be run one broad thumb along the blade of a shine axe . Ron open his mouth to say something , but Hermione nudge him hard in the rib and jerk her head toward the entrance hall . " why will you stop me ? " say Ron angrily as they enter the Great Hall for lunch . " do you see them ? they have even get the axe ready ! this be n't justice ! " " Ron , your dad work for the Ministry , you ca n't go say thing like that to his boss ! " say Hermione , but she too look very upset . " as long as Hagrid keep his head this time , and argue his case properly , they ca n't possibly execute Buckbeak ... " but Harry could tell Hermione do n't really believe what she be say . all around them , people be talk excitedly as they eat their lunch , happily anticipate the end of the exam that afternoon , but Harry , Ron , and Hermione , lose in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak , do n't join in . Harry 's and Ron 's last exam be Divination ; Hermione 's , Muggle Studies . they walk up the marble staircase together ; Hermione leave them on the first floor and Harry and Ron proceed all the way up to the seventh , where many of their class be sit on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawney 's classroom , try to cram in a bit of last-minute study . " she be see us all separately , " Neville inform them as they go to sit down next to him . he have his copy of Unfogging the future open on his lap at the page devote to crystal gaze . " have either of you ever see anything in a crystal ball ? " he ask them unhappily . " Nope , " say Ron in an offhand voice . he keep check his watch ; Harry know that he be count down the time until Buckbeak 's appeal start . the line of people outside the classroom shorten very slowly . as each person climb back down the silver ladder , the rest of the class hiss , " what do she ask ? be it okay ? " but they all refuse to say . " she say the crystal ball have tell her that if I tell you , I will have a horrible accident ! " squeak Neville as he clamber back down the ladder toward Harry and Ron , who have now reach the landing . " that be convenient , " snort Ron . " you know , I be start to think Hermione be right about her " -- he jab his thumb toward the trapdoor overhead -- " she be a right old fraud . " " yeah , " say Harry , look at his own watch . it be now two o'clock . " wish she will hurry up ... " Parvati come back down the ladder glow with pride . " she say I have get all the makings of a true seer , " she inform Harry and Ron . " I see load of stuff ... well , good luck ! " she hurry off down the spiral staircase toward Lavender . " Ronald Weasley , " say the familiar , misty voice from over their head . Ron grimace at Harry and climb the silver ladder out of sight . Harry be now the only person leave to be test . he settle himself on the floor with his back against the wall , listen to a fly buzz in the sunny window , his mind across the ground with Hagrid . finally , after about twenty minute , Ron 's large foot reappear on the ladder . " how will it go ? " Harry ask him , stand up . " rubbish , " say Ron . " could n't see a thing , so I make some stuff up . do n't think she be convince , though ... " " meet you in the common room , " Harry mutter as Professor Trelawney 's voice call , " Harry Potter ! " the tower room be hot than ever before ; the curtain be close , the fire be alight , and the usual sickly scent make Harry cough as he stumble through the clutter of chair and table to where Professor Trelawney sit wait for him before a large crystal ball . " good day , my dear , " she say softly . " if you would kindly gaze into the Orb ... take your time , now ... then tell me what you see within it ... " Harry bend over the crystal ball and stare , stare as hard as he could , will it to show him something other than swirl white fog , but nothing happen . " well ? " Professor Trelawney prompt delicately . " what do you see ? " the heat be overpowering and his nostril be sting with the perfume smoke waft from the fire beside them . he think of what Ron have just say , and decide to pretend . " er - " say Harry , " a dark shape ... um ... " " what do it resemble ? " whisper Professor Trelawney . " think , now ... " Harry cast his mind around and it land on Buckbeak . " a Hippogriff , " he say firmly . " indeed ! " whisper Professor Trelawney , scribble keenly on the parchment perch upon her knee . " my boy , you may well be see the outcome of poor Hagrid 's trouble with the Ministry of Magic ! look closer ... do the Hippogriff appear to ... have its head ? " " yes , " say Harry firmly . " be you sure ? " Professor Trelawney urge him . " be you quite sure , dear ? you do n't see it writhe on the ground , perhaps , and a shadowy figure raise an axe behind it ? " " no ! " say Harry , start to feel slightly sick . " no blood ? no weeping Hagrid ? " " no ! " say Harry again , want more than ever to leave the room and the heat . " it look fine , it be -- fly away ... " Professor Trelawney sigh . " well , dear , I think we will leave it there ... a little disappointing ... but I be sure you do your good . " relieve , Harry get up , pick up his bag and turn to go , but then a loud , harsh voice speak behind him . " it Will HAPPEN Tonight . " Harry wheel around . Professor Trelawney have go rigid in her armchair ; her eye be unfocused and her mouth sagging . " S -- sorry ? " say Harry . but Professor Trelawney do n't seem to hear him . her eye start to roll . Harry sit there in a panic . she look as though she be about to have some sort of seizure . he hesitate , think of run to the hospital wing -- and then Professor Trelawney speak again , in the same harsh voice , quite unlike her own : " the Dark Lord Lies ALONE and FRIENDLESS , ABANDONED By HIS FOLLOWERS . his servant have Been CHAINED THESE Twelve year . tonight , BEFORE MIDNIGHT ... the Servant Will BREAK Free and SET Out To REJOIN HIS Master . the Dark Lord Will Rise Again WITH HIS Servant 's aid , Greater and More TERRIBLE Than EVER He WAS . tonight ... BEFORE MIDNIGHT ... THE Servant ... Will SET Out ... To REJOIN ... HIS Master ... " Professor Trelawney 's head fall forward onto her chest . she make a grunt sort of noise . Harry sit there , stare at her . then , quite suddenly , Professor Trelawney 's head snap up again . " I be so sorry , dear boy , " she say dreamily , " the heat of the day , you know ... I drift off for a moment ... " Harry sit there , stare at her . " be there anything wrong , my dear ? " " you -- you just tell me that the -- the Dark Lord be go to rise again ... that his servant be go to go back to him . " Professor Trelawney look thoroughly startle . " the Dark Lord ? He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named ? my dear boy , that be hardly something to joke about ... rise again , indeed - " " but you just say it ! you say the Dark Lord - " " I think you must have doze off too , dear ! " say Professor Trelawney . " I would certainly not presume to predict anything quite as far-fetched as that ! " Harry climb back down the ladder and the spiral staircase , wonder ... have he just hear Professor Trelawney make a real prediction ? or have that be her idea of an impressive end to the test ? five minute later he be dash past the security troll outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower , Professor Trelawney 's word still resounding in his head . people be stride past him in the opposite direction , laugh and joke , head for the ground and a bit of long-awaited freedom ; by the time he have reach the portrait hole and enter the common room , it be almost desert . over in the corner , however , sit Ron and Hermione . " Professor Trelawney , " Harry pant , " just tell me - " but he stop abruptly at the sight of their face . " Buckbeak lose , " say Ron weakly . " Hagrid 's just send this . " Hagrid 's note be dry this time , no tear have splatter it , yet his hand seem to have shake so much as he write that it be hardly legible . lose appeal . they be go to execute at sunset . nothing you can do . do n't come down . I do n't want you to see it . Hagrid " we have get to go , " say Harry at once . " he ca n't just sit there on his own , wait for the executioner ! " " sunset , though , " say Ron , who be stare out the window ill a glaze sort of way . " we will never be allow ... ' specially you , Harry ... " Harry sink his head into his hand , think . " if we only have the Invisibility Cloak ... " " where be it ? " say Hermione . Harry tell her about leave it in the passageway under the one-eyed witch . " ... if Snape see me anywhere near there again , I be in serious trouble , " he finish . " that be true , " say Hermione , get to her foot . " if he see you ... how do you open the witch 's hump again ? " " you -- you tap it and say , ' Dissendium , ' " say Harry . " but - " Hermione do n't wait for the rest of his sentence ; she stride across the room , push open the Fat Lady 's portrait and vanish from sight . " she have n't go to get it ? " Ron say , stare after her . she have . Hermione return a quarter of an hour later with the silvery cloak fold carefully under her robe . " Hermione , I do n't know what be get , into you lately ! " say Ron , astound . " first you hit Malfoy , then you walk out on Professor Trelawney - " Hermione look rather flatter . they go down to dinner with everybody else , but do not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward . Harry have the cloak hide down the front of his robe ; he have to keep his arm fold to hide the lump . they skulk in an empty chamber off the entrance hall , listen , until they be sure it be desert . they hear a last pair of people hurry across the hall and a door slam . Hermione poke her head around the door . " okay , " she whisper , " no one there -- cloak on - " Walking very close together so that nobody would see them , they cross the hall on tiptoe beneath the cloak , then walk down the stone front step into the ground . the sun be already sink behind the Forbidden Forest , gild the top branch of the tree . they reach Hagrid 's cabin and knock . he be a minute in answering , and when he do , he look all around for his visitor , pale-faced and tremble . " it be us , " Harry hiss . " we be wear the Invisibility Cloak . let us in and we can take it off . " " Yeh shouldn have come ! " Hagrid whisper , but he stand back , and they step inside . Hagrid shut the door quickly and Harry pull off the cloak . Hagrid be not crying , nor do he throw himself upon their neck . he look like a man who do not know where he be or what to do . this helplessness be bad to watch than tear . " Wan ' some tea ? " he say . his great hand be shake as he reach for the kettle . " where be Buckbeak , Hagrid ? " say Hermione hesitantly . " I -- I take him outside , " say Hagrid , spill milk all over the table as he fill up the jug . " he be tethered in me pumpkin patch . think he oughta see the tree an ' -- an ' smell fresh air -- before - " Hagrid 's hand tremble so violently that the milk jug slip from his grasp and shatter all over the floor . " I will do it , Hagrid , " say Hermione quickly , hurry over and start to clean up the mess . " there be another one in the cupboard , " Hagrid say , sit down and wipe his forehead on his sleeve . Harry glance at Ron , who look back hopelessly . " be n't there anything anyone can do , Hagrid ? " Harry ask fiercely , sit down next to him . " Dumbledore - " " he be try , " say Hagrid . " he be get no power ter overrule the Committee . he tell ' em Buckbeak be all right , but they be scare ... Yeh know what Lucius Malfoy 's like ... threaten ' em , I expect ... an ' the executioner , Macnair , he be an old pal o ' Malfoy be ... but it will be quick an ' clean ... an ' I will be beside him ... " Hagrid swallow . his eye be dart all over the cabin as though look for some shred of hope or comfort . " Dumbledore be gonna come down while it -- while it happen . write me this mornin ' . say he want ter -- ter be with me . great man , Dumbledore ... " Hermione , who have be rummage in Hagrid 's cupboard for another milk jug , let out a small , quickly stifle sob . she straighten up with the new jug in her hand , fight back tear . " we will stay with you too , Hagrid , " she begin , but Hagrid shake his shaggy head . " Yeh be ter go back up ter the castle . I tell yeh , I don ' wan ' Yeh watchin ' . an ' yeh shouldn ' be down here anyway ... if Fudge an ' Dumbledore catch yeh out without permission , Harry , Yeh will be in big trouble . " silent tear be now stream down Hermione 's face , but she hide them from Hagrid , bustle around make tea . then , as she pick up the milk bottle to pour some into the jug , she let out a shriek . " Ron , I do n't believe it -- it be Scabbers ! " Ron gape at her . " what be you talk about ? " Hermione carry the milk jug over to the table and turn it upside down . with a frantic squeak , and much scramble to get back inside , Scabbers the rat come slide out onto the table . " Scabbers ! " say Ron blankly . " Scabbers , what be you do here ? " he grab the struggle rat and hold him up to the light . Scabbers look dreadful . he be thin than ever , large tuft of hair have fall out leave wide bald patch , and he writhe in Ron 's hand as though desperate to free himself . " it be okay , Scabbers ! " say Ron . " no cat ! there be nothing here to hurt you ! " Hagrid suddenly stand up , his eye fix on the window . his normally ruddy face have go the color of parchment . " they be comin ' ... " Harry , Ron , and Hermione whip around . a group of man be walk down the distant castle step . in front be Albus Dumbledore , his silver beard gleam in the die sun . next to him trot Cornelius Fudge . behind them come the feeble old Committee member and the executioner , Macnair . " Yeh gotta go , " say Hagrid . every inch of him be tremble . " they mustn ' find yeh here ... go now ... " Ron stuff Scabbers into his pocket and Hermione pick up the cloak . " I will let yeh out the back way , " say Hagrid . they follow him to the door into his back garden . Harry feel strangely unreal , and even more so when he see Buckbeak a few yard away , tether to a tree behind Hagrid 's pumpkin patch . Buckbeak seem to know something be happen . he turn his sharp head from side to side and paw the ground nervously . " it be okay , Beaky , " say Hagrid softly . " it be okay ... " he turn to Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " go on , " he say . " get goin ' . " but they do n't move . " Hagrid , we ca n't - " " we will tell them what really happen - " " they ca n't kill him - " " Go ! " say Hagrid fiercely . " it be bad enough without you lot in trouble an ' all ! " they have no choice . as Hermione throw the cloak over Harry and Ron , they hear voice at the front of the cabin . Hagrid look at the place where they have just vanish from sight . " go quick , " he say hoarsely . " Don ' listen ... " and he stride back into his cabin as someone knock at the front door . slowly , in a kind of horrify trance , Harry , Ron , and Hermione set off silently around Hagrid 's house . as they reach the other side , the front door close with a sharp snap . " please , let 's hurry , " Hermione whisper . " I ca n't stand it , I ca n't bear it ... " they start up the sloping lawn toward the castle . the sun be sink fast now ; the sky have turn to a clear , purple-tinged gray , but to the west there be a ruby-red glow . Ron stop dead . " oh , please , Ron , " Hermione begin . " it be Scabbers -- he wo n't -- stay put - " Ron be bend over , try to keep Scabbers in his pocket , but the rat be go berserk ; squeak madly , twist and flail , try to sink his tooth into Ron 's hand . " Scabbers , it be me , you idiot , it be Ron , " Ron hiss . they hear a door open behind them and man 's voice . " oh , Ron , please let 's move , they be go to do it ! " Hermione breathe . " okay -- Scabbers , stay put - " they walk forward ; Harry , like Hermione , be try not to listen to the rumble of voice behind them . Ron stop again . " I ca n't hold him -- Scabbers , shut up , everyone will hear us - " the rat be squeal wildly , but not loudly enough to cover up the sound drift from Hagrid 's garden . there be a jumble of indistinct male voice , a silence , and then , without warning , the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe . Hermione sway on the spot . " they do it ! " she whisper to Harry . " I will -- do n't believe it -- they do it ! " chapter SEVENTEEN Cat , Rat , and Dog Harry 's mind have go blank with shock . the three of them stand transfix with horror under the Invisibility Cloak . the very last ray of the set sun be cast a bloody light over the long-shadowed ground . then , behind them , they hear a wild howl . " Hagrid , " Harry mutter . without think about what he be do , he make to turn back , but both Ron and Hermione seize his arm . " we ca n't , " say Ron , who be paper-white . " he will be in bad trouble if they know we have be to see him ... " Hermione 's breathing be shallow and uneven . " how -- could -- they ? " she choke . " how could they ? " " come on , " say Ron , whose tooth seem to be chatter . they set off back toward the castle , walk slowly to keep themselves hide under the cloak . the light be fade fast now . by the time they reach open ground , darkness be settle like a spell around them . " Scabbers , keep still , " Ron hiss , clamp his hand over his chest . the rat be wriggle madly . Ron come to a sudden halt , try to force Scabbers deep into his pocket . " what be the matter with you , you stupid rat ? stay still -- Ouch ! he bite me ! " " Ron , be quiet ! " Hermione whisper urgently . " fudge will be out here in a minute - " " he wo n't -- stay -- put - " Scabbers be plainly terrify . he be writhe with all his might , try to break free of Ron 's grip . " what be the matter with him ? " but Harry have just see -- stink toward them , his body low to the ground , wide yellow eye glint eerily in the darkness -- Crookshanks . whether he could see them or be follow the sound of Scabbers 's squeak , Harry could n't tell . " Crookshanks ! " Hermione moan . " no , go away , Crookshanks ! go away ! " but the cat be get near -- " Scabbers -- No ! " too late -- the rat have slip between Ron 's clutch finger , hit the ground , and scamper away . in one bound , Crookshanks spring after him , and before Harry or Hermione could stop him , Ron have throw the Invisibility Cloak off himself and pelt away into the darkness . " Ron ! " Hermione moan . she and Harry look at each other , then follow at a sprint ; it be impossible to run full out under the cloak ; they pull it off and it stream behind them like a banner as they hurtle after Ron ; they could hear his foot thunder along ahead and his shout at Crookshanks . " get away from him -- get away -- Scabbers , come here - " there be a loud thud . " Gotcha ! get off , you stink cat - " Harry and Hermione almost fall over Ron ; they skid to a stop right in front of him . he be sprawl on the ground , but Scabbers be back in his pocket ; he have both hand hold tight over the quiver lump . " Ron -- come on back under the cloak - " Hermione pant . " Dumbledore -- the Minister -- they will be come back out in a minute - " but before they could cover themselves again , before they could even catch their breath , they hear the soft pound of gigantic paw ... something be bound toward them , quiet as a shadow -- an enormous , pale-eyed , jet-black dog . Harry reach for his wand , but too late -- the dog have make an enormous leap and the front paw hit him on the chest ; he keel over backward in a whirl of hair ; he feel its hot breath , see inch-long tooth - but the force of its leap have carry it too far ; it roll off him . daze , feel as though his rib be break , Harry try to stand up ; he could hear it growl as it skid around for a new attack . Ron be on his foot . as the dog spring back toward them he push Harry aside ; the dog 's jaw fasten instead around Ron 's outstretch arm . Harry lunge forward , he seize a handful of the brute 's hair , but it be drag Ron away as easily as though he be a rag doll - then , out of nowhere , something hit Harry so hard across the face he be knock off his foot again . he hear Hermione shriek with pain and fall too . Harry grope for his wand , blink blood out of his eye " Lumos ! " he whisper . the wandlight show him the trunk of a thick tree ; they have chase Scabbers into the shadow of the Whomping Willow and its branch be creak as though in a high wind , whip backward and forward to stop them go near . and there , at the base of the trunk , be the dog , drag Ron backward into a large gap in the root -- Ron be fight furiously , but his head and torso be slip out of sight - " Ron ! " Harry shout , try to follow , but a heavy branch whip lethally through the air and he be force backward again . all they could see now be one of Ron 's leg , which he have hook around a root in an effort to stop the dog from pull him farther underground -- but a horrible crack cut the air like a gunshot ; Ron 's leg have break , and a moment later , his foot vanish from sight . " Harry -- we have get to go for help - " Hermione gasp ; she be bleed too ; the Willow have cut her across the shoulder . " no ! that thing 's big enough to eat him ; we have n't get time - " " Harry -- we be never go to get through without help - " another branch whip down at them , twig clench like knuckle . " if that dog can get in , we can , " Harry pant , dart here and there , try to find a way through the vicious , swish branch , but he could n't get an inch near to the tree root without be in range of the tree 's blow . " oh , help , help , " Hermione whisper frantically , dance uncertainly on the spot , " Please ... " Crookshanks dart forward . he slither between the batter branch like a snake and place his front paw upon a knot on the trunk . abruptly , as though the tree have be turn to marble , it stop move . not a leaf twitch or shake . " Crookshanks ! " Hermione whisper uncertainly . she now grasp Harry 's arm painfully hard . " how do he know - ? " " he be friend with that dog , " say Harry grimly . " I have see them together . come on -- and keep your wand out - " they cover the distance to the trunk in second , but before they have reach the gap in the root , Crookshanks have slide into it with a flick of his bottlebrush tail . Harry go next ; he crawl forward , headfirst , and slide down an earthy slope to the bottom of a very low tunnel . Crookshanks be a little way along , his eye flash in the light from Harry 's wand . second later , Hermione slither down beside him . " where be Ron ? " she whisper in a terrify voice . " this way , " say Harry , set off , bent-backed , after Crookshanks . " where do this tunnel come out ? " Hermione ask breathlessly from behind him . " I do n't know ... it be mark on the Marauder 's Map but Fred and George say no one be ever get into it ... it go off the edge of the map , but it look like it be head for Hogsmeade ... " they move as fast as they could , bend almost double ; ahead of them , Crookshanks 's tail bob in and out of view . on and on go the passage ; it feel at least as long as the one to Honeydukes ... all Harry could think of be Ron and what the enormous dog might be do to him ... he be draw breath in sharp , painful gasp , run at a crouch ... and then the tunnel begin to rise ; moment later it twist , and Crookshanks have go . ahead Harry could see a patch of dim light through a small opening . he and Hermione pause , gasp for breath , edge forward . both raise their wand to see what lie beyond . it be a room , a very disorder , dusty room . paper be peel from the wall ; there be stain all over the floor ; every piece of furniture be break as though somebody have smash it . the window be all board up . Harry glance at Hermione , who look very frighten but nod . Harry pull himself out of the hole , stare around . the room be desert , but a door to their right stand open , lead to a shadowy hallway . Hermione suddenly grab Harry 's arm again . her wide eye be travel around the board window . " Harry , " she whisper , " I think we be in the Shrieking Shack . " Harry look around . his eye fall on a wooden chair near them . large chunk have be tear out of it ; one of the leg have be rip off entirely . " ghost do n't do that , " he say slowly . at that moment , there be a creak overhead . something have move upstairs . both of them look up at the ceiling . Hermione 's grip on Harry 's arm be so tight he be lose feeling in his finger . he raise his eyebrow at her ; she nod again and let go . quietly as they could , they creep out into the hall and up the crumble staircase . everything be cover in a thick layer of dust except the floor , where a wide shiny stripe have be make by something be drag upstairs . they reach the dark landing . " Nox , " they whisper together , and the light at the end of their wand go out . only one door be open . as they creep toward it , they hear movement from behind it ; a low moan , and then a deep , loud purr . they exchange a last look , a last nod . Wand hold tightly before him , Harry kick the door wide open . on a magnificent four-poster bed with dusty hanging lie Crookshanks , purr loudly at the sight of them . on the floor beside him , clutch his leg , which stick out at a strange angle , be Ron . Harry and Hermione dash across to him . " Ron -- be you okay ? " " where be the dog ? " " not a dog , " Ron moan . his tooth be grit with pain . " Harry , it be a trap - " " what - " " he be the dog ... he be an Animagus . " Ron be stare over Harry 's shoulder . Harry wheel around . with a snap , the man in the shadow close the door behind them . a mass of filthy , matted hair hang to his elbow . if eye have n't be shine out of the deep , dark socket , he might have be a corpse . the waxy skin be stretch so tightly over the bone of his face , it look like a skull . his yellow tooth be bare in a grin . it be Sirius Black . " Expelliarmus ! " he croak , point Ron 's wand at them . Harry 's and Hermione 's wand shoot out of their hand , high in the air , and Black catch them . then he take a step closer . his eye be fix on Harry . " I think you will come and help your friend , " he say hoarsely . his voice sound as though he have long since lose the habit of use it . " your father would have do the same for me . brave of you not to run for a teacher . I be grateful ... it will make everything much easy ... " the taunt about his father ring in Harry 's ear as though Black have bellow it . a boiling hate erupt in Harry 's chest , leave no place for fear . for the first time in his life , he want his wand back in his hand , not to defend himself , but to attack ... to kill . without know what he be do , he start forward , but there be a sudden movement on either side of him and two pair of hand grab him and hold him back ... " no , Harry ! " Hermione gasp in a petrify whisper ; Ron , however , speak to Black . " if you want to kill Harry , you will have to kill us too ! " he say fiercely , though the effort of stand upright be drain him of still more color , and he sway slightly as he speak . something flicker in Black 's shadow eye . " lie down , " he say quietly to Ron . " you will damage that leg even more . " " do you hear me ? " Ron say weakly , though he be cling painfully to Harry to stay upright . " you will have to kill all three of us ! " " there will be only one murder here tonight , " say Black , and his grin widen . " why be that ? " Harry spit , try to wrench himself free of Ron , and Hermione . " do n't care last time , do you ? do n't mind slaughter all those Muggles to get at Pettigrew ... what be the matter , go soft in Azkaban ? " " Harry ! " Hermione whimper . " be quiet ! " " he kill My Mum and Dad ! " Harry roar , and with a huge effort he break free of Hermione 's and Ron 's restraint and lunge forward - he have forget about magic -- he have forget that he be short and skinny and thirteen , whereas Black be a tall , full-grown man -- all Harry know be that he want to hurt Black as badly as he could and that he do n't care how much he get hurt in return - perhaps it be the shock of Harry do something so stupid , but Black do n't raise the wand in time -- one of Harry 's hand fasten over his waste wrist , force the wand tip away ; the knuckle of Harry 's other hand collide with the side of Black 's head and they fall , backward , into the wall - Hermione be scream ; Ron be yell ; there be a blind flash as the wand in Black 's hand send a jet of spark into the air that miss Harry 's face by inch ; Harry feel the shrunken arm under his finger twist madly , but he cling on , his other hand punch every part of Black it could find . but Black 's free hand have find Harry 's throat " no , " he hiss , " I have wait too long - " the finger tighten , Harry choke , his glass askew . then he see Hermione 's foot swing out of nowhere . Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain ; Ron have throw himself on Black 's wand hand and Harry hear a faint clatter - he fight free of the tangle of body and see his own wand roll across the floor ; he throw himself toward it but " Argh ! " Crookshanks have join the fray ; both set of front claw have sink themselves deep into Harry 's arm ; Harry throw him off , but Crookshanks now dart toward Harry 's wand - " No you do N'T ! " roar Harry , and he aim a kick at Crookshanks that make the cat leap aside , spit ; Harry snatch up his wand and turn - " get out of the way ! " he shout at Ron and Hermione . they do n't need tell twice . Hermione , gasp for breath , her lip bleeding , scramble aside , snatch up her and Ron 's wand . Ron crawl to the four-poster and collapse onto it , pant , his white face now ting with green , both hand clutch his break leg . Black be sprawl at the bottom of the wall . his thin chest rise and fall rapidly as he watch Harry walk slowly near , his wand point straight at Black 's heart . " go to kill me , Harry ? " he whisper . Harry stop right above him , his wand still point at Black 's chest , look down at him . a livid bruise be rise around Black 's leave eye and his nose be bleed . " you kill my parent , " say Harry , his voice shake slightly , but his wand hand quite steady . Black stare up at him out of those sunken eye . " I do n't deny it , " he say very quietly . " but if you know the whole story . " " the whole story ? " Harry repeat , a furious pound in his ear . " you sell them to Voldemort . that be all I need to know . " " you have get to listen to me , " Black say , and there be a note of urgency in his voice now . " you will regret it if you do n't ... you do n't understand ... " " I understand a lot well than you think , " say Harry , and his voice shake more than ever . " you never hear her , do you ? my mum ... try to stop Voldemort kill me ... and you do that ... you do it ... " before either of them could say another word , something ginger streak past Harry ; Crookshanks leap onto Black 's chest and settle himself there , right over Black 's heart . Black blink and look down at the cat . " get off , " he murmur , try to push Crookshanks off him . but Crookshanks sink his claw into Black 's robe and would n't shift . he turn his ugly , squash face to Harry and look up at him with those great yellow eye . to his right , Hermione give a dry sob . Harry stare down at Black and Crookshanks , his grip tightening on the wand . so what if he have to kill the cat too ? it be in league with Black ... if it be prepare to die , try to protect Black , that be n't Harry 's business ... if Black want to save it , that only prove he care more for Crookshanks than for Harry 's parent ... Harry raise the wand . now be the moment to do it . now be the moment to avenge his mother and father . he be go to kill Black . he have to kill Black . this be his chance ... the second lengthen . and still Harry stand freeze there , wand poise , Black stare up at him , Crookshanks on his chest . Ron 's ragged breathing come from near the bed ; Hermione be quite silent . and then come a new sound - Muffled footstep be echo up through the floor -- someone be move downstairs . " we 'RE up here ! " Hermione scream suddenly . " we 'RE up here -- SIRIUS Black -- Quick ! " Black make a startle movement that almost dislodge Crookshanks ; Harry grip his wand convulsively -- do it now ! say a voice in his head -- but the footstep be thunder up the stair and Harry still have n't do it . the door of the room burst open in a shower of red spark and Harry wheel around as Professor Lupin come hurtle into the room , his face bloodless , his wand raise and ready . his eye flicker over Ron , lie on the floor , over Hermione , cower next to the door , to Harry , stand there with his wand cover Black , and then to Black himself , crumpled and bleed at Harry 's foot . " Expelliarmus ! " lupin shout . Harry 's wand fly once more out of his hand ; so do the two Hermione be hold . lupin catch them all deftly , then move into the room , stare at Black , who still have Crookshanks lie protectively across his chest . Harry stand there , feel suddenly empty . he have n't do it . his nerve have fail him . Black be go to be hand back to the Dementors . then Lupin speak , in a very tense voice . " where be he , Sirius ? " Harry look quickly at Lupin . he do n't understand what Lupin mean . who be Lupin talk about ? he turn to look at Black again . Black 's face be quite expressionless . for a few second , he do n't move at all . then , very slowly , he raise his empty hand and point straight at Ron . mystify , Harry glance around at Ron , who look bewilder . " but then ... " Lupin mutter , stare at Black so intently it seem he be try to read his mind , " ... why have n't he show himself before now ? unless " -- Lupin 's eye suddenly widen , as though he be see something beyond Black , something none of the rest could see , " - unless he be the one ... unless you switch ... without tell me ? " very slowly , his sunken gaze never leave Lupin 's face , Black nod . " professor , " Harry interrupt loudly , " what be go on - ? " but he never finish the question , because what he see make his voice die in his throat . lupin be lower his wand , gaze fix at Black . the Professor walk to Black 's side , seize his hand , pull him to his foot so that Crookshanks fall to the floor , and embrace Black like a brother . Harry feel as though the bottom have drop out of his stomach . " I do N'T BELIEVE it ! " Hermione scream . lupin let go of Black and turn to her . she have raise herself off the floor and be point at Lupin , wild-eyed . " you -- you - " " Hermione - " " - you and him ! " " Hermione , calm down - " " I do n't tell anyone ! " Hermione shriek . " I have be cover up for you - " " Hermione , listen to me , please " Lupin shout . " I can explain - " Harry could feel himself shake , not with fear , but with a fresh wave of fury . " I trust you , " he shout at Lupin , his voice wavering , out of control , " and all the time you have be his friend ! " " you be wrong , " say Lupin . " I have n't be Sirius 's friend , but I be now -- let me explain ... " " No ! " Hermione scream . " Harry , do n't trust him , he have be help Black get into the castle , he want you dead too -- he be a werewolf ! " there be a ringing silence . everyone 's eye be now on Lupin , who look remarkably calm , though rather pale . " not at all up to your usual standard , Hermione , " he say . " only one out of three , I be afraid . I have not be help Sirius get into the castle and I certainly do n't want Harry dead . " an odd shiver pass over his face . " but I wo n't deny that I be a werewolf . " Ron make a valiant effort to get up again but fall back with a whimper of pain . lupin make toward him , look concerned , but Ron gasp , " get away from me , werewolf ! " lupin stop dead . then , with an obvious effort , he turn to Hermione and say , " how long have you know ? " " age , " Hermione whisper . " since I do Professor Snape 's essay ... " " he will be delight , " say Lupin coolly . " he assign that essay hope someone would realize what my symptom mean ... do you check the lunar chart and realize that I be always ill at the full moon ? or do you realize that the Boggart change into the moon when it see me ? " " both , " Hermione say quietly . lupin force a laugh . " you be the clever witch of your age I have ever meet , Hermione . " " I be not , " Hermione whisper . " if I have be a bit clever , I will have tell everyone what you be ! " " but they already know , " say Lupin . " at least , the staff do . " " Dumbledore hire you when he know you be a werewolf , " Ron gasp . " be he mad ? " " some of the staff think so , " say Lupin . " he have to work very hard to convince certain teacher that I be trustworthy - " " AND He WAS WRONG ! " Harry yell . " you 'VE Been HELPING HIM All the time ! " he be point at Black , who suddenly cross to the four-poster bed and sink onto it , his face hide in one shake hand . Crookshanks leap up beside him and step onto his lap , purr . Ron edge away from both of them , drag his leg . " I have not be help Sirius , " say Lupin . " if you will give me a chance , I will explain . look - " he separate Harry 's , Ron 's and Hermione 's wand and throw each back to its owner ; Harry catch his , stun . " there , " say Lupin , stick his own wand back into his belt " you be arm , we be not . now will you listen ? " Harry do n't know what to think . be it a trick ? " if you have n't be help him , " he say , with a furious glance at Black , " how do you know he be here ? " " the map , " say Lupin . " the Marauder 's Map . I be in my office examine it - " " you know how to work it ? " Harry say suspiciously . " of course I know how to work it , " say Lupin , wave his hand impatiently . " I help write it . I be moony -- that be my friend ' nickname for me at school . " " you write - ? " " the important thing be , I be watch it carefully this evening , because I have an idea that you , Ron , and Hermione might try and sneak out of the castle to visit Hagrid before his Hippogriff be execute . and I be right , be n't I ? " he have start to pace up and down , look at them . little patch of dust rise at his foot . " you might have be wear your father 's old cloak , Harry - " " how d'you know about the cloak ? " " the number of time I see James disappear under it ... " say Lupin , wave an impatient hand again . " the point be , even if you be wear an Invisibility Cloak , you still show up on the Marauder 's Map . I watch you cross the ground and enter Hagrid 's hut . twenty minute later , you leave Hagrid , and set off back toward the castle . but you be now accompany by somebody else . " " what ? " say Harry . " no , we be n't ! " " I could n't believe my eye , " say Lupin , still pace , and ignore Harry 's interruption . " I think the map must be malfunction . how could he be with you ? " " no one be with us ! " say Harry . " and then I see another dot , move fast toward you , label Sirius Black ... I see him collide with you ; I watch as he pull two of you into the Whomping Willow - " " one of us ! " Ron say angrily . " no , Ron , " say Lupin . " two of you . " he have stop his pace , his eye move over Ron . " do you think I could have a look at the rat ? " he say evenly . " what ? " say Ron . " what be Scabbers get to do with it ? " " everything , " say Lupin . " could I see him , please ? " Ron hesitate , then put a hand inside his robe . Scabbers emerge , thrash desperately ; Ron have to seize his long bald tail to stop him escape . Crookshanks stand up on Black 's leg and make a soft hiss noise . lupin move closer to Ron . he seem to be hold his breath as he gaze intently at Scabbers . " what ? " Ron say again , hold Scabbers close to him , look scare . " what be my rat get to do with anything ? " " that be not a rat , " croak Sirius Black suddenly . " what d'you mean -- of course he be a rat - " " no , he be not , " say Lupin quietly . " he be a wizard . " " an Animagus , " say Black , " by the name of Peter Pettigrew . " chapter EIGHTEEN Moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and prong it take a few second for the absurdity of this statement to sink in . then Ron voice what Harry be think . " you be both mental . " " ridiculous ! " say Hermione faintly . " Peter Pettigrew 's dead ! " say Harry . " he kill him twelve year ago ! " he point at Black , whose face twitch convulsively . " I mean to , " he growl , his yellow tooth bare , " but little Peter get the good of me ... not this time , though ! " and Crookshanks be throw to the floor as Black lunge at Scabbers ; Ron yell with pain as Black 's weight fall on his break leg . " Sirius , No ! " lupin yell , launch himself forwards and drag black away from Ron again , " Wait ! you ca n't do it just like that -- they need to understand -- we have get to explain - " " we can explain afterwards ! " snarl Black , try to throw Lupin off . one hand be still claw the air as it try to reach Scabbers , who be squeal like a piglet , scratch Ron 's face and neck as he try to escape . " they have -- get -- a -- right -- to -- know -- everything ! " lupin pant , still try to restrain Black . " Ron have keep him as a pet ! there be part of it even I do n't understand , and Harry -- you owe Harry the truth , Sirius ! " Black stop struggle , though his hollow eye be still fix on Scabbers , who be clamp tightly under Ron be bite , scratch , and bleed hand . " all right , then , " Black say , without take his eye off the rat . " tell them whatever you like . but make it quick , Remus . I want to commit the murder I be imprison for ... " " you be nutter , both of you , " say Ron shakily , look round at Harry and Hermione for support . " I have have enough of this . I be off . " he try to heave himself up on his good leg , but Lupin raise his wand again , point it at Scabbers . " you be go to hear me out , Ron , " he say quietly . " just keep a tight hold on Peter while you listen . " " he be NOT Peter , He 's SCABBERS ! " Ron yell , try to force the rat back into his front pocket , but Scabbers be fight too hard ; Ron sway and overbalance , and Harry catch him be push him back down to the bed . then , ignore Black , Harry turn to Lupin . " there be witness who see Pettigrew die , " he say . " a whole street full of them ... " " they do n't see what they think they see ! " say Black savagely , still watch Scabbers struggle in Ron 's hand . " everyone think Sirius kill Peter , " say Lupin , nod . " I believe it myself -- until I see the map tonight . because the Marauder 's map never lie ... Peter be alive . Ron be hold him , Harry . " Harry look down at Ron , and as their eye meet , they agree , silently : Black and Lupin be both out of their mind . their story make no sense whatsoever . how could Scabbers be Peter Pettigrew ? Azkaban must have unhinge Black after all -- but why be Lupin play along with him ? then Hermione speak , in a tremble , would-be calm sort of voice , as though try to will Professor Lupin to talk sensibly . " but Professor Lupin ... Scabbers ca n't be Pettigrew ... it just ca n't be true , you know it ca n't ... " " why ca n't it be true ? " lupin say calmly , as though they be in class , and Hermione have simply spot a problem in an experiment with Grindylows . " because ... because people would know if Peter Pettigrew have be an Animagus . we do Animagi in class with Professor McGonagall . and I look them up when I do my homework -- the Ministry of Magic keep tab on witch and wizard who can become animal ; there be a register show what animal they become , and their marking and thing ... and I go and look Professor McGonagall up on the register , and there have be only seven Animagi this century , and Pettigrew 's name be n't on the list . " Harry have barely have time to marvel inwardly at the effort Hermione put into her homework , when Lupin start to laugh . " right again , Hermione ! " he say . " but the Ministry never know that here use to be three unregistered Animagi run around Hogwarts . " " if you be go to tell them the story , get a move on , Remus , " say Black , who be still watch Scabbers be every desperate move . " I have wait twelve year , I be not go to wait much longer . " " all right ... but you will need to help me , Sirius , " say Lupin , " I only know how it begin ... " Lupin break off . there have be a loud creak behind him . the bedroom door have open of its own accord . all five of them stare at it . then Lupin stride toward it and look out into the landing . " no one there ... " " this place be haunt ! " say Ron . " it be not , " say Lupin , still look at the door in a puzzle way . " the Shrieking Shack be never haunt ... the scream and howl the villager use to hear be make by me . " he push his gray hair out of his eye , think for a moment then say , " that be where all of this start -- with my become a werewolf . none of this could have happen if I have n't be bitter ... and if I have n't be so foolhardy ... " he look sober and tired . Ron start to interrupt , but Hermione , say , " Shh ! " she be watch Lupin very intently . " I as a very small boy when I receive the bite . my parent try everything , but in those day there be no cure . the potion that Professor Snape have be make for me be a very recent discovery . it make me safe , you see . as long as I take it in the week , precede the full moon , I keep my mind when I transform ... I be able to curl up in my office , a harmless wolf , and wait for the moon to wane again . " before the Wolfsbane Potion be discover , however , I become a fully fledge monster once a month . it seem impossible that I would be able to come to Hogwarts . other parent be n't likely to want their child expose to me . " but then Dumbledore become Headmaster , and he be sympathetic . he say that as long as we take certain precaution , there be no reason I should n't come to school ... " Lupin sigh , and look directly at Harry . " I tell you , month ago , that the Whomping Willow be plant the year I come to Hogwarts . the truth be that it be plant because I come to Hogwarts . this house " -- Lupin look miserably around the room , -- " the tunnel that lead to it -- they be build for my use . once a month , I be smuggle out of the castle , into this place , to transform . the tree be place at the tunnel mouth to stop anyone come across me while I be dangerous . " Harry could n't see where this story be go , but he be listen raptly all the same . the only sound apart from Lupin 's voice be Scabbers 's frightened squeak . " my transformation in those day be -- be terrible . it be very painful to turn into a werewolf . I be separate from human to bite , so I bite and scratch myself instead . the villager hear the noise and the scream and think they be hear particularly violent spirit . Dumbledore encourage the rumor ... even now , when the house have be silent for year , the villager do n't dare approach it ... " but apart from my transformation , I be happy than I have ever be in my life . for the first time ever , I have friend , three great friend . Sirius Black ... Peter Pettigrew ... and , of course , your father , Harry -- James Potter . " now , my three friend could hardly fail to notice that I disappear once a month . I make up all sort of story . I tell them my mother be ill , and that I have to go home to see her ... I be terrify they would desert me the moment they find out what I be . but of course , they , like you , Hermione , work out the truth ... " and they do n't desert me at all . instead , they do something for me that would make my transformation not only bearable , but the good time of my life . they become Animagi . " " my dad too ? " say Harry , astound . " yes , indeed , " say Lupin . " it take them the good part of three year to work out how to do it . your father and Sirius here be the clever student in the school , and lucky they be , because the Animagus transformation can go horribly wrong -- one reason the Ministry keep a close watch on those attempt to do it . Peter need all the help he could get from James and Sirius . finally , in our fifth year , they manage it . they could each turn into a different animal at will . " " but how do that help you ? " say Hermione , sound puzzle . " they could n't keep me company as human , so they keep me company as animal , " say Lupin . " a werewolf be only a danger to people . they sneak out of the castle every month under James 's Invisibility Cloak . they transform ... Peter , as the small , could slip beneath the Willow 's attack branch and touch the knot that freeze it . they would then slip down the tunnel and join me . under their influence , I become less dangerous . my body be still wolfish , but my mind seem to become less so while I be with them . " " hurry up , Remus , " snarl Black , who be still watch Scabbers with a horrible sort of hunger on his face . " I be get there , Sirius , I be get there ... well , highly exciting possibility be open to us now that we could all transform . soon we be leave the Shrieking Shack and roam the school ground and the village by night . Sirius and James transform into such large animal , they be able to keep a werewolf in check . I doubt whether any Hogwarts student ever find out more about the Hogwarts ground and Hogsmeade than we do ... and that be how we come to write the Marauder 's Map , and sign it with our nickname . Sirius be Padfoot . Peter be Wormtail . James be prong . " " what sort of animal - ? " Harry begin , but Hermione cut him off . " that be still really dangerous ! run around in the dark with a werewolf ! what if you have give the other the slip , and bite somebody ? " " a thought that still haunt me , " say Lupin heavily . " and there be near miss , many of them . we laugh about them afterwards . we be young , thoughtless -- carry away with our own cleverness . " I sometimes feel guilty about betray Dumbledore 's trust , of course ... he have admit me to Hogwarts when no other headmaster would have do so , and he have no idea I be break the rule he have set down for my own and other ' safety . he never know I have lead three fellow student into become Animagi illegally . but I always manage to forget my guilty feeling every time we sit down to plan our next month 's adventure . and I have n't change ... " Lupin 's face have harden , and there be self-disgust in his voice . " all this year , I have be battle with myself , wonder whether I should tell Dumbledore that Sirius be an Animagus . but I do n't do it . why ? because I be too cowardly . it would have mean admit that I have betray his trust while I be at school , admit that I have lead other along with me ... and Dumbledore 's trust have mean everything to me . he let me into Hogwarts as a boy , and he give me a job when I have be shun all my adult life , unable to find pay work because of what I be . and so I convince myself that Sirius be get into the school use dark art he learn from Voldemort , that be an Animagus have nothing to do with it ... so , in a way , Snape have be right about me all along . " " Snape ? " say Black harshly , take his eye off Scabbers ; for the first time in minute and look up at Lupin . " what be Snape get to do with it ? " " he be here , Sirius , " say Lupin heavily . " he be teach here as well . " he look up at Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " Professor Snape be at school with us . he fight very hard against my appointment to the defense against the Dark Arts job . he have be tell Dumbledore all year that I be not to be trust . he have his reason ... you see , Sirius here play a trick on him which nearly kill him , a trick which involve me - " Black make a derisive noise . " it serve him right , " he sneer . " sneak around , try to find out what we be up to ... hope he could get us expel ... " " Severus be very interested in where I go every month . " lupin tell Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " we be in the same year , you know , and we -- er -- do n't like each other very much . he especially dislike James . jealous , I think , of James 's talent on the Quidditch field ... anyway Snape have see me cross the ground with Madam Pomfrey one evening as she lead me toward the Whomping Willow to transform . Sirius think it would be -- er -- amusing , to tell Snape all he have to do be prod the knot on the tree trunk with a long stick , and he will be able to get in after me . well , of course , Snape try it -- if he have get as far as this house , he will have meet a fully grow werewolf -- but your father , who have hear what Sirius have do , go after Snape and pull him back , at great risk to his life ... Snape glimpse me , though , at the end of the tunnel . he be forbid by Dumbledore to tell anybody , but from that time on he know what I be ... " " so that be why Snape do n't like you , " say Harry slowly , " because he think you be in on the joke ? " " that be right , " sneer a cold voice from the wall behind Lupin . Severus Snape be pull off the Invisibility Cloak , his wand point directly at Lupin . chapter NINETEEN the Servant of Lord Voldemort Hermione scream . Black leap to his foot . Harry feel as though he have receive a huge electric shock . " I find this at the base of the Whomping Willow , " say Snape , throw the cloak aside , careful to keep this wand point directly at Lupin 's chest . " very useful , Potter , I thank you ... " Snape be slightly breathless , but his face be full of suppress triumph . " you be wonder , perhaps , how I know you be here ? " he say , his eye glitter . " I have just be to your office , Lupin . you forget to take your potion tonight , so I take a gobletful along . and very lucky I do ... lucky for me , I mean . lie on your desk be a certain map . one glance at it tell me all I need to know . I see you run along this passageway and out of sight . " " Severus - " Lupin begin , but Snape override him . " I have tell the headmaster again and again that you be help your old friend black into the castle , Lupin , and here be the proof . not even I dream you would have the nerve to use this old place as your hideout - " " Severus , you be make a mistake , " say Lupin urgently . " you have n't hear everything -- I can explain -- Sirius be not here to kill Harry - " " Two more for Azkaban tonight , " say Snape , his eye now gleam fanatically . " I shall be interested to see how Dumbledore take this ... he be quite convince you be harmless , you know , Lupin ... a tame werewolf - " " you fool , " say Lupin softly . " be a schoolboy grudge worth put an innocent man back inside Azkaban ? " bang ! thin , snakelike cord burst from the end of Snape 's wand and twist themselves around Lupin 's mouth , wrist , and ankle ; he overbalance and fall to the floor , unable to move . with a roar of rage , Black start toward Snape , but Snape point his wand straight between Black 's eye . " give me a reason , " he whisper . " give me a reason to do it , and I swear I will . " Black stop dead . it would have be impossible to say which face show more hatred . Harry stand there , paralyzed , not know what to do or whom to believe . he glance around at Ron and Hermione . Ron look just as confuse as he do , still fight to keep hold on the struggle Scabbers . Hermione , however , take an uncertain step toward Snape and say , in a very breathless voice , " Professor Snape -- it would n't hurt to hear what they have get to say , w-would it ? " " Miss Granger , you be already face suspension from this school , " Snape spit . " you , Potter , and Weasley be out-of-bound , in the company of a convict murderer and a werewolf . for once in your life , hold your tongue . " " but if -- if there be a mistake - " " Keep Quiet , you STUPID GIRL ! " Snape shout , look suddenly quite derange . " do N'T TALK ABOUT what you DO N'T UNDERSTAND ! " a few spark shoot out of the end of his wand , which be still point at Black 's face . Hermione fall silent . " vengeance be very sweet , " Snape breathe at Black . " how I hope I would be the one to catch you ... " " the joke be on you again , Severus , " Black snarl . " as long as this boy bring his rat up to the castle " -- he jerk his head at Ron -- " I will come quietly ... " " up to the castle ? " say Snape silkily . " I do n't think we need to go that far . all I have to do be call the Dementors once we get out of the Willow . they will be very please to see you , Black ... please enough to give you a little kiss , @card@ daresay ... I - " what little color there be in Black 's face leave it . " you -- you have get to hear me out , " he croak . " the rat -- look at the rat - " but there be a mad glint in Snape 's eye that Harry have never see before . he seem beyond reason . " come on , all of you , " he say . he click his finger , and the end of the cord that bind Lupin fly to his hand . " I will drag the werewolf . perhaps the Dementors will have a kiss for him too - " before he know what he be do , Harry have cross the room in three stride and block the door . " get out of the way , Potter , you be in enough trouble already , " snarl Snape . " if I have n't be here to save your skin - " " Professor Lupin could have kill me about a hundred time this year , " Harry say . " I have be alone with him load of time , have defense lesson against the Dementors . if he be help Black , why do n't he just finish me off then ? " " do n't ask me to fathom the way a werewolf 's mind work , " hiss Snape . " get out of the way , Potter . " " you 'RE pathetic ! " Harry yell . " just BECAUSE THEY Made A FOOL of you AT School you WO N'T Even LISTEN - " " SILENCE ! I Will NOT Be SPOKEN To Like THAT ! " Snape shriek , look mad than ever . " like father , like son , Potter ! I have just save your neck ; you should be thank me on bended knee ! you would have be well serve if he have kill you ! you will have die like your father , too arrogant to believe you might be mistake in Black -- now get out of the way , or I will make you . get out of the Way , Potter ! " Harry make up his mind in a split second . before Snape could take even one step toward him , he have raise his wand . " Expelliarmus ! " he yell -- except that his be n't the only voice that shout . there be a blast that make the door rattle on its hinge ; Snape be lift off his foot and slam into the wall , then slide down it to the floor , a trickle of blood ooze from under his hair . he have be knock out . Harry look around . both Ron and Hermione have try to disarm Snape at exactly the same moment . Snape 's wand soar in a high arc and land on the bed next to Crookshanks . " you should n't have do that , " say Black , look at Harry . " you should have leave him to me ... " Harry avoid Black 's eye . he be n't sure , even now , that he have do the right thing . " we attack a teacher ... we attack a teacher ... " Hermione whimper , stare at the lifeless Snape with frightened eye . " oh , we be go to be in so much trouble - " Lupin be struggle against his bond . Black bent down quickly and untie him . lupin straighten up , rub his arm where the rope have cut into them . " thank you , Harry , " he say . " I be still not say I believe you , " he tell Lupin . " then it be time we offer you some proof , " say Lupin . " you , boy -- give me Peter , please . now . " Ron clutch Scabbers closer to his chest . " come off it , " he say weakly . " be you try to say he break out of Azkaban just to get his hand on Scabbers ? I mean ... " he look up at Harry and Hermione for support , " Okay , say Pettigrew could turn into a rat -- there be million of rat -- how be he supposed to know which one he be after if he be lock up in Azkaban ? " " you know , Sirius , that be a fair question , " say Lupin , turn to Black and frown slightly . " how do you find out where he be ? " Black put one of his claw-like hand inside his robe and take out a crumpled piece of paper , which he smooth flat and hold out to show the other . it be the photograph of Ron and his family that have appear in the Daily Prophet the previous summer , and there , on Ron 's shoulder , be Scabbers . " how do you get this ? " lupin ask Black , thunderstruck . " fudge , " say Black . " when he come to inspect Azkaban last year , he give me his paper . and there be Peter , on the front page on this boy 's shoulder ... I know him at once ... how many time have I see him transform ? and the caption say the boy would be go back to Hogwarts ... to where Harry be ... " " My God , " say Lupin softly , stare from Scabbers to the picture in the paper and back again . " his front paw ... " " what about it ? " say Ron defiantly . " he be get a toe miss , " say Black . " of course , " Lupin breathe . " so simple ... so brilliant ... he cut it off himself ? " " just before he transform , " say Black . " when I corner him , he yell for the whole street to hear that I have betray Lily and James . then , before I could curse him , he blow apart the street with the wand behind his back , kill everyone within twenty foot of himself -- and speed down into the sewer with the other rat ... " " do n't you ever hear , Ron ? " say Lupin . " the big bit of Peter they find be his finger . " " look , Scabbers probably have a fight with another rat or something ! he have be in my family for age , right - " " twelve year , in fact , " say Lupin . " do n't you ever wonder why he be live so long ? " " we -- we have be take good care of him ! " say Ron . " not look too good at the moment , though , be he ? " say Lupin . " I will guess he have be lose weight ever since he hear Sirius be on the loose again ... " " he have be scare of that mad cat ! " say Ron , nod toward Crookshanks , who be still purr on the bed . but that be n't right , Harry think suddenly ... Scabbers have be look ill before he meet Crookshanks ... ever since Ron 's return from Egypt ... since the time when Black have escape ... " this cat be n't mad , " say Black hoarsely . he reach out a bony hand and stroke Crookshanks 's fluffy head . " he be the most intelligent of his kind I have ever meet . he recognize Peter for what he be right away . and when he meet me , he know I be no dog . it be a while before he trust me ... finally , I manage to communicate to him what I be after , and he have be help me ... " " what do you mean ? " breathe Hermione . " he try to bring Peter to me , but could n't ... so he steal the password into Gryffindor Tower for me ... as I understand it , he take them from a boy 's bedside table ... " Harry 's brain seem to be sag under the weight of what he be hear . it be absurd ... and yet ... " but Peter get wind of what be go on and run for it . " croak Black . " this cat -- Crookshanks , do you call him ? -- tell me Peter have leave blood on the sheet ... I suppose he bite himself ... well , fake his own death have work once . " these word jolt Harry to his sense . " and why do he fake his death ? " he say furiously . " because he know you be about to kill him like you kill my parent ! " " no , " say Lupin , " Harry - " " and now you have come to finish him off ! " " yes , I have , " say Black , with an evil look at Scabbers . " then I should have let Snape take you ! " Harry shout . " Harry , " say Lupin hurriedly , " do n't you see ? all this time we have think Sirius betray your parent , and Peter track him down -- but it be the other way around , do n't you see ? Peter betray your mother and father -- Sirius track Peter down - " " THAT 's NOT True ! " Harry yell . " he WAS THEIR SECRET-KEEPER ! he SAID So BEFORE you turn up . he SAID He KILLED Them ! " he be point at Black , who shake his head slowly ; the sunken eye be suddenly over bright . " Harry ... I as good as kill them , " he croak . " I persuade Lily and James to change to Peter at the last moment , persuade them to use him as Secret-Keeper instead of me ... I be to blame , I know it ... the night they die , I have arrange to check on Peter , make sure he be still safe , but when I arrive at his hiding place , he have go . yet there be no sign of a struggle . it do n't feel right . I be scare . I set out for your parent ' house straight away . and when I see their house , destroy , and their body ... I realize what Peter must have do ... what I have do ... " his voice break . he turn away . " enough of this , " say Lupin , and there be a steely note in his voice Harry have never hear before . " there be one certain way to prove what really happen . Ron , give me that rat . " " what be you go to do with him if I give him to you ? " Ron ask Lupin tensely . " force him to show himself , " say Lupin . " if he really be a rat , it wo n't hurt him . " Ron hesitate . then at long last , he hold out Scabbers and Lupin take him . Scabbers begin to squeak without stopping , twist and turn , his tiny black eye bulge in his head . " ready , Sirius ? " say Lupin . Black have already retrieve Snape 's wand from the bed . he approach Lupin and the struggle rat , and his wet eye suddenly seem to be burn in his face . " together ? " he say quietly . " I think so " , say Lupin , hold Scabbers tightly in one hand and his wand in the other . " on the count of three . one -- two -- Three ! " a flash of blue-white light erupt from both wand ; for a moment , Scabbers be freeze in midair , his small gray form twist madly -- Ron yell -- the rat fall and hit the floor . there be another blind flash of light and then - it be like watch a speeded-up film of a grow tree . a head be shoot upward from the ground ; limb be sprout ; a moment later , a man be stand where Scabbers have be , cringe and wring his hand . Crookshanks be spit and snarl on the bed ; the hair on his back be stand up . he be a very short man , hardly tall than Harry and Hermione . his thin , colorless hair be unkempt and there be a large bald patch on top . he have the shrunken appearance of a plump man who have lose a lot of weight in a short time . his skin look grubby , almost like Scabbers 's fur , and something of the rat linger around his pointed nose and his very small , watery eye . he look around at them all , his breathe fast and shallow . Harry see his eye dart to the door and back again . " well , hello , Peter , " say Lupin pleasantly , as though rat frequently erupt into old school friend around him . " long time , no see . " " SSirius ... RRemus ... " even Pettigrew 's voice be squeaky . again , his eye dart toward the door . " my friend ... my old friend ... " Black 's wand arm rise , but Lupin seize him around the wrist , give him a warning take , then turn again to Pettigrew , his voice light and casual . " we have be have a little chat , Peter , about what happen the night Lily and James die . you might have miss the fine point while you be squeak around down there on the bed - " " Remus , " gasp Pettigrew , and Harry could see bead of sweat break out over his pasty face , " you do n't believe him , do you ... ? he try to kill me , Remus ... " " so we have hear , " say Lupin , more coldly . " I will like to clear up one or two little matter with you , Peter , if you will be so - " " he be come to try and kill me again ! " Pettigrew squeak suddenly , point at Black , and Harry see that he use his middle finger , because his index be miss . " he kill Lily and James and now he be go to kill me too ... you have get to help me , Remus ... " Black 's face look more skull-like than ever as he stare at Pettigrew with his fathomless eye . " no one be go to try and kill you until we have sort a few thing out , " say Lupin . " sort thing out ? " squeal Pettigrew , look wildly about him once more , eye take in the board window and , again , the only door . " I know he will come after me ! I know he will be back for me ! I have be wait for this for twelve year ! " " you know Sirius be go to break out of Azkaban ? " say Lupin , his brow furrow . " when nobody have ever do it before ? " " he be get dark power the rest of us can only dream of ! " Pettigrew shout shrilly . " how else do he get out of there ? I suppose He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named teach him a few trick ! " Black start to laugh , a horrible , mirthless laugh that fill the whole room . " Voldemort , teach me trick ? " he say . Pettigrew flinch as though Black have brandish a whip at him . " what , scare to hear your old master 's name ? " say Black . " I do n't blame you , Peter . his lot be n't very happy with you , be they ? " " do n't know what you mean , Sirius - " mutter Pettigrew , his breathing faster than ever . his whole face be shine with sweat now . " you have n't be hide from me for twelve year , " say Black . " you have be hide from Voldemort 's old supporter . I hear thing in Azkaban , Peter ... they all think you be dead , or you will have to answer to them ... I have hear them scream all sort of thing in their sleep . sound like they think the double-crosser double-cross them . Voldemort go to the Potters ' on your information ... and Voldemort meet his downfall there . and not all Voldemort 's supporter end up in Azkaban , do they ? there be still plenty out here , bide their time , pretend they have see the error of their way . if they ever get wind that you be still alive , Peter - " " do n't know ... what you be talk about ... " say Pettigrew again , more shrilly than ever . he wipe his face on his sleeve and look up at Lupin . " you do n't believe this -- this madness , Remus - " " I must admit , Peter , I have difficulty in understand why an innocent man would want to spend twelve year as a rat , " say Lupin evenly . " innocent , but scare ! " squeal Pettigrew . " if Voldemort 's supporter be after me , it be because I put one of their good man in Azkaban -- the spy , Sirius Black ! " Black 's face contort . " how dare you , " he growl , sound suddenly like the bearsized dog he have be . " I , a spy for Voldemort ? when do I ever sneak around people who be strong and more powerful than myself ? but you , Peter -- I will never understand why I do n't see you be the spy from the start . you always like big friend who will look after you , do n't you ? it use to be us ... me and Remus ... and James ... " Pettigrew wipe his face again ; he be almost pant for breath . " me , a spy ... must be out of your mind ... never ... do n't know how you can say such a - " " Lily and James only make you Secret-Keeper because I suggest it , " Black hiss , so venomously that Pettigrew take a step backward . " I think it be the perfect plan ... a bluff ... Voldemort would be sure to come after me , would never dream they will use a weak , talentless thing like you ... it must have be the fine moment of your miserable life , tell Voldemort you could hand him the Potters . " Pettigrew be mutter distractedly ; Harry catch word like " far-fetched " and " lunacy , " but he could n't help pay more attention to the ashen color of Pettigrew 's face and the way his eye continue to dart toward the window and door . " Professor Lupin ? " say Hermione timidly . " can -- can I say something ? " " certainly , Hermione , " say Lupin courteously . " well -- Scabbers -- I mean , this -- this man -- he have be sleep in Harry 's dormitory for three year . if he be work for You-Know-Who , how come he never try to hurt Harry before now ? " " there ! " say Pettigrew shrilly , point at Ron with his maim hand . " thank you ! you see , Remus ? I have never hurt a hair of Harry 's head ! why should I ? " " I will tell you why , " say Black . " because you never do anything for anyone unless you could see what be in it for you . Voldemort have be in hide for fifteen year , they say he be half dead . you be n't about to commit murder right under Albus Dumbledore 's nose , for a wreck of a wizard who have lose all of his power , be you ? you will want to be quite sure he be the big bully in the playground before you go back to him , would n't you ? why else do you find a wizard family to take you in ? keep an ear out for news , be n't you , Peter ? just in case your old protector regain strength , and it be safe to rejoin him ... " Pettigrew open his mouth and close it several time . he seem to have lose the ability to talk . " er -- Mr. Black -- Sirius ? " say Hermione . Black jump at be address like this and stare at Hermione as though he have never see anything quite like her . " if you do n't mind me ask , how -- how do you get out of Azkaban , if you do n't use Dark Magic ? " " thank you ! " gasp Pettigrew , nod frantically at her . " exactly ! precisely what I - " but Lupin silence him with a look . Black be frown slightly at Hermione , but not as though he be annoy with her . he seem to be ponder his answer . " I do n't know how I do it , " he say slowly . " I think the only reason I never lose my mind be that I know I be innocent . that be n't a happy thought , so the Dementors could n't suck it out of me ... but it keep me sane and knowing who I be ... help me keep my power ... so when it all become ... too much ... I could transform in my cell ... become a dog . Dementors ca n't see , you know ... " he swallow . " they feel their way toward people by feed off their emotion ... they could tell that my feeling be less -- less human , less complex when I be a dog ... but they think , of course , that I be lose my mind like everyone else in there , so it do n't trouble them . but I be weak , very weak , and I have no hope of drive them away from me without a wand ... " but then I see Peter in that picture ... I realize he be at Hogwarts with Harry ... perfectly position to act , if one hint reach his ear that the Dark Side be gather strength again ... " Pettigrew be shake his head , mouth noiselessly , but stare all the while at Black as though hypnotize . " ... ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of ally ... and to deliver the last Potter to them . if he give them Harry , who will dare say he have betray Lord Voldemort ? he will be welcome back with honors ... " so you see , I have to do something . I be the only one who know Peter be still alive ... " Harry remember what Mr. Weasley have tell Mrs. Wealsey . " the guard say he have be talk in his sleep ... always the same word ... ' he be at Hogwarts . ' " " it be as if someone have light a fire in my head , and the Dementors could n't destroy it ... it be n't a happy feeling ... it be an obsession ... but it give me strength , it clear my mind . so , one night when they open my door to bring food , I slip past them as a dog ... it be so much hard for them to sense animal emotion that they be confuse ... I be thin , very thin ... thin enough to slip through the bar ... I swim as a dog back to the mainland ... I journey north and slip into the Hogwarts ground as a dog . I have be live in the forest ever since , except when I come to watch the Quidditch , of course . you fly as well as your father do , Harry ... " he look at Harry , who do not look away . " believe me , " croak Black . " believe me , Harry . I never betray James and Lily . I would have die before I betray them . " and at long last , Harry believe him . throat too tight to speak , he nod . " no ! " Pettigrew have fall to his knee as though Harry 's nod have be his own death sentence . he shuffle forward on his knee , grovel , his hand clasp in front of him as though pray . " Sirius -- it be me ... it be Peter ... your friend ... you would n't - " Black kick out and Pettigrew recoil . " there be enough filth on my robe without you touch them , " say Black . " Remus ! " Pettigrew squeak , turn to Lupin instead , writhe imploringly in front of him . " you do n't believe this -- would n't Sirius have tell you they have change the plan ? " " not if he think I be the spy , Peter , " say Lupin . " I assume that be why you do n't tell me , Sirius ? " he say casually over Pettigrew 's head . " forgive me , Remus , " say Black . " not at all , Padfoot , old friend , " say Lupin , who be now roll up his sleeve . " and will you , in turn , forgive me for believe you be the spy ? " " of course , " say Black , and the ghost of a grin flit across his gaunt face . he , too , begin roll up his sleeve . " shall we kill him together ? " " yes , I think so , " say Lupin grimly . " you would n't ... you wo n't ... " gasp Pettigrew . and he scramble around to Ron . " Ron ... have n't I be a good friend ... a good pet ? you wo n't let them kill me , Ron , will you ... you be on my side , be n't you ? " but Ron be stare at Pettigrew with the utmost revulsion . " I let you sleep in my bed ! " he say . " kind boy ... kind master ... " Pettigrew crawl toward Ron " you wo n't let them do it ... I be your rat ... I be a good pet ... " " if you make a good rat than a human , it be not much to boast about , Peter , " say Black harshly . Ron , go still pale with pain , wrench his break leg out of Pettigrew 's reach . Pettigrew turn on his knee , stagger forward , and seize the hem of Hermione 's robe . " sweet girl ... clever girl ... you -- you wo n't let them ... help me ... " Hermione pull her robe out of Pettigrew 's clutch hand and back away against the wall , look horrify . Pettigrew kneel , tremble uncontrollably , and turn his head slowly toward Harry . " Harry ... Harry ... you look just like your father ... just like him ... " " How Dare you SPEAK To Harry ? " roar Black . " how Dare you Face HIM ? how Dare you TALK ABOUT James in Front of HIM ? " " Harry , " whisper Pettigrew , shuffle toward him , hand outstretch . " Harry , James would n't have want me kill ... James would have understand , Harry ... he would have show me mercy ... " both Black and Lupin stride forward , seize Pettigrew 's shoulder , and throw him backward onto the floor . he sit there , twitch with terror , stare up at them . " you sell Lily and James to Voldemort , " say Black , who be shake too . " do you deny it ? " Pettigrew burst into tear . it be horrible to watch , like an oversized , balding baby , cower on the floor . " Sirius , Sirius , what could I have do ? the Dark Lord ... you have no idea ... he have weapon you ca n't imagine ... I be scare , Sirius , I be never brave like you and Remus and James . I never mean it to happen ... He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named force me - " " do N'T Lie ! " bellow Black . " you 'D Been PASSING Information To HIM for a Year BEFORE Lily and James DIED ! you WERE HIS Spy ! " " he -- he be take over everywhere ! " gasp Pettigrew . " Wh-what be there to be gain by refuse him ? " " what be there to be gain by fight the most evil wizard who have ever exist ? " say Black , with a terrible fury in his face . " only innocent life , Peter ! " " you do n't understand ! " whine Pettigrew . " he would have kill me , Sirius ! " " then you SHOULD Have DIED ! " roar Black . " die Rather Than BETRAY YOUR Friends , AS WE WOULD Have Done for you ! " Black and Lupin stand shoulder to shoulder , wand raise . " you should have realize , " say Lupin quietly , " if Voldemort do n't kill you , we would . goodbye , Peter . " Hermione cover her face with her hand and turn to the wall . " no ! " Harry yell . he run forward , place himself in front Pettigrew , face the wand . " you ca n't kill him , " he say breathlessly . " you ca n't . " Black and Lupin both look staggered . " Harry , this piece of vermin be the reason you have no parent , " Black snarl . " this cringe bit of filth would have see you die too , without turn a hair . you hear him . his own stinking skin mean more to him than your whole family . " " I know , " Harry pant . " we will take him up to the castle . we will hand him over to the Dementors ... he can go to Azkaban ... but do n't kill him . " " Harry ! " gasp Pettigrew , and he fling his arm around Harry 's knee . " you -- thank you -- it be more than I deserve -- thank you - " " get off me , " Harry spit , throw Pettigrew 's hand off him in disgust . " I be not do this for you . I be do it because -- I do n't reckon my dad would have want them to become killer -- just for you . " no one move or make a sound except Pettigrew , whose breath be come in wheeze as he clutch his chest . Black and Lupin be look at each other . then , with one movement , they lower their wand . " you be the only person who have the right to decide , Harry , " say Black . " but think ... think what he do ... " " he can go to Azkaban , " Harry repeat . " if anyone deserve that place , he do ... " Pettigrew be still wheeze behind him . " very well , " say Lupin . " stand aside , Harry . " Harry hesitate . " I be go to tie him up , " say Lupin . " that be all , I swear . " Harry step out of the way . thin cord shoot from Lupin 's wand this time , and next moment , Pettigrew be wriggle on the floor , bind and gag . " but if you transform , Peter , " growl Black , his own wand point at Pettigrew too , " we will kill you . you agree , Harry ? " Harry look down at the pitiful figure on the floor and nod so that Pettigrew could see him . " right , " say Lupin , suddenly businesslike . " Ron , I ca n't mend bone nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey , so I think it be good if we just strap your leg up until we can get you to the hospital wing . " he hurry over to Ron , bend down , tap Ron 's leg with his wand , and mutter , " Ferula . " bandage spin up Ron 's leg , strap it tightly to a splint . lupin help him to his foot ; Ron put his weight gingerly on the leg and do n't wince . " that be good , " he say . " thanks . " " what about Professor Snape ? " say Hermione in a small voice , look down at Snape 's prone figure . " there be nothing seriously wrong with him , " say Lupin , bend over Snape and check his pulse . " you be just a little -- overenthusiastic . still out cold . er -- perhaps it will be good if we do n't revive him until we be safety back in the castle . we can take him like this ... " he mutter , " Mobilicorpus . " as though invisible string be tie to Snape 's wrist , neck , and knee , he be pull into a standing position , head still loll unpleasantly , like a grotesque puppet . he hang a few inch above the ground , his limp foot dangling . lupin pick up the Invisibility Cloak and tuck it safely into his pocket . " and two of us should be chain to this , " say Black , nudge Pettigrew with his toe . " just to make sure . " " I will do it , " say Lupin . " and me , " say Ron savagely , limp forward . Black conjure heavy manacle from thin air ; soon Pettigrew be upright again , leave arm chain to Lupin 's right , right arm to Ron 's left . Ron 's face be set . he seem to have take Scabbers 's true identity as a personal insult . Crookshanks leap lightly off the bed and lead the way out of the room , his bottlebrush tail hold jauntily high . chapter TWENTY The Dementor 's Kiss Harry have never be part of a stranger group . Crookshanks lead the way down the stair ; Lupin , Pettigrew , and Ron go next , look like entrant in a six-legged race . Next come Professor Snape , drift creepily along , his toe hit each stair as they descend , hold up by his own wand , which be be point at him by Sirius . Harry and Hermione bring up the rear . get back into the tunnel be difficult . lupin , Pettigrew , and Ron have to turn sideways to manage it ; Lupin still have Pettigrew cover with his wand . Harry could see them edge awkwardly along the tunnel in single file . Crookshanks be still in the lead . Harry go right after Black , who be still make Snape drift along ahead of them ; he keep bump his loll head on the low ceiling . Harry have the impression Black be make no effort to prevent this . " you know what this mean ? " Black say abruptly to Harry as they make their slow progress along the tunnel . " turn Pettigrew in ? " " you be free , " say Harry . " yes ... " say Black . " but I be also -- I do n't know if anyone ever tell you -- I be your godfather . " " yeah , I know that , " say Harry . " well ... your parent appoint me your guardian , " say Black stiffly . " if anything happen to them ... " Harry wait . do Black mean what he think he mean ? " I will understand , of course , if you want to stay with your aunt and uncle , " say Black . " but ... well ... think about it . once my name be clear ... if you want a ... a different home ... " some sort of explosion take place in the pit of Harry 's stomach . " what -- live with you ? " he say , accidentally crack his head on a bit of rock protrude from the ceiling . " leave the Dursley ? " " of course , I think you would n't want to , " say Black quickly . " I understand , I just think I will - " " be you insane ? " say Harry , his voice easily as croaky as Black 's . " of course I want to leave the Dursley ! have you get a house ? when can I move in ? " Black turn right around to look at him ; Snape 's head be scrape the ceiling but Black do n't seem to care . " you want to ? " he say . " you mean it ? " " yeah , I mean it ! " say Harry . Black 's gaunt face break into the first true smile Harry have see upon it . the difference it make be startling , as though a person ten year young be shine through the starve mask ; for a moment , he be recognizable as the man who have laugh at Harry 's parent ' wedding . they do not speak again until they have reach the end of the tunnel . Crookshanks dart up first ; he have evidently press his paw to the knot on the trunk , because Lupin , Pettigrew , and Ron clamber upward without any sound of savage branch . Black see Snape up through the hole , then stand back for Harry and Hermione to pass . at last , all of them be out . the ground be very dark now ; the only light come from the distant window of the castle . without a word , they set off . Pettigrew be still wheeze and occasionally whimper . Harry 's mind be buzz . he be go to leave the Dursley . he be go to live with Sirius Black , his parent ' good friend ... he feel daze ... what would happen when he tell the Dursley he be go to live with the convict they have see on television ... ! " one wrong move , Peter , " say Lupin threateningly ahead . his wand be still point sideways at Pettigrew 's chest . silently they tramp through the ground , the castle light grow slowly large . Snape be still drift weirdly ahead of Black , his chin bump on his chest . and then - a cloud shift . there be suddenly dim shadow on the ground . their party be bath in moonlight . Snape collide with Lupin , Pettigrew , and Ron , who have stop abruptly . Black freeze . he fling out one arm to make Harry and Hermione stop . Harry could see Lupin 's silhouette . he have go rigid . then his limb begin to shake . " oh , my - " Hermione gasp . " he do n't take his potion tonight ! he be not safe ! " " run , " Black whisper . " run . now . " but Harry could n't run . Ron be chain to Pettigrew and Lupin . he leap forward but Black catch him around the chest and throw him back . " leave it to me -- run ! " there be a terrible snarl noise . lupin 's head be lengthen . so be his body . his shoulder be hunch . hair be sprout visibly on his face and hand , which be curl into claw paw . Crookshanks 's hair be on end again ; he be back away - as the werewolf rear , snap its long jaw , Sirius disappear from Harry 's side . he have transform . the enormous , bearlike dog bound forward . as the werewolf wrench itself free of the manacle bind it , the dog seize it about the neck and pull it backward , away from Ron and Pettigrew . they be lock , jaw to jaw , claw rip at each other . Harry stand , transfix by the sight , too intent upon the battle to notice anything else . it be Hermione 's scream that alert him - Pettigrew have dive for Lupin 's drop wand . Ron , unsteady on his bandage leg , fall . there be a bang , a burst of light -- and Ron lie motionless on the ground . another bang -- Crookshanks fly into the air and back to the earth in a heap . " Expelliarmus . " Harry yell , point his own wand at Pettigrew ; Lupin 's wand fly high into the air and out of sight . " stay where you be ! " Harry shout , run forward . too late . Pettigrew have transform . Harry see his bald tail whip through the manacle on Ron 's outstretch arm and hear a scurry through the grass . there be a howl and a rumble growl ; Harry turn to see the werewolf take flight ; it be gallop into the forest - " Sirius , he be go , Pettigrew transform ! " Harry yell . Black be bleed ; there be gash across his muzzle and back , but at Harry 's word he scramble up again , and in an instant , the sound of his paw fade to silence as he pound away across the ground . Harry and Hermione dash over to Ron . " what do he do to him ? " Hermione whisper . Ron 's eye be only half-closed , his mouth hang open ; he be definitely alive , they could hear him breathing , but he do n't seem to recognize them . " I do n't know ... " Harry look desperately around . Black and Lupin both go ... they have no one but Snape for company , still hang , unconscious , in midair . " we will well get them up to the castle and tell someone , " say Harry , push his hair out of his eye , try to think straight . " come - " but then , from beyond the range of their vision , they hear a yelp , a whine : a dog in pain ... " Sirius , " Harry mutter , stare into the darkness . he have a moment 's indecision , but there be nothing they could do for Ron at the moment , and by the sound of it , Black be in trouble - Harry set off at a run , Hermione right behind him . the yelp seem to be come from the ground near the edge of the lake . they pelt toward it , and Harry , run flat out , feel the cold without realize what it must mean - the yelp stop abruptly . as they reach the lakeshore , they see why -- Sirius have turn back into a man . he be crouch on all four , his hand over his head . " Nooo , " he moan . " Nooo ... please ... " and then Harry see them . Dementors , at least a hundred of them , glide in a black mass around the lake toward them . he spin around , the familiar , icy cold penetrate his inside , fog start to obscure his vision ; more be appear out of the darkness on every side ; they be encircle them ... " Hermione , think of something happy ! " Harry yell , raise his wand , blink furiously to try and clear his vision , shake his head to rid it of the faint scream that have start inside it - I be go to live with my godfather . I be leave the Dursley . he force himself to think of Black , and only Black , and begin to chant : " Expecto patronum ! Expecto patronum ! " Black give a shudder , roll over , and lie motionless on the ground , pale as death . he will be all right . I be go to go and live with him . " Expecto patronum ! Hermione , help me ! Expecto patronum ! " " Expecto - " Hermione whisper , " expecto -- expecto - " but she could n't do it . the Dementors be close in , barely ten foot from them . they form a solid wall around Harry and Hermione , and be get closer ... " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " Harry yell , try to blot the scream from his ear . " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " a thin wisp of silver escape his wand and hover like mist before him . at the same moment , Harry feel Hermione collapse next to him . he be alone ... completely alone ... " Expecto -- expecto patronum - " Harry feel his knee hit the cold grass . fog be cloud his eye . with a huge effort , he fight to remember -- Sirius be innocent -- innocent -- we will be okay -- I be go to live with him - " Expecto patronum ! " he gasp . by the feeble light of his formless Patronus , he see a Dementor halt , very close to him . it could n't walk through the cloud of silver mist Harry have conjure . a dead , slimy hand slide out from under the cloak . it make a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus aside . " no -- no - " Harry gasp . " he be innocent ... expecto expecto patronum - " he could foot them watch him , hear their rattle breath like an evil wind around him . the near Dementor seem to be consider him . then it raise both its rot hand -- and lower its hood . where there should have be eye , there be only thin , gray scab skin , stretch blankly over empty socket . but there be a mouth ... a gape , shapeless hole , suck the air with the sound of a death rattle . a paralyze terror fill Harry so that he could n't move or speak . his Patronus flicker and die . White fog be blind him . he have to fight ... expecto patronum ... he could n't see ... and in the distance , he hear the familiar scream ... expecto patronum ... he grope in the mist for Sirius , and find his arm ... they be n't go to take him ... but a pair of strong , clammy hand suddenly attach themselves around Harry 's neck . they be force his face upward ... he could feel its breath ... it be go to get rid of him first ... he could feel its putrid breath ... his mother be scream in his ear ... she be go to be the last thing he ever hear - and then , through the fog that be drown him , he think he see a silvery light grow bright and bright ... he feel himself fall forward onto the grass ... Facedown , too weak to move , sick and shake , Harry open his eye . the Dementor must have release him . the blinding light be illuminate the grass around him ... the scream have stop , the cold be ebb away ... something be drive the Dementors back ... it be circle around him and Black and Hermione ... they be leave ... the air be warm again ... with every ounce of strength he could muster , Harry raise his head a few inch and see an animal amid the light , gallop away across the lake ... eye blur with sweat , Harry try to make out what it be ... it be as bright as a unicorn ... fighting to stay conscious , Harry watch it can'ter to a halt as it reach the opposite shore . for a moment , Harry see , by its brightness , somebody welcome it back ... raise his hand to pat it ... someone who look strangely familiar ... but it could n't be ... Harry do n't understand . he could n't think anymore . he feel the last of his strength leave him , and his head hit the ground as he faint . chapter TWENTY-ONE Hermione 's secret " shocking business ... shocking ... miracle none of them die ... never hear the like ... by thunder , it be lucky you be there , Snape ... " " thank you , Minister . " " order of Merlin , Second Class , I will say . First Class , if I can wangle it ! " " thank you very much indeed , Minister . " " nasty cut you have get there ... Black 's work , I suppose ? " " as a matter of fact , it be Potter , Weasley , and Granger , Minister ... " " no ! " " Black have bewitch them , I see it immediately . a Confundus Charm , to judge by their behavior . they seem to think there be a possibility he be innocent . they be n't responsible for their action . on the other hand , their interference might have permit Black to escape ... they obviously think they be go to catch Black single-handed . they have get away with a great deal before now ... I be afraid it have give them a rather high opinion of themselves ... and of course Potter have always be allow an extraordinary amount of license by the headmaster - " " ah , well , Snape ... Harry Potter , you know ... we have all get a bit of a blind spot where he be concerned . " " and yet -- be it good for him to be give so much special treatment ? personally , I try and treat him like any other student . and any other student would be suspend -- at the very least -- for lead his friend into such danger . consider , Minister -- against all school rule -- after all the precaution put in place for his protection -- out-of-bound , at night , consort with a werewolf and a murderer -- and I have reason to believe he have be visit Hogsmeade illegally too - " " well , well ... we shall see , Snape , we shall see ... the boy have undoubtedly be foolish ... " Harry lie listen with his eye tight shut . he feel very groggy . the word he be hearing seem to be travel very slowly from his ear to his brain , so that it be difficult to understand ... his limb feel like lead ; his eyelid too heavy to lift ... he want to lie here , on this comfortable bed , forever ... " what amaze me most be the behavior of the Dementors ... you have really no idea what make them retreat , Snape ? " " no , Minister ... by the time I have come ' around they be head back to their position at the entrance ... " " Extraordinary . and yet Black , and Harry , and the girl - " " all unconscious by the time I reach them . I bind and gag Black , naturally , conjure stretcher , and bring them all straight back to the castle . " there be a pause . Harry 's brain seem to be move a little fast , and as it do , a gnawing sensation grow in the pit of his stomach ... he open his eye . everything be slightly blur . somebody have remove his glass . he be lie in the dark hospital wing . at the very end of the ward , he could make out Madam Pomfrey with her back to him , bend over a bed . Harry squint . Ron 's red hair be visible beneath Madam Pomfrey 's arm . Harry move his head over on the pillow . in the bed to his right lie Hermione . moonlight be fall across her bed . her eye be open too . she look petrify , and when she see that Harry be awake , press a finger to her lip , then point to the hospital wing door . it be ajar , and the voice of Cornelius Fudge and Snape be come through it from the corridor outside . madam Pomfrey now come walk briskly up the dark ward to Harry 's bed . he turn to take at her . she be carry the large block of chocolate he have ever see in his life . it look like a small boulder . " ah , you be awake ! " she say briskly . she place the chocolate on Harry 's bedside table and begin break it apart with a small hammer . " how be Ron ? " say Harry and Hermione together . " he will live , " say Madam Pomfrey grimly . " as for you two , you will be stay here until I be satisfied you be -- Potter , what do you think you be do ? " Harry be sit up , put his glass back on , and pick up his wand . " I need to see the headmaster , " he say . " Potter , " say Madam Pomfrey soothingly , " it be all right . they have get Black . he be lock away upstairs . the Dementors will be perform the kiss any moment now - " " what ? " Harry jump up out of bed ; Hermione have do the same . but his shout have be hear in the corridor outside ; next second , Cornelius Fudge and Snape have enter the ward . " Harry , Harry , what be this ? " say Fudge , look agitate . " you should be in bed -- have he have any chocolate ? " he ask Madam Pomfrey anxiously . " Minister , listen ! " Harry say . " Sirius Black 's innocent ! Peter Pettigrew fake his own death ! we see him tonight ! you ca n't let the Dementors do that thing to Sirius , he be - " but Fudge be shake his head with a small smile on his face . " Harry , Harry , you be very confuse , you have be through a dreadful ordeal , lie back down , now , we have get everything under control ... " " you Have N'T ! " Harry yell . " you 'VE Got THE WRONG Man ! " " minister , listen , please , " Hermione say ; she have hurry to Harry 's side and be gaze imploringly into Fudge 's face . " I see him too . it be Ron 's rat , he be an Animagus , Pettigrew , I mean , and - " " you see , Minister ? " say Snape . " Confunded , both of them ... Black have do a very good job on them ... " " WE 'RE NOT CONFUNDED ! " Harry roar . " minister ! professor ! " say Madam Pomfrey angrily . " I must insist that you leave . Potter be my patient , and he should not be distressed ! " " I be not distressed , I be try to tell them what happen ! " Harry say furiously . " if they will just listen - " but Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuff a large chunk of chocolate into Harry"s mouth ; he choke , and she seize the opportunity to force him back onto the bed . " now , please , Minister , these child need care . please leave . " the door open again . it be Dumbledore . Harry swallow his mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty and get up again . " Professor Dumbledore , Sirius Black - " " for heaven 's sake ! " say Madam Pomfrey hysterically . " be this a hospital wing or not ? headmaster , I must insist - " " my apology , Poppy , but I need a word with Mr. Potter and Miss Granger , " say Dumbledore calmly . " I have just be talk to Sirius Black - " " I suppose he have tell you the same fairy tale he be plant in Potter 's mind ? " spit Snape . " something about a rat , and Pettigrew be alive - " " that , indeed , be Black 's story , " say Dumbledore , survey Snape closely through his halfmoon spectacle . " and do my evidence count for nothing ? " snarl Snape . " Peter Pettigrew be not in the Shrieking Shack , nor do I see any sign of him on the ground . " " that be because you be knock out , Professor ! " say Hermione earnestly . " you do n't arrive in time to hear . " " Miss Granger , HOLD YOUR Tongue ! " " now , Snape , " say Fudge , startle , " the young lady be disturb in her mind , we must make allowance - " " I would like to speak to Harry and Hermione alone , " say Dumbledore abruptly . " Cornelius , Severus , Poppy -- please leave us . " " headmaster ! " sputter Madam Pomfrey . " they need treatment , they need rest - " " this can wait , " say Dumbledore . " I must insist . " madam Pomfrey purse her lip and stride away into her office at the end of the ward , slam the door behind her . fudge consult the large gold pocket watch dangle from his waistcoat . " the Dementors should have arrive by now , " he say . " I will go and meet them . Dumbledore , I will see you upstairs . " he cross to the door and hold it open for Snape , but Snape have n't move . " you surely do n't believe a word of Black 's story ? " Snape whisper , his eye fix on Dumbledore 's face . " I wish to speak to Harry and Hermione alone , " Dumbledore repeat . Snape take a step toward Dumbledore . " Sirius Black show he be capable of murder at the age of sixteen , " he breathe . " you have n't forget that , Headmaster ? you have n't forget that he once try to kill me ? " " my memory be as good as it ever be , Severus , " say Dumbledore quietly . Snape turn on his heel and march through the door Fudge be still hold . it close behind them , and Dumbledore turn to Harry and Hermione . they both burst into speech at the same time . " professor , Black be tell the truth -- we see Pettigrew -- he escape when Professor Lupin turn into a werewolf - " " - he be a rat - " " - Pettigrew 's front paw , I mean , finger , he cut it off - " " - Pettigrew attack Ron , it be n't Sirius - " but Dumbledore hold up his hand to stem the flood of explanation . " it be your turn to listen , and I beg you will not interrupt me , because there be very little time , " he say quietly . " there be not a shred of proof to support Black 's story , except your word -- and the word of two thirteen-year-old wizard will not convince anybody . a street full of eyewitness swear they see Sirius murder Pettigrew . I myself give evidence to the Ministry that Sirius have be the Potters ' Secret-Keeper . " " Professor Lupin can tell you - " Harry say , unable to stop himself " Professor Lupin be currently deep in the forest , unable to tell anyone anything . by the time he be human again , it will be too late , Sirius will be bad than dead . I might add that werewolf be so mistrust by most of our kind that his support will count for very little and the fact that he and Sirius be old friend - " " but - " " Listen to me , Harry . it be too late , you understand me ? you must see that Professor Snape 's version of event be far more convincing than yours . " " he hate Sirius , " Hermione say desperately . " all because of some stupid trick Sirius play on him - " " Sirius have not act like an innocent man . the attack on the Fat Lady -- enter Gryffindor Tower with a knife -- without Pettigrew , alive or dead , we have no chance of overturn Sirius 's sentence . " " but you believe us . " " yes , I do , " say Dumbledore quietly . " but I have no power to make other man see the truth , or to overrule the Minister of Magic ... " Harry stare up into the grave face and feel as though the ground beneath him be fall sharply away . he have grow use to the idea that Dumbledore could solve anything . he have expect Dumbledore to pull some amazing solution out of the air . but no ... their last hope be go . " what we need , " say Dumbledore slowly , and his light blue eye move from Harry to Hermione , " be more time . " " but - " Hermione begin . and then her eye become very round . " oh ! " " now , pay attention , " say Dumbledore , speak very low , and very clearly . " Sirius be lock in Professor Flitwick 's office on the seventh floor . thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower . if all go well , you will be able to save more than one innocent life tonight . but remember this , both of you : you must not be see . Miss Granger , you know the law -- you know what be at stake ... you -- must -- not -- be - see . " Harry do n't have a clue what be go on . Dumbledore have turn on his heel and look back as he reach the door . " I be go to lock you in . it be - " he consult his watch , " five minute to midnight . Miss Granger , three turn should do it . good luck . " " good luck ? " Harry repeat as the door close behind Dumbledore . " three turn ? what be he talk about ? what be we suppose to do ? " but Hermione be fumble with the neck of her robe , pull from beneath them a very long , very fine gold chain . " Harry , come here , " she say urgently . " quick ! " Harry move toward her , completely bewilder . she be hold the chain out . he see a tiny , sparkling hourglass hang from it . " here - " she have throw the chain around his neck too . " ready ? " she say breathlessly . " what be we do ? " Harry say , completely lose . Hermione turn the hourglass over three time . the dark ward dissolve . Harry have the sensation that he be fly very fast , backward . a blur of color and shape rush past him , his ear be pound , he try to yell but could n't hear his own voice - and then he feel solid ground beneath his foot , and everything come into focus again - he be stand next to Hermione in the desert entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight be fall across the paved floor from the open front door . he look wildly around at Hermione , the chain of the hourglass cut into his neck . " Hermione , what - ? " " in here ! " Hermione seize Harry 's arm and drag him across the hall to the door of a broom closet ; she open it , push him inside among the bucket and mop , then slam the door behind them . " what -- how -- Hermione , what happen ? " " we have go back in time , " Hermione whisper , lift the chain off Harry 's neck in the darkness . " three hour back ... " Harry find his own leg and give it a very hard pinch . it hurt a lot , which seem to rule out the possibility that he be have a very bizarre dream . " but - " " Shh ! listen ! someone be come ! I think -- I think it might be us ! " Hermione have her ear press against the cupboard door . " footstep across the hall ... yes , I think it be us go down to Hagrid 's ! " " be you tell me , " Harry whisper , " that we be here in this cupboard and we be out there too ? " " yes , " say Hermione , her ear still glue to the cupboard door . " I be sure it be us . it do n't sound like more than three people ... and we be walk slowly because we be under the Invisibility Cloak -- " she break off , still listen intently . " we have go down the front step ... " Hermione sit down on an upturn bucket , look desperately anxious , but Harry want a few question answer . " where do you get that hourglass thing ? " " it be call a Time-Turner , " Hermione whisper , " and I get it from Professor McGonagall on our first day back . I have be use it all year to get to all my lesson . Professor McGonagall make me swear I would n't tell anyone . she have to write all sort of letter to the Ministry of Magic so I could have one . she have to tell them that I be a model student , and that I will never , ever use it for anything except my study ... I have be turn it back so I could do hour over again , that be how I have be do several lesson at once , see ? but ... " Harry , I do n't understand what Dumbledore want us to do . why do he tell us to go back three hour ? how be that go to help Sirius ? " Harry stare at her shadowy face . " there must be something that happen around now he want us to change , " he say slowly . " what happen ? we be walk down to Hagrid 's three hour ago ... " " this be three hour ago , and we be walk down to Hagrid 's , " say Hermione . " we just hear ourselves leave ... " Harry frown ; he feel as though he be screw up his whole brain in concentration . " Dumbledore just say -- just say we could save more than one innocent life ... " and then it hit him . " Hermione , we be go to save Buckbeak ! " " but -- how will that help Sirius ? " " Dumbledore say -- he just tell us where the window be -- the window of Flitwick 's office ! where they have get Sirius lock up ! we have get to fly Buckbeak up to the window and rescue Sirius ! Sirius can escape on Buckbeak -- they can escape together ! " from what Harry could see of Hermione 's face , she look terrify . " if we manage that without be see , it will be a miracle ! " " well , we have get to try , have n't we ? " say Harry . he stand up and press his ear against the door . " do n't sound like anyone be there ... come on , let be go . " Harry push open the closet door . the entrance hall be desert . as quietly and quickly as they could , they dart out of the closet and down the stone step . the shadow be already lengthen , the top of the tree in the Forbidden Forest gild once more with gold . " if anyone be look out of the window - " Hermione squeak , look up at the castle behind them . " we will run for it , " say Harry determinedly . " straight into the forest , all right ? we will have to hide behind a tree or something and keep a lookout - " " Okay , but we will go around by the greenhouse ! ' say Hermione breathlessly . " we need to keep out of sight of Hagrid 's front door , or we will see us ! we must be nearly at Hagrid 's by now ! " still work out what she mean , Harry set off at a sprint , Hermione behind him . they tear across the vegetable garden to the greenhouse , pause for a moment behind them , then set off again , fast as they could , skirt around the Whomping Willow , tear toward the shelter of the forest ... Safe in the shadow of the tree , Harry turn around ; second later , Hermione arrive beside him , pant . " right , " she gasp . " we need to sneak over to Hagrid 's ... keep out of sight , Harry ... " they make their way silently through the tree , keep to the very edge of the forest . then , as they glimpse the front of Hagrid 's house , they hear a knock upon his door . they move quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peer out from either side . Hagrid have appear in his doorway , shake and white , look around to see who have knock . and Harry hear his own voice . " it be us . we be wear the Invisibility Cloak . let us in and we can take it off . " " Yeh shouldn have come ! " Hagrid whisper . he stand back , then shut the door quickly . " this be the weird thing we have ever do , " Harry say fervently . " Let 's move along a bit , " Hermione whisper . " we need to get near to Buckbeak ! " they creep through the tree until they see the nervous Hippogriff , tether to the fence around Hagrid 's pumpkin patch . " now ? " Harry whisper . " no ! " say Hermione . " if we steal him now , those Committee people will think Hagrid set him free ! we have get to wait until they have see he be tie outside ! " " that be go to give us about sixty second , " say Harry . this be start to seem impossible . at that moment , there be a crash of break china from inside Hagrid 's cabin . " that be Hagrid break the milk jug , " Hermione whisper . " I be go to find Scabbers in a moment - " sure enough , a few minute later , they hear Hermione 's shriek of surprise . " Hermione , " say Harry suddenly , " what if we -- we just run in there and grab Pettigrew - " " no ! " say Hermione in a terrify whisper . " do n't you understand ? we be break one of the most important wizarding law ! nobody be suppose to change time , nobody ! you hear Dumbledore , if we be see - " " we will only be see by ourselves and Hagrid ! " " Harry , what do you think you will do if you see yourself burst into Hagrid 's house ? " say Hermione . " I will -- I will think I have go mad , " say Harry , " or I will think there be some Dark Magic go on - " " exactly ! you would n't understand , you might even attack yourself ! do n't you see ? Professor McGonagall tell me what awful thing have happen when wizard have meddle with time ... Loads of them end up kill their past or future self by mistake ! " " okay ! " say Harry . " it be just an idea , I just think - " but Hermione nudge him and point toward the castle . Harry move his head a few inch to get a clear view of the distant front door . Dumbledore , Fudge , the old Committee member , and Macnair the executioner be come down the step . " we be about to come out ! " Hermione breathe . and sure enough , moment later , Hagrid 's back door open , and Harry see himself , Ron , and Hermione walk out of it with Hagrid . it be , without a doubt , the strange sensation of his life , stand behind the tree , and watch himself in the pumpkin patch . " it be Okay , Beaky , it be okay ... " Hagrid say to Buckbeak . then he turn to Harry , Ron , and Hermione . " go on . get goin ' . " " Hagrid , we ca n't - " " we will tell them what really happen - " " they ca n't kill him - " " Go ! it be bad enough without you lot in trouble an ' all ! " Harry watch the Hermione in the pumpkin patch throw the Invisibility Cloak over him and Ron . " go quick . Don ' listen ... " there be a knock on Hagrid 's front door . the execution party have arrive . Hagrid turn , around and head back into his cabin , leave the back door ajar . Harry watch the grass flatten in patch all around the cabin and hear three pair of foot retreat . he , Ron , and Hermione have go ... but the Harry and Hermione hide in the tree could now hear what be happen inside the cabin through the back door . " where be the beast ? " come the cold voice of Macnair . " out -- outside , " Hagrid croak . Harry pull his head out of sight as Macnair 's face appear at Hagrid 's window , stare out at Buckbeak . then they hear Fudge . " we -- er -- have to read you the official notice of execution , Hagrid . I will make it quick . and then you and Macnair need to sign it . Macnair , you be suppose to listen too , that be procedure -- " Macnair 's face vanish from the window . it be now or never . " wait here , " Harry whisper to Hermione . " I will do it . " as Fudge 's voice start again , Harry dart out from behind his tree , vault the fence into the pumpkin patch , and approach Buckbeak . " it be the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of dangerous Creatures that the Hippogriff Buckbeak , hereafter call the condemn , shall he execute on the sixth of June at sundown - " careful not to blink , Harry stare up into Buckbeak 's fierce orange eye once more and bow . Buckbeak sink to his scaly knee and then stand up again . Harry begin to fumble with the knot of rope tie Buckbeak to the fence . " ... sentence to execution by beheading , to be carry out by the Committee 's appoint executioner , Walden Macnair ... " " come on , Buckbeak , " Harry murmur , " come on , we be go to help you . quietly ... quietly ... " " ... as witness below . Hagrid , you sign here ... " Harry throw all his weight onto the rope , but Buckbeak have dug in his front foot . " well , let be get this over with , " say the reedy voice of the Committee member from inside Hagrid 's cabin . " Hagrid , perhaps it will be good if you stay inside - " " no , I -- I wan ' ter be with him ... I don ' wan ' him ter be alone - " Footsteps echo from within the cabin . " Buckbeak , move ! " Harry hiss . Harry tug harder on the rope around Buckbeak 's neck . the Hippogriff begin to walk , rustle its wing irritably . they be still ten foot away from the forest , in plain view of Hagrid 's back door . " one moment , please , Macnair , " come Dumbledore 's voice . " you need to sign too . " the footstep stop . Harry heave on the rope . Buckbeak snap his beak and walk a little faster . Hermione 's white face be stick out from behind a tree . " Harry , hurry ! " she mouth . Harry could still hear Dumbledore 's voice talk from within the cabin . he give the rope another wrench . Buckbeak break into a grudging trot . they have reach the tree ... " Quick ! quick ! " Hermione moan , dart out from behind her tree , seize the rope too and add her weight to make Buckbeak move faster . Harry look over his shoulder ; they be now block from sight ; they could n't see Hagrid 's garden at all . " stop ! " he whisper to Hermione . " they might hear us . " Hagrid 's back door have open with a bang . Harry , Hermione , and Buckbeak stand quite still ; even the Hippogriff seem to be listen intently . silence ... then - " where be it ? " say the reedy voice of the Committee member . " where be the beast ? " " it be tie here ! " say the executioner furiously . " I see it ! just here ! " " how extraordinary , " say Dumbledore . there be a note of amusement in his voice . " beaky ! " say Hagrid huskily . there be a swish noise , and the thud of an axe . the executioner seem to have swing it into the fence in anger . and then come the howl , and this time they could hear Hagrid 's word through his sob . " go ! go ! bless his little beak , he be go ! Musta pull himself free ! beaky , yeh clever boy ! " Buckbeak start to strain against the rope , try to get back to Hagrid . Harry and Hermione tighten their grip and dig their heel into the forest floor to stop him . " someone untie him ! " the executioner be snarl . " we should search the ground , the forest . " " Macnair , if Buckbeak have indeed be steal , do you really think the thief will have lead him away on foot ? " say Dumbledore , still sound amused . " search the sky , if you will ... Hagrid , I could do with a cup of tea . or a large brandy . " " O ' -- o ' course , Professor , " say Hagrid , who sound weak with happiness . " come in , come in ... " Harry and Hermione listen closely . they hear footstep , the soft curse of the executioner , the snap of the door , and then silence once more . " now what ? " whisper Harry , look around . " we will have to hide in here , " say Hermione , who look very shake . " we need to wait until they have go back to the castle . then we wait until it be safe to fly Buckbeak up to Sirius 's window . he wo n't be there for another couple of hour ... oh , this be go to be difficult ... " she look nervously over her shoulder into the depth of the forest . the sun be set now . " we be go to have to move , " say Harry , think hard . " we have get to be able to see the Whomping Willow , or we wo n't know what be go on . " " okay , " say Hermione , get a firm grip on Buckbeak 's rope . " but we have get to keep out of sight , Harry , remember ... " they move around the edge of the forest , darkness fall thickly around them , until they be hide behind a clump of tree through which they could make out the Willow . " there be Ron ! " say Harry suddenly . a dark figure be sprint across the lawn and its shout echo through the still night air . " get away from him -- get away -- Scabbers , come here - " and then they see two more figure materialize out of nowhere . Harry watch himself and Hermione chase after Ron . then he see Ron dive . " Gotcha ! get off , you stink cat - " " there be Sirius ! " say Harry . the great shape of the dog have bound out from the root of the Willow . they see him bowl Harry over , then seize on ... " Looks even bad from here , do n't it ? " say Harry , watch the dog pull Ron into the root . " Ouch -- look , I just get wallop by the tree -- and so do you -- this be weird - " the Whomping Willow be creak and lash out with its low branch ; they could see themselves dart here and there , try to reach the trunk . and then the tree freeze . " that be Crookshanks press the knot , " say Hermione . " and there we go ... " Harry mutter . " we be in . " the moment they disappear , the tree begin to move again . second later , they hear footstep quite close by . Dumbledore , Macnair , Fudge , and the old Committee member be make their way up to the castle . " right after we have go down into the passage ! " say Hermione . " if only Dumbledore have come with us ... " " Macnair and Fudge would have come too , " say Harry bitterly . " I bet you anything Fudge would have tell Macnair to murder Sirius on the spot ... " they watch the four man climb the castle step and disappear from view . for a few minute the scene be desert . then - " here come Lupin ! " say Harry as they see another figure sprint down the stone step and halt toward the Willow . Harry look up at the sky . cloud be obscure the moon completely . they watch Lupin seize a break branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk . the tree stop fight , and Lupin , too , disappear into the gap in its root . " if he have only grab the cloak , " say Harry . " it be just lie there ... " he turn to Hermione . " if I just dash out now and grab it , Snape will never be able to get it and - " " Harry , we must n't be see ! " " how can you stand this ? " he ask Hermione fiercely . " just stand here and watch it happen ? " he hesitate . " I be go to grab the cloak ! " " Harry , no ! " Hermione seize the back of Harry 's robe not a moment too soon . just then , they hear a burst of song . it be Hagrid , make his way up to the castle , sing at the top of his voice , and weave slightly as he walk . a large bottle be swing from his hand . " see ? " Hermione whisper . " see what would have happen ? we have get to keep out of sight ! no , Buckbeak ! " the Hippogriff be make frantic attempt to get to Hagrid again ; Harry seize his rope too , strain to hold Buckbeak back . they watch Hagrid meander tipsily up to the castle . he be go . Buckbeak stop fight to get away . his head droop sadly . barely two minute later , the castle door fly open yet again , and Snape come charge out of them , run toward the Willow . Harry 's fist clench as they watch Snape skid to a halt next to the tree , look around . he grab the cloak and hold it up . " get your filthy hand off it , " Harry snarl under his breath . " Shh ! " Snape seize the branch Lupin have use to freeze the tree , prod the knot , and vanish from view as he put on the cloak . " so that be it , " say Hermione quietly . " we be all down there ... and now we have just get to wait until we come back up again ... " she take the end of Buckbeak 's rope and tie it securely around the near tree , then sit down on the dry ground , arm around her knee . " Harry , there be something I do n't understand ... why do n't the Dementors get Sirius ? I remember them come , and then I think I pass out ... there be so many of them ... " Harry sit down too . he explain what he have see ; how , as the near Dementor have lower its mouth to Harry 's , a large silver something have come gallop across the lake and force the Dementors to retreat . Hermione 's mouth be slightly open by the time Harry have finish . " but what be it ? " " there be only one thing it could have be , to make the Dementors go , " say Harry . " a real Patronus . a powerful one . " " but who conjure it ? " Harry do n't say anything . he be think back to the person he have see on the other bank of the lake . he know who he think it have be ... but how could it have be ? " do n't you see what they look like ? " say Hermione eagerly . " be it one of the teacher ? " " no , " say Harry . " he be n't a teacher . " " but it must have be a really powerful wizard , to drive all those Dementors away ... if the Patronus be shine so brightly , do n't it light him up ? could n't you see - ? " " yeah , I see him , " say Harry slowly . " but ... maybe I imagine it ... I be n't think straight ... I pass out right afterward ... " " who do you think it be ? " " I think - " Harry swallow , know how strange this be go to sound . " I think it be my dad . " Harry glance up at Hermione and see that her mouth be fully open now . she be gaze at him with a mixture of alarm and pity . " Harry , your dad be -- well -- dead , " she say quietly . " I know that , " say Harry quickly . " you think you see his ghost ? " " I do n't know ... no ... he look solid ... " " but then - " " maybe I be see thing , " say Harry . " but ... from what I could see ... it look like him ... I have get photo of him ... " Hermione be still look at him as though worry about his sanity . " I know it sound crazy , " say Harry flatly . he turn to take at Buckbeak , who be dig his beak into the ground , apparently search for worm . but he be n't really watch Buckbeak . he be think about his father and about his father 's three old friend ... Moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and Prongs ... have all four of them be out on the ground tonight ? Wormtail have reappear this evening when everyone have think he be dead ... be it so impossible his father have do the same ? have he be see thing across the take ? the figure have be too far away to see distinctly ... yet he have feel sure , for a moment , before he have lose consciousness ... the leaf overhead rustle faintly in the breeze . the moon drift in and out of sight behind the shift cloud . Hermione sit with her face turn toward the Willow , wait . and then , at last , after over an hour ... " here we come ! " Hermione whisper . she and Harry get to their foot . Buckbeak raise his head . they see Lupin , Ron , and Pettigrew clamber awkwardly out of the hole in the root . then come Hermione ... then the unconscious Snape , drift weirdly upward . Next come Harry and Black . they all begin to walk toward the castle . Harry 's heart be start to beat very fast . he glance up at the sky . any moment now , that cloud be go to move aside and show the moon ... " Harry , " Hermione mutter as though she know exactly what he be think , " we have get to stay put . we must n't be see . there be nothing we can do ... " " so we be just go to let Pettigrew escape all over again ... " say Harry quietly . " how do you expect to find a rat in the dark ? " snap Hermione . " there be nothing we can do ! we come back to help Sirius ; we be not suppose to be do anything else ! " " all right ! " the moon slide out from behind its cloud . they see the tiny figure across the ground stop . then they see movement - " there go Lupin , " Hermione whisper . " he be transform . " " Hermione ! " say Harry suddenly . " we have get to move ! " " we must n't , I keep tell you - " " not to interfere ! lupin be go to run into the forest , right at us ! " Hermione gasp . " quick ! " she moan , dash to untie Buckbeak . " quick ! where be we go to go ? where be we go to hide ? the Dementors will be come any moment - " " back to Hagrid 's ! " Harry say . " it be empty now -- come on ! " they run as fast as they could , Buckbeak canter along behind them . they could hear the werewolf howl behind them ... the cabin be in sight ; Harry skid to the door , wrench it open , and Hermione and Buckbeak flash past him ; Harry throw himself in after them and bolt the door . Fang the boarhound bark loudly . " Shh , Fang , it be us ! " say Hermione , hurry over and scratch his ear to quieten him . " that be really close ! " she say to Harry . " yeah ... " Harry be look out of the window . it be much hard to see what be go on from here . Buckbeak seem very happy to find himself back inside Hagrid 's house . he lie down in front of the fire , fold his wing contentedly , and seem ready for a good nap . " I think I will well go outside again , you know , " say Harry slowly . " I ca n't see what be go on -- we wo n't know when it be time - " Hermione look up . her expression be suspicious . " I be not go to try and interfere , " say Harry quickly . " but if we do n't see what be go on , how be we go to know when it 's time to rescue Sirius ? " " well ... okay , then ... I will wait here with Buckbeak ... but Harry , be careful -- there be a werewolf out there -- and the Dementors . " Harry step outside again and edge around the cabin . he could hear yelp in the distance . that mean the Dementors be close in on Sirius ... he and Hermione would be run to him any moment ... Harry stare out toward the lake , his heart do a kind of drumroll in his chest ... whoever have send that Patronus would be appear at any moment ... for a fraction of a second he stand , irresolute , in front of Hagrid 's door . you must not be see . but he do n't want to be see . he want to do the see ... he have to know ... and there be the Dementors . they be emerge out of the darkness from every direction , glide around the edge of the lake ... they be move away from where Harry stand , to the opposite bank ... he would n't have to get near them ... Harry begin to run . he have no think in his head except his father ... if it be him ... if it really be him ... he have to know , have to find out ... the lake be come near and near , but there be no sign of anybody . on the opposite bank , he could see tiny glimmer of silver -- his own attempt at a Patronus - there be a bush at the very edge of the water . Harry throw himself behind it , peer desperately through the leaf . on the opposite bank , the glimmer of silver be suddenly extinguish . a terrify excitement shot through him -- any moment now - " come on ! " he mutter , stare about . " where be you ? Dad , come on - " but no one come . Harry raise his head to look at the circle of Dementors across the lake . one of them be lower its hood . it be time for the rescuer to appear -- but no one be come to help this time - and then it hit him -- he understand . he have n't see his father he have see himself - Harry fling himself out from behind the bush and pull out his wand . " EXPECTO PATRONUM ! " he yell . and out of the end of his wand burst , not a shapeless cloud of mist , but a blinding , dazzling , silver animal . he screw up his eye , try to see what it be . it look like a horse . it be gallop silently away from him , across the black surface of the lake . he see it lower its head and charge at the swarm Dementors ... now it be gallop around and around the black shape on the ground , and the Dementors be fall back , scattering , retreat into the darkness ... they be go . the Patronus turn . it be canter back toward Harry across the still surface of the water . it be n't a horse . it be n't a unicorn , either . it be a stag . it be shine brightly as the moon above ... it be come back to him ... it stop on the bank . its hoof make no mark on the soft ground as it stare at Harry with its large , silver eye . slowly , it bow its antlered head . and Harry realize ... " Prongs , " he whisper . but as his tremble fingertip stretch toward the creature , it vanish . Harry stand there , hand still outstretch . then , with a great leap of his heart , he hear hoof behind him . he whirl around and see Hermione dash toward him , drag Buckbeak behind her . " what do you do ? " she say fiercely . " you say you be only go to keep a lookout ! " " I just save all our life ... " say Harry . " get behind here behind this bush -- I will explain . " Hermione listen to what have just happen with her mouth open yet again . " do anyone see you ? " " yes , have n't you be listen ? I see me but I think I be my dad ! it be okay ! " " Harry , I ca n't believe it ... you conjure up a Patronus that drive away all those Dementors ! that be very , very advance magic . " " I know I could do it this time , " say Harry , " because I have already do it ... do that make sense ? " " I do n't know -- Harry , look at Snape ! " together they peer around the bush at the other bank . Snape have regain consciousness . he be conjure stretcher and lift the limp form of Harry , Hermione , and Black onto them . a fourth stretcher , no doubt bear Ron , be already float at his side . then , wand hold out in front of him , he move them away toward the castle . " right , it be nearly time , " say Hermione tensely , look at her watch . " we have get about fortyfive minute until Dumbledore lock the door to the hospital wing . we have get to rescue Sirius and get back into the ward before anybody realize we be miss ... " they wait , watch the move cloud reflect in the lake , while the bush next to them whisper in the breeze . Buckbeak , bored , be ferret for worm again . " do you reckon he be up there yet ? " say Harry , check his watch . he look up at the castle and begin count the window to the right of the West Tower . " look ! " Hermione whisper . " who be that ? someone be come back out of the castle ! " Harry stare through the darkness . the man be hurry across the ground , toward one of the entrance . something shiny glint in his belt . " Macnair ! " say Harry . " the executioner ! he be go to get the Dementors ! this be it , Hermione - " Hermione put her hand on Buckbeak 's back and Harry give her a leg up . then he place his foot on one of the low branch of the bush and climb up in front of her . he pull Buckbeak 's rope back over his neck and tie it to the other side of his collar like rein . " ready ? " he whisper to Hermione . " you will well hold on to me - " he nudge Buckbeak 's side with his heel . Buckbeak soar straight into the dark air . Harry grip his flank with his knee , feel the great wing rise powerfully beneath them . Hermione be hold Harry very tight around the waist ; he could hear her mutter , " oh , no -- I do n't like this oh , I really do n't like this - " Harry urge Buckbeak forward . they be glide quietly toward the upper floor of the castle ... Harry pull hard on the left-hand side of the rope , and Buckbeak turn . Harry be try to count the window flash past - " Whoa ! " he say , pull backward as hard as he could . Buckbeak slow down and they find themselves at a stop , unless you count the fact that they keep rise up and down several foot as the Hippogriff beat his wing to remain airborne . " he be there ! " Harry say , spot Sirius as they rise up beside the window . he reach out , and as Buckbeak 's wing fall , be able to tap sharply on the glass . Black look up . Harry see his jaw drop . he leap from his chair , hurry to the window and try to open it , but it be lock . " stand back ! " Hermione call to him , and she take out her wand , still grip the back of Harry 's robe with her left hand . " Alohomora ! " the window spring open . " how -- how - ? " say Black weakly , stare at the Hippogriff . " get on -- there be not much time , " say Harry , gripping Buckbeak firmly on either side of his sleek neck to hold him steady . " you have get to get out of here -- the Dementors be come -- Macnair be go to get them . " Black place a hand on either side of the window frame and heave his head and shoulder out of it . it be very lucky he be so thin . in second , he have manage to fling one leg over Buckbeak 's back and pull himself onto the Hippogriff behind Hermione . " okay , Buckbeak , up ! " say Harry , shake the rope . " up to the tower -- come on . " the Hippogriff give one sweep of its mighty wing and they be soar upward again , high as the top of the West Tower . Buckbeak land with a clatter on the battlement , and Harry and Hermione slide off him at once . " Sirius , you will well go , quick , " Harry pant . " they will reach Flitwick 's office any moment , they will find out you be go . " Buckbeak paw the ground , toss his sharp head . " what happen to the other boy ? Ron ? " croak Sirius . " he be go to be okay . he be still out of it , but Madam Pomfrey say she will be able to make him good . quick -- go - " but Black be still stare down at Harry . " how can I ever thank - " " Go ! " Harry and Hermione shout together . Black wheeled Buckbeak around , face the open sky . " we will see each other again , " he say . " you be -- truly your father 's son , Harry ... " he squeeze Buckbeak 's side with his heel . Harry and Hermione jump back as the enormous wing rise once more ... the Hippogriff take off into the air ... he and his rider become small and small as Harry gaze after them ... then a cloud drift across the moon ... they be go . chapter TWENTY-TWO Owl Post Again " Harry ! " Hermione be tug at his sleeve , stare at her watch . " we have get exactly ten minute to get back down to the hospital wing without anybody see us -- before Dumbledore lock the door - " " Okay , " say Harry , wrench his gaze from the sky , " let be go ... " they slip through the doorway behind them and down a tightly spiraling stone staircase . as they reach the bottom of it , they hear voice . they flatten themselves against the wall and listen . it sound like Fudge and Snape . they be walk quickly along the corridor at the foot of the staircase . " ... only hope Dumbledore be not go to make difficulty , " Snape be say . " the Kiss will be perform immediately ? " " as soon as Macnair return with the Dementors . this whole Black affair have be highly embarrassing . I ca n't tell you how much I be look forward to inform the Daily Prophet that we have get him at last ... @card@ daresay they will want to interview you , Snape ... and once young Harry 's back in his right mind , I expect he will want to tell the Prophet exactly how you save him ... " Harry clench his tooth . he catch a glimpse of Snape 's smirk as he and Fudge pass Harry and Hermione 's hiding place . their footstep die away . Harry and Hermione wait a few moment to make sure they have really go , then start to run in the opposite direction . down one staircase , then another , along a new corridor -- then they hear a cackle ahead . " peeve ! " Harry mutter , grab Hermione 's wrist . " in here ! " they tear into a desert classroom to their left just in time . peeve seem to be bounce along the corridor in boisterous good spirit , laugh his head off . " oh , he be horrible , " whisper Hermione , her ear to the door . " I bet he be all excite because the Dementors be go to finish off Sirius ... " she check her watch . " three minute , Harry ! " they wait until Peeves 's gloat voice have fade into the distance , then slide back out of the room and break into a run again . " Hermione -- what will happen -- if we do n't get back inside before Dumbledore lock the door ? " Harry pant . " I do n't want to think about it ! " Hermione moan , check her watch again . " one minute ! " they have reach the end of the corridor with the hospital wing entrance . " okay -- I can hear Dumbledore , " say Hermione tensely . " come on , Harry ! " they creep along the corridor . the door open . Dumbledore 's back appear . " I be go to lock you in , " they hear him say . " it be five minute to midnight . Miss Granger , three turn should do it . good luck . " Dumbledore back out of the room , close the door , and take out his wand to magically lock it . panick , Harry and Hermione run forward . Dumbledore look up , and a wide smile appear under the long silver mustache . " well ? " he say quietly . " we do it ! " say Harry breathlessly . " Sirius have go , on Buckbeak ... " Dumbledore beam at them . " well do . I think - " he listen intently for any sound within the hospital wing . " yes , I think you have go too -- get inside -- I will lock you in - " Harry and Hermione slip back inside the dormitory . it be empty except for Ron , who be still lie motionless in the end bed . as the lock click behind them , Harry and Hermione creep back to their own bed , Hermione tuck the Time-Turner back under her robe . a moment later , Madam Pomfrey come stride back out of her office . " do I hear the headmaster leave ? be I allow to look after my patient now ? " she be in a very bad mood . Harry and Hermione think it well to accept their chocolate quietly . madam Pomfrey stand over them , make sure they eat it . but Harry could hardly swallow . he and Hermione be wait , listen , their nerve jangle ... and then , as they both take a fourth piece of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey , they hear a distant roar of fury echo from somewhere above them ... " what be that ? " say Madam Pomfrey in alarm . now they could hear angry voice , grow loud and loud . madam Pomfrey be stare at the door . " really -- they will wake everybody up ! what do they think they be do ? " Harry be try to hear what the voice be say . they be draw near - " he must have Disapparated , Severus . we should have leave somebody in the room with him . when this get out - " " He DID N'T DISAPPARATE ! " Snape roar , now very close at hand . " you Ca N'T APPARATE Or DISAPPARATE Inside This Castle ! this -- have -- SOMETHING -- To -- do -- WITH -- Potter ! " " Severus -- be reasonable -- Harry have be lock up - " BAM . the door of the hospital wing burst open . Fudge , Snape , and Dumbledore come stride into the ward . Dumbledore alone look calm . indeed , he look as though he be quite enjoy himself . fudge appear angry . but Snape be beside himself . " out WITH it , Potter ! " he bellow . " what DID you DO ? " " Professor Snape ! " shriek Madam Pomfrey . " control yourself ! " " see here , Snape , be reasonable , " say Fudge . " this door have be lock , we just see - " " THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE , I Know it ! " Snape howl , point at Harry and Hermione . his face be twist ; spit be fly from his mouth . " calm down , man ! " fudge bark . " you be talk nonsense ! " " you DO N'T Know Potter ! " shriek Snape . " he DID it , I Know He DID it - " " that will do , Severus , " say Dumbledore quietly . " think about what you be say . this door have be lock since I leave the ward ten minute ago . madam Pomfrey , have these student leave their bed ? " " of course not ! " say Madam Pomfrey , bristle . " I would have hear them ! " " well , there you have it , Severus , " say Dumbledore calmly . " unless you be suggest that Harry and Hermione be able to be in two place at once , I be afraid I do n't see any point in trouble them further . " Snape stand there , seething , stare from Fudge , who look thoroughly shocked at his behavior , to Dumbledore , whose eye be twinkle behind his glass . Snape whirl about , robe swish behind him , and storm out of the ward . " fellow seem quite unbalanced , " say Fudge , stare after him . " I will watch out for him if I be you , Dumbledore . " " oh , he be not unbalance , " say Dumbledore quietly . " he be just suffer a severe disappointment . " " he be not the only one ! " puff Fudge . " the Daily Prophet be go to have a field day ! we have Black corner and he slip through our finger yet again ! all it need now be for the story of that Hippogriff 's escape to get out , and I will be a laughingstock ! well ... I will well go and notify the Ministry ... " " and the Dementors ? " say Dumbledore . " they will be remove from the school , I trust ? " " oh yes , they will have to go , " say Fudge , run his finger distractedly through his hair . " never dream they will attempt to administer the Kiss on an innocent boy ... completely out of control ... no , I will have them pack off back to Azkaban tonight ... perhaps we should think about dragon at the school entrance ... " " Hagrid would like that , " say Dumbledore , smile at Harry and Hermione . as he and Fudge leave the dormitory , Madam Pomfrey hurry to the door and lock it again . mutter angrily to herself , she head back to her office . there be a low moan from the other end of the ward . Ron have wake up . they could see him sit up , rub his head , look around . " what -- what happen ? " he groan . " Harry ? why be we in here ? where be Sirius ? where be Lupin ? what be go on ? " Harry and Hermione look at each other . " you explain , " say Harry , help himself to some more chocolate . when Harry , Ron , and Hermione leave the hospital wing at noon the next day , it be to find an almost desert castle . the sweltering , heat and the end of the exam mean that everyone be take full advantage of another Hogsmeade visit . neither Ron nor Hermione feel like go , however , so they and Harry wander onto the ground , still talk about the extraordinary event of the previous night and wonder where Sirius and Buckbeak be now . sit near the lake , watch the giant squid wave its tentacle lazily above the water , Harry lose the thread of the conversation as he look across to the opposite bank . the stag have gallop toward him from there just last night ... a shadow fall across them and they look up to see a very bleary-eyed Hagrid , mop his sweaty face with one of his tablecloth-sized handkerchief and beam down at them . " know I shouldn ' feel happy , after Wha ' happen la ' night , " he say . " I mean , Black escapin ' again , an , everythin ' -- but guess what ? " " what ? " they say , pretend to look curious . " beaky ! he escape ! he be free ! bin celebratin ' all night ! " " that be wonderful ! " say Hermione , give Ron a reprove look because he look as though he be close to laugh . " yeah ... ca n't have tie him up properly , " say Hagrid , gaze happily out over the ground . " I be worry this mornin ' , mind ... think he mighta meet Professor Lupin on the ground , but Lupin say he never eat anythin ' la ' night ... " " what ? " say Harry quickly . " Blimey , haven ' yeh hear ? " say Hagrid , his smile fade a little . he lower his voice , even though there be nobody in sight . " er -- Snape tell all the Slytherins this mornin ' ... Thought everyone will know by now ... Professor Lupin be a werewolf , see . an ' he be loose on the ground la ' night ... he be packin ' now , o ' course . " " he be pack ? " say Harry , alarm . " why ? " " Leavin ' , isn ' he ? " say Hagrid , look surprised that Harry have to ask . " resigned fir ' thing this mornin ' . say he ca n't risk it happenin again . " Harry scramble to his foot . " I be go to see him , " he say to Ron and Hermione . " but if he be resign - " " -- do n't sound like there be anything we can do - " " I do n't care . I still want to see him . I will meet you back here . " lupin 's office door be open . he have already pack most of his thing . the Grindylow 's empty tank stand next to his battered old suitcase , which be open and nearly full . lupin be bend over something on his desk and look up only when Harry knock on the door . " I see you come , " say Lupin , smile . he point to the parchment he have be pore over . it be the Marauder 's Map . " I just see Hagrid , " say Harry . " and he say you have resign . it be not true , be it ? " " I be afraid it be , " say Lupin . he start open his desk drawer and take out the content . " why ? " say Harry . " the Ministry of Magic do n't think you be help Sirius , do they ? " lupin cross to the door and close it behind Harry . " No. Professor Dumbledore manage to convince Fudge that I be try to save your life . " he sigh . " that be the final straw for Severus . I think the loss of the order of Merlin hit him hard . so he -- er -- accidentally let slip that I be a werewolf this morning at breakfast . " " you be not leave just because of that ! " say Harry . lupin smile wryly . " this time tomorrow , the owl will start arrive from parent ... they will not want a werewolf teach their child , Harry . and after last night , I see their point . I could have bite any of you ... that must never happen again . " " you be the good defense against the Dark Arts teacher we have ever have ! " say Harry . " do n't go ! " lupin shake his head and do n't speak . he carry on empty his drawer . then , while Harry be try to think of a good argument to make him stay , Lupin say , " from what the headmaster tell me this morning , you save a lot of life last night , Harry . if I be proud of anything I have do this year , it be how much you have learn ... tell me about your Patronus . " " how d'you know about that ? " say Harry , distract . " what else could have drive the Dementors back ? " Harry tell Lupin what have happen . when he have finish , Lupin be smile again . " yes , your father be always a stag when he transform , " he say . " you guess right ... that be why we call him Prongs . " lupin throw his last few book into his case , close the desk drawer , and turn to look at Harry . " here -- I bring this from the Shrieking Shack last night , " he say , hand Harry back the Invisibility Cloak . " and ... " he hesitate , then hold out the Marauder 's map too . " I be no longer your teacher , so I do n't feel guilty about give you back this as well . it be no use to me , and I daresay you , Ron , and Hermione will find use for it . " Harry take the map and grin . " you tell me Moony , Wormtail , Padfoot , and Prongs would have want to lure me out of school ... you say they will have think it be funny . " " and so we would have , " say Lupin , now reach down to close his case . " I have no hesitation in say that James would have be highly disappoint if his son have never find any of the secret passage out of the castle . " there be a knock on the door . Harry hastily stuff the Marauder 's Map and the Invisibility Cloak into his pocket . it be Professor Dumbledore . he do n't look surprise to see Harry there . " your carriage be at the gate , Remus , " he say . " thank you , Headmaster . " lupin pick up his old suitcase and the empty Grindylow tank . " well -- good-bye , Harry , " he say , smile . " it have be a real pleasure teach you . I feel sure we will meet again sometime . headmaster , there be no need to see me to the gate , I can manage ... " Harry have the impression that Lupin want to leave as quickly as possible . " Good-bye , then , Remus , " say Dumbledore soberly . lupin shift the Grindylow tank slightly so that he and Dumbledore could shake hand . then , with a final nod to Harry and a swift smile , Lupin leave the office . Harry sit down in his vacate chair , stare glumly at the floor . he hear the door close and look up . Dumbledore be still there . " why so miserable , Harry ? " he say quietly . " you should be very proud of yourself after last night . " " it do n't make any difference , " say Harry bitterly . " Pettigrew get away . " " do n't make any difference ? " say Dumbledore quietly , " it make all the difference in the world , Harry . you help uncover the truth . you save an innocent man from a terrible fate . " terrible . something stir in Harry 's memory . great and more terrible than ever before ... Professor Trelawney 's prediction ! " Professor Dumbledore -- yesterday , when I be have my divination exam , Professor Trelawney go very -- very strange . " " indeed ? " say Dumbledore . " er -- stranger than usual , you mean ? " " yes ... her voice go all deep and her eye roll and she say ... she say Voldemort 's servant be go to set out to return to him before midnight ... she say the servant would help him come back to power . " Harry stare up at Dumbledore . " and then she sort of become normal again , and she could n't remember anything she will say . be it -- be she make a real prediction ? " Dumbledore look mildly impress . " do you know , Harry , I think she might have be . " he say thoughtfully . " who will have think it ? that bring her total of real prediction up to two . I should offer her a pay raise ... " " but - " Harry look at him , aghast . how could Dumbledore take this so calmly ? " but -- I stop Sirius and Professor Lupin from kill Pettigrew ! that make it my fault if Voldemort come back ! " " it do not , " say Dumbledore quietly . " have n't your experience with the Time-Turner teach you anything , Harry ? the consequence of our action be always so complicate , so diverse , that predict the future be a very difficult business indeed ... Professor Trelawney , bless her , be live proof of that ... you do a very noble thing , in save Pettigrew 's life . " " but if he help Voldemort back to power ... " " Pettigrew owe his life to you . you have send Voldemort a deputy who be in your debt ... when one wizard save another wizard 's life , it create a certain bond between them ... and I be much mistake if Voldemort want his servant in the debt of Harry Potter . " " I do n't want a connection with Pettigrew ! " say Harry . " he betray my parent ! " " this be magic at its deep , its most impenetrable , Harry . but trust me ... the time may come when you will be very glad you save Pettigrew 's life . " Harry could n't imagine when that would be . Dumbledore look as though he know what Harry be think . " I know your father very well , both at Hogwarts and later , Harry , " he say gently . " he would have save Pettigrew too , I be sure of it . " Harry look up at him . Dumbledore would n't laugh -- he could tell Dumbledore ... " I think it be my dad who have conjure my Patronus . I mean , when I see myself across the lake ... I think I be see him . " " an easy mistake to make , " say Dumbledore softly . " I expect you will tire of hear it , but you do look extraordinarily like James . except for the eye ... you have your mother 's eye . " Harry shake his head . " it be stupid , think it be him , " he mutter . " I mean , I know he be dead . " " you think the dead we love ever truly leave us ? you think that we do n't recall them more clearly than ever in time of great trouble ? your father be alive in you , Harry , and show himself most plainly when you have need of him . how else could you produce that particular Patronus ? prong ride again last night . " it take a moment for Harry to realize what Dumblefore have say . " last night Sirius tell me all about how they become Animagi , " say Dumbledore , smile . " an extraordinary achievement -- not least , keep it quiet from me . and then I remember the most unusual form your Patronus take , when it charge Mr. Malfoy down at your Quidditch match against Ravenclaw . you know , Harry , in a way , you do see your father last night ... you find him inside yourself . " and Dumbledore leave the office , leave Harry to his very confuse thought . nobody at Hogwarts now know the truth of what have happen the night that Sirius , Buckbeak , and Pettigrew have vanish except Harry , Ron , Hermione , and Professor Dumbledore . as the end of term approach , Harry hear many different theory about what have really happen , but none of them come close to the truth . Malfoy be furious about Buckbeak . he be convince that Hagrid have find a way of smuggle the Hippogriff to safety , and seem outraged that he and his father have be outwit by a gamekeeper . Percy Weasley , meanwhile , have much to say on the subject of Sirius 's escape . " if I manage to get into the Ministry , I will have a lot of proposal to make about Magical Law Enforcement ! " he tell the only person who would listen -- his girlfriend , Penelope . though the weather be perfect , though the atmosphere be so cheerful , though he know they have achieve the near impossible in help Sirius to freedom , Harry have never approach the end of a school year in bad spirit . he certainly be n't the only one who be sorry to see Professor Lupin go . the whole of Harry 's defense against the Dark Arts class be miserable about his resignation . " wonder what they will give us next year ? " say Seamus Finnigan gloomily . " maybe a vampire , " suggest Dean Thomas hopefully . it be n't only Professor Lupin 's departure that be weigh on Harry 's mind . he could n't help think a lot about Professor Trelawney 's prediction . he keep wonder where Pettigrew be now , whether he have seek sanctuary with Voldemort yet . but the thing that be lower Harry 's spirit most of all be the prospect of return to the Dursley . for maybe half an hour , a glorious half hour , he have believe he would be live with Sirius from now on ... his parent ' good friend ... it would have be the next good thing to have his own father back . and while no news of Sirius be definitely good news , because it mean he have successfully go into hiding , Harry could n't help feel miserable when he think of the home he might have have , and the fact that it be now impossible . the exam result come out on the last day of term . Harry , Ron , and Hermione have pass every subject . Harry be amaze that he have get through potion . he have a shrewd suspicion that Dumbledore might have step in to stop Snape fail him on purpose . Snape 's behavior toward Harry over the past week have be quite alarming . Harry would n't have think it possible that Snape 's dislike for him could increase , but it certainly have . a muscle twitch unpleasantly at the corner of Snape 's thin mouth every time he look at Harry , and he be constantly flex his finger , as though itch to place them around Harry 's throat . Percy have get his top-grade N.E.W.T.s ; Fred and George have scrape a handful of O.W.L.s each . Gryffindor House , meanwhile , largely thanks to their spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup , have win the House championship for the third year running . this mean that the end of term feast take place amid decoration of scarlet and gold , and that the Gryffindor table be the noisy of the lot , as everybody celebrate . even Harry manage to forget about the journey back to the Dursley the next day as he eat , drink , talk , and laugh with the rest . as the Hogwarts Express pull out of the station the next morning , Hermione give Harry and Ron some surprising news . " I go to see Professor McGonagall this morning , just before breakfast . I have decide to drop Muggle Studies . " " but you pass your exam with three hundred and twenty percent ! " say Ron . " I know , " sigh Hermione , " but I ca n't stand another year like this one . that Time-Turner , it be drive me mad . I have hand it in . without Muggle Studies and Divination , I will be able to have a normal schedule again . " " I still ca n't believe you do n't tell us about it , " say Ron grumpily . " we be suppose to be your friend . " " I promise I would n't tell anyone , " say Hermione severely . she look around at Harry , who be watch Hogwarts disappear from view behind a mountain . two whole month before he will see it again ... " oh , cheer up , Harry ! " say Hermione sadly . " I be okay , " say Harry quickly . " just think about the holiday . " " yeah , I have be think about them too , " say Ron . " Harry , you have get to come and stay with us . I will fix it up with Mum and Dad , then I will call you . I know how to use a fellytone now - " " a telephone , Ron , " say Hermione . " honestly , you should take Muggle Studies next year ... " Ron ignore her . " it be the Quidditch World Cup this summer ! how about it , Harry ? come and stay , and we will go and see it ! Dad can usually get ticket from work . " this proposal have the effect of cheer Harry up a great deal . " yeah ... I bet the Dursley will be please to let me come ... especially after what I do to Aunt Marge ... " feel considerably more cheerful , Harry join Ron and Hermione in several game of Exploding Snap , and when the witch with the tea cart arrive , he buy himself a very large lunch , though nothing with chocolate in it . but it be late in the afternoon before the thing that make him truly happy turn up ... " Harry , " say Hermione suddenly , peer over his shoulder . " what be that thing outside your window ? " Harry turn to look outside . something very small and gray be bob in and out of sight beyond the glass . he stand up for a good look and see that it be a tiny owl , carry a letter that be much too big for it . the owl be so small , in fact , that it keep tumble over in the air , buffet this way and that in the train 's slipstream . Harry quickly pull down the window , stretch out his arm , and catch it . it feel like a very fluffy Snitch . he bring it carefully inside . the owl drop its letter onto Harry 's seat and begin zoom around their compartment , apparently very pleased with itself for accomplish its task . Hedwig click her beak with a sort of dignified disapproval . Crookshanks sit up in his seat , follow the owl with his great yellow eye . Ron , notice this , snatch the owl safely out of harm 's way . Harry pick up the letter . it be address to him . he rip open the letter , and shout , " it be from Sirius ! " " what ? " say Ron and Hermione excitedly . " read it aloud ! " Dear Harry , I hope this find you before you reach your aunt and uncle . I do n't know whether they be use to owl post . Buckbeak and I be in hiding . I wo n't tell you where , in case this owl fall into the wrong hand . I have some doubt about his reliability , but he be the good I could find , and he do seem eager for the job . I believe the Dementors be still search for me , but they have n't a hope of find me here . I be plan to allow some Muggles to glimpse me soon , a long way from Hogwarts , so that the security on the castle will be lift . there be something I never get around to tell you during our brief meeting . it be I who send you the Firebolt - " Ha ! " say Hermione triumphantly . " see ! I tell you it be from him ! " " yes , but he have n't jinx it , have he ? " say Ron . " Ouch ! " the tiny owl now hoot happily in his hand , have nibble one of his finger in what it seem to think be an affectionate way . - Crookshanks take the order to the Owl Office for me . I use your name but tell them to take the gold from my own Gringotts vault . please consider it as thirteen birthday ' worth of present from your godfather . I would also like to apologize for the fright I think I give you that night last year when you leave your uncle 's house . I have only hope to get a glimpse of you before start my journey north , but I think the sight of me alarm you . I be enclose something else for you , which I think will make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable . if ever you need me , send word . your owl will find me . I will write again soon . Sirius Harry look eagerly inside the envelope . there be another piece of parchment in there . he read it through quickly and feel suddenly as warm and contented as though he have swallow a bottle of hot butterbeer in one gulp . I , Sirius Black , Harry Potter 's godfather , hereby give him permission to visit Hogsmeade on weekend . " that will be good enough for Dumbledore ! " say Harry happily . he look back at Sirius 's letter . " hang on , there be a PS ... " I think your friend Ron might like to keep this owl , as it be my fault he no longer have a rat . Ron 's eye widen . the minute owl be still hoot excitedly . " keep him ? " he say uncertainly . he look closely at the owl for a moment ; then , to Harry 's and Hermione 's great surprise , he hold him out for Crookshanks to sniff . " what do you reckon ? " Ron ask the cat . " definitely an owl ? " Crookshanks purr . " that be good enough for me , " say Ron happily . " he be mine . " Harry read and reread the letter from Sirius all the way back into King 's Cross station . it be still clutch tightly in his hand as he , Ron , and Hermione step back through the barrier of platform nine and three-quarter . Harry spot Uncle Vernon at once . he be stand a good distance from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley , eye them suspiciously , and when Mrs. Weasley hug Harry in greeting , his bad suspicion about them seem confirm . " I will call about the World Cup ! " Ron yell after Harry as Harry bid him and Hermione goodbye , then wheel the trolley bear his trunk and Hedwig 's cage toward Uncle Vernon , who greet him in his usual fashion . " what be that ? " he snarl , stare at the envelope Harry be still clutch in his hand . " if it be another form for me to sign , you have get another - " " it be not , " say Harry cheerfully . " it be a letter from my godfather . " " godfather ? " sputter Uncle Vernon . " you have n't get a godfather ! " " yes , I have , " say Harry brightly . " he be my mum and dad 's good friend . he be a convict murderer , but he be break out of wizard prison and he be on the run . he like to keep in touch with me , though ... keep up with my news ... check if I be happy ... " and , grin broadly at the look of horror on Uncle Vernon 's face , Harry set off toward the station exit , Hedwig rattle along in front of him , for what look like a much good summer than the last .
